Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion before I could answer
Ok
I just told you I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice
How can I send you the PDF file?
I gave it to you earlier
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is as follows:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG retailer
So you are affiliated with them
that's why you are the best suited to manage this refund
Yes, but since you are affiliated
You can handle this for me
yes
I'll ask them and I'll get back to you if needed
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
my problem is that my account
is linked to my PRS-ORG account
whereas I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes, that's it
because I don't have any PRS-ORG anymore
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes or retrieve my PRS-ORG companion team
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
I just launched a fut champions match and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you an image
you are the
No.
I'm in a FUT Champions match and it's stuck on the opponent's team
EMAIL
just for your information, I am still in the match with the opponent's team and I don't want to leave the match because I'm afraid I will lose the match
but if I leave the game, will I lose?
Ok, I won't lose the match, have a nice day
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days, when I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
I get an error message saying: "server problem".
EMAIL
Audiobook: confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: l'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone in general.
Then I can sync on the reader.
Except for the audio books, which I listen on my phone.
Damn!
What's the problem?
Ok.
You're going to think I'm very silly, but until yesterday, everything was working.
I haven't changed anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to get this VPN?
I'll try to do what you advise me to do.
If it doesn't work, I'll come back to you.
Have a good evening.
Best regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
This morning, I had to recover an account with one of your colleagues
I reset my email, everything is okay, everything works
however, I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
and I have to provide it to an advisor, apparently
I'm really afraid of losing access to my account again, so I'm a bit panicking
yes, I was just wondering why I need to do this since I already did it once to reset the email and now it's working
348138
This is the code I received
But I am afraid we will have to reset the email again, even though I don't need it
Thank you, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
hello everyone, I had a problem with my account, my game code had already been used, but I was able to find the correct account, the problem is that I want to install it by downloading it, not with the CD, since I don't have much internet and a bad connection, so it's a hassle
how do I get it to install from the CD?
because it's taking me 1 day to download it
The game is PRS-ORG
on pc
it loads half of it directly.
without me entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I logged into my account and entered the game disc, it tried to download it
I am, so it's trying to download it to install it
yes, it's taking me 1 day to download because of the poor connection
I want to install it from a CD and not from a download
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello!
I would like to receive emails from you in French, not in German.
Is it possible?
I also received emails that my account has been checked, but 3 months later.
yes
I have the language in French on my dashboard.
but I receive all communication in German
yes
Great, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello, NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I retrieve this information?
I tried to go back to remember the price I had to pay, but I can't find this information.
Currently, no, I'm on the support page.
(it's all in Italian and that's not helping, haha)
Okay, very well then I will place a new order!
That's all I need!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
We downloaded all the documents.
thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of an inauguration and it is no longer working
Yes, I have to re-upload them.
I just did it
I replied to the email
Please act quickly
It's a big loss for us...!
for you too...
Okay, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Via the chat.
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
hello
I requested a change of bank account details, and I would like to know when this request will be effective?
It's a business account for a company.
yes, it's still me
I am contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand
how should I proceed?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M sent me a message about a payment that I didn't make
You just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic unsubscriptions for PRS-ORG **** have been disabled.
You can reactivate them when you make your next purchase from an PRS-ORG retailer.
No
I don't remember.
My nephew might have paid for a game with the phone?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "Mobile 3G" connection type is enabled, but even when we move to the office, the connection doesn't work.
Moreover, the battery level changes from one second to the other, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to get a new terminal.
Would you be able to take care of this?
Thank you for your cooperation, and I send you my best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the address:
Municipal Commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be billed?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your effective and good collaboration
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by email at EMAIL or phone at PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and best regards.
No, it's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Yes.
I have an issue with the transfer limits
I need to send 158,100€ to my notary
for the acquisition of a parcel of a forest
I just found out about the levels of the ceilings
for now, I have 59 975 € in the account that I would like to transfer as soon as possible to the notary
I'm referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
in addition, I have 100,000€ pending on the account that I was supposed to receive
these days
and I would have to make a second transfer of 98,125€
I can call the notary to prove all of this to you.
I tried to transfer 59,975€ yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because I can't code a game.
I launched a draft in the first round 0 minute into the game, the opponent cheated and I lost
My name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes, in the meantime, I even restarted the draft to see if it was a bug on my side
Hey?
But are you kidding me??
but you are useless, you are just incapable, like every time I have to deal with you
It's always the same thing, do it yourself, fuck me, I can't do anything for you
so I have to log out for 1 hour of play and maybe I would have a draft token??
so, in addition to getting fucked, I have to not play the game for 1 hour?
You guys are geniuses, keep it up, you're on the right track.
yes, like always, there's nothing to do, thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has not arrived yet.
So, what can I do for you today?
Ok.
Unfortunately, I can't access your payment frequency.
However, you can consult it from your account settings: URL.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Okay, thank you
So, for today or tomorrow, that's right?
Yes.
Ok, I'll wait then
It's all good, stay strong
i would need a panel for my lounges
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
screen showing the PRS-ORG
I want to talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you reformulate your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello, I wanted to know if it would be possible to receive a small plaque indicating that I have an PRS-ORG
And that my customers can pay by credit card.
no
it's not his fault
When I was in the market, I had a little sign indicating that I accept credit card payments here
but someone stole it from me at the last trade show
I would like to know if you could send me another one
a display
please
If possible, 3 that can be placed on my stand
not the ones that stick.
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no, thank you, have a nice day
Hello, the payment links don't work
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How can I change my email address?
".
Remote payment
I'm sorry about that.
Could you please tell me what type of transaction it is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote payment,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties may occur for different reasons.
To find out which applies to your situation, I'll connect you with a human colleague.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link does not work, it asks me for the terminal each time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it didn't work, so I created a QR code for 300€
I don't understand why the links don't work
Can you tell me the reason, I have no answer
Yes, thank you, I think I did something wrong
Thank you for your response and quickness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm contacting you because PRS-ORG has removed 950,000 credits from my PRS-ORG Ultimate Team
For reasons I don't know about, as the credits I had had were earned with the help of players I got from packs, I sent the photos
And by doing buy-sell transactions.
I would like to get my credits back. This is a huge amount!
I dispute the penalty!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
Email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I never did anything illegal!
And I earned the rest myself.
And PRS-ORG took everything from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, I don't have anything displayed
On PRS-ORG's help page
I have never violated the rules of PRS-ORG
Yes, thank you very much, as it's a huge sum!
Thank you
So I just do nothing?
I just have to wait for an answer by email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least
half of my credits
I sent proof by photo before starting this case with you
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thank you, so here's the thing, I'm having this issue for the second time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
indeed I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (so money) I decide to start a match
and as soon as I select the game, I get logged out
surely cheaters
But it's the 2nd time since I do the draft
and I'm getting fed up with being cheated like this
I'd like a refund of the points
ok, thank you.
no problem
They say that I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you are not able to fix this issue
so you're going to refund me
I have paid
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
this is not right, the players of your game lose money because of cheaters
And you do not reimburse?
find a way to refund me
I wouldn't leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
hello,
I have a valid subscription to PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it's already valid on Playstation?
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so, in short, the problem is with PRS-ORG
the PRS-ORG subscription is multi-support?
if I have a subscription through PRS-ORG, will it be valid on Playstation?
Or not?
no, you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but it is not valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log in to my PRS-ORG account at all, the password reset does not work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, I get a message saying that there is already an account with this ID.
On the other hand, from my e-reader, downloads are working as expected.
Could you please help me?
Regards.
EMAIL
no, since I can't access my account anymore, but I just found 2 small invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I got my eReader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it works; my last 2 paid purchases do indeed go back to February 16, 2020, the amounts are the same as on my statement.
It worked, I just logged in with Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your homepage.
Case solved, thank you for your help and have a nice Sunday.
Thanks, just a book suggestion: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but in the newly released paperback version, which is less expensive than the hardcover version released in 2018.
That's all right for me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I can't play the PRS-ORG game
Impossible to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas, hello and thank you for your help
we already sent back the game PRS-ORG once, but today we're trying again and it's the same problem
we tried it on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one consoles with no result
yes
we also tried to restore the console to its original settings, but it didn't work
update impossible 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
When I go to Manage Game on update, there are none available
yes, we have had this error code for 4 days
there's a problem with the update, when we try to put the game back on the console, it freezes
Ok, thanks
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I requested, via e-mail, that a "employé" e-mail address be deleted so that I could use it on another account.
Your colleague answered me that it was not possible, when it had been done for another address the day before.
I haven't received any response to my 2nd message.
So, I should hear back soon?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thank you.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to deal with it for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, I can't make online payments
transaction failed
Your deposit request failed or was cancelled.
It's really urgent, if possible, to solve the problem today, thank you
No, thanks.
Good evening.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
as usual every month despite the fact that I got my twich prime pack
I didn't receive it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the address EMAIL
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS prime account, it seems like every time there's this problem of two distinct email addresses
I did the recovery request and it said "successful recovery"
so the problem is with you, not me
and in the previous months, the person I talked to via chat generated me the pack
so I think there might be an issue with the competence of the person
I didn't log in on the console
only on the app
ok, thanks
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Via the chat
How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 11:00 PM, all transactions were impossible.
I sent my identity card and my registration certificate yesterday at 17:00.
My commercial register extract
Can you re-enable the transactions before 9:00?
We need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents requested directly in my profile.
Yes
Okay, I'll get back to you at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings you should fix?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello.
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if we can buy the SumUp 3G without the printer
because the price is very high
I want a second cvarte pro
And I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the 3g PRS-ORG without the bundle
and?
nothing
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is deformed.
It becomes illegible towards the end: superimposed characters and off-center accents.
It's too troublesome, I would like a refund, thank you.
I resume this chat started too late on Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"ces biens essentiels" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed or if the problem is only on my e-reader...
I can take photos, but not right away.
At my place it's around page 294 but it varies depending on the font size.
Anyway, it's around 75%
Sure, because I won't be available for more now
That suits me perfectly, thank you
Thank you, have a good evening
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
to speak with a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
How can I help you today?
hello NAME-F, a client paid me via link and I don't see the payment
URL
however, it was deducted from his account
yesterday
It's written accepted in my transactions...sent to my links...but not paid
oh, ok, thanks, how come it wasn't immediate, as it usually is with payment links
In principle, I get a notification of payment.
have things changed?
Log in to the site and not the app?
ok, thank you
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello
Yesterday evening I launched a fut23 session
I collected some stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my draft team online
When I launched the first match, the change never happened
After waiting for 30 minutes, I turned off and turned on the console
The game tells me that I left the match, so I lost my token and now have a handicap on future matches for abandon
Can you fix it?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thanks for the feedback, I already tried it last night.
But the app tells me that I am not eligible
It's quite scandalous, I must say.
I spent 2 hours playing to get it.
Yes
Thank you
I look forward to hearing from you very soon
platforms
I haven't made any purchase and I don't have any audio books.
I bought my eReader in September.
yes, thank you
Since yesterday I have been trying to add books from my Adobe to my eReader.
but it keeps telling me I'm not allowed.
I removed all my permissions and added them back later, but nothing changed.
I followed all the steps I found on your site, but it didn't work.
the error message on my eReader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
since you authorized your eReader before, you must reimport it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it's authorized everywhere on my computer as on the reader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I've had my eReader since September.
In December, I contacted you for the same issue.
this is the second time this problem occurs in 1 year.
I love my eReader but when it causes me problems like this, I have no desire to recommend it to people in my circle.
If I follow your steps, I will lose my connection to you.
I'm on my computer
I deactivated my permissions and uninstalled Adobe.
I will restart my computer and re-download adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
I can't log in to my fut account anymore
It said too many clubs were created
While I already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account, it says account creation fut limit reached
While this morning I was able to play with this account
Sorry, my name is NAME-M
You can help me, please
Thank you
No problem
It is EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Yes, thank you.
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO LOG IN TO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
ON MY PRS-ORG, IT SHOWS A SERVER ERROR
ON THE PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
OK, IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL, BUT CAN YOU HELP ME FIND A SOLUTION TO MY PROBLEM
Okay, thanks, if the problems are due to maintenance, I'm reassured and I'll be patient.
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
A file is already open
PHONENUMBER
I want my content back that was stolen from me
or be compensated through PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, and I spend 400€ on PRS-ORG points every year, in addition to buying the game
and I was told on the phone that I would not be able to recover anything
A file is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the pirated content this morning or be compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I have been playing for 10 years, I spend 400€ in PRS-ORG points per year, and I also buy the game... and on the phone, they told me that I couldn't recover anything
How do I do it?
EMAIL
I already did the steps you're going to ask me
give you the code, change the password, etc
I just want to play futchampions with my team this weekend
and now I can't do anything
I put money into the game every year, I have been putting wages into it for 10 years and I don't have any positive feedback when I need you
I was hacked today between 9 am and 11:30 am
can you "erase" its occurrence and reset everything to this morning?
at 8am I still had my entire club
Please help me out here
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more.
For the most complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry.
A human can provide you with information about the status of your account.
I was told that the wire transfer of 1019 was rejected by my bank. I would like to know if it has been added to your system
Ok.
Sure, thanks, that's great
So I'll stay on hold, that's it
Thank you very much.
I will wait
No, thank you very much
I'll stay here until noon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Yes, I hope you have a nice day as well, I hope ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is in it
otherwise, I can repeat it
Excuse me?
Your sentence is incomplete
I just wanted to know that in the career mode, there are many haircuts, while in the pro club, there are not that many
Is it normal?
And why?
Otherwise, do you plan to add them later?
No, it's all right, thank you
No problem!
Have a nice day
I'll get back to you if it isn't done later
goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system for logging in to my account
I didn't receive the email with the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically, so it's no problem, but it's for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android
The same thing happens when I try to log in on my browser.
924311
This email is fine
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope this will solve the issue in the future
NAME-M_TEXT: I see that you are having payment difficulties due to your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, s
yes, no, I'm contacting you for something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
yes
I'm really stuck with my clients for payments
I sent my PRS-ORG
yes
the delay please
waiting time
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer, but I can't play it
it says there's too many computers
mercui
thank you
oh really?
I also bought the PRS-ORG game
In addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have any issues
I don't understand?
I have it on my PRS-ORG account
from PRS-ORG regular license
and on top of an PRS-ORG subscription
I therefore have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hello, I receive emails asking me to provide more information or provide them, thank you
I have been returning all of them by email, otherwise
sure, here is a copy/paste of the message I received
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our general terms of use (URL), a PRS-ORG profile can only be used for one and the same activity.
Please confirm us what activity your profile will be used for and please provide us with proof (invoice, facebook link...) for this activity.
If you wish to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another professional activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Regards,
Pierre
PRS-ORG registration service
I have been trying it, and it works, I'm from Plombières too, these are the products I sell on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
I send everything by the email I received, right?
yes, I sent the kbis plus Facebook link
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I contacted your services yesterday because I can't pre-download PRS-ORG. They told me that everything should be solved quickly, but it's not. I pre-ordered the game to play it tomorrow, but if I can't download it, it means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
so I would like to cancel this preorder and be able to reorder the game, hoping that this time it will work
Thank you for answering my request :)
Sure.
My email address is EMAIL
My id is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I re-preorder it now?
or do I have a delay?
Ok, thanks :)
I'm pre-ordering it now
Thank you so much for your skills :)
Perfect, thank you, the pre-download is going well!
everything works perfectly!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
I have latency in the game, while I should qualify for fgs
it's unplayable
as usual
EMAIL
Ultimate Team.
a week ago
all is well
and the players are slow when I make a pass, it arrives 5 seconds later, that's really not possible
sir it's useless
I am wired
I have a perfect connection
it was working fine 5 days ago
and now I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I assist you?
Hello
My computer is not working.
It says "transaction refused"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is this related?
How long will it take to update my profile as soon as I have the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events
Very well, I will send the documents quickly.
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
I saw that a payment was made after some time.
I bought a forbidden tale, the little gnome
I would like to be reimbursed for the mistake I made.
11.49
Yes.
There was a PRS-ORG payment of more than 9.99 on my credit card
But I unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I'm unsubscribed?
Will I be refunded for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human being.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can deal with this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it says "Shop closed"
Thank you, I managed to do it
Have a nice day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How do I change
My account settings?
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I'm French and I created a Belgian sum up
I didn't receive the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I need to delete once the Belgian account is active
can you please do the necessary
06 68 11 75 30 is my personal phone number
with which I want to receive the code
Hello, I am writing to you to express my dissatisfaction.
I've been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG and I've always loved this game.
The PRS-ORG mode is the mode that keeps me hooked since PRS-ORG 12.
I have to say that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes on.
The PRS-ORG Champions mode is the one that made me want to continue, but now it is very difficult to access... last week rank 3 had a match against rank 2, and this week I couldn't qualify for it.
I hope there will be an update soon to change the qualification in PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I think I won't play the game anymore
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello, my qualification for PRS-ORG Champions is compromised, and it's impossible for me to make up 1500 points and win 9 qualifying matches before this weekend
How?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope it will change.
I like the ultimate team mode, I like playing in the PRS-ORG champions.
Now it seems that in order to access it and get good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very big team.
I hope this changes very soon, see you soon, otherwise goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I'm not the only one so that it moves quickly.
No, thanks.
Have a good day, keep up the good fight, and I hope for a very quick update
phone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid any confusion, please make sure to ask only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills, I'll transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I'm being asked to complete my profile with a phone number, but I can't change the telo number
so it's dom tom's number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes, no problem
yes, but I'm not receiving the code
I'm asked for the verification code
but it was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I can't change the number
I haven't received any code yet
PHONENUMBER
they say I need to start accepting
I have to verify my phone number
I just started your service and there are already problems
GOOD MORNING, HOW DO I USE ALPHANUMERICID MY NUMBER
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only save one phone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
the current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Great, thank you very much
No, thank you, have a good day
I would like to speak with an agent
I would like to speak to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, Ms. NAME-F, I hope you are doing well.
I would like to change my email address.
Perfect, okay. Thank you.
No, that's all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, I'm a PRS-ORG player, I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points aren't showing up on my ultimate team account
The thing is that I recently changed the email address of my account, and put a more recent email address: EMAIL.
But my PRS-ORG account has the following email address:
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points went to the wrong account.
CD keys is a website.
The code was valid, because when I entered the 25 digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked
So, the PRS-ORG points would be on another account, is that possible?
While I only have one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code that was validated on the PRS-ORG.
The store of my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I start Ultimate Team, the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the email address for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just recently updated it
Are the PRS-ORG points active on the wrong account?
How do I do that?
Do I need to provide you with a proof of purchase?
Can't you check which PRS-ORG account has the PRS-ORG points?
speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, I'm trying to connect my store to my domain name.
The lights are green, but the status is still "not connected"
You don't understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes.
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I'm still not connected.
Does it take a while?
yes?
Ok, I got it.
Thank you.
I'll wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in on PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email it doesn't work, so I created this account, but I can't put it on the game
I called NAME-F, sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, I found it again, it's my old email
but by marking my old one, it doesn't work either, to connect to PRS-ORG
my email address linked to PSN is the same as the one mentioned, EMAIL
it does not work
so in reality, you are blocking us from playing
I don't think this only happens to me. You would certainly have to do something to change the PRS-ORG account on the game.
to have games and not use them is great
I'm not going to create a new PSN just to play, would you create multiple accounts just for one game?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... although I have made a lot of purchases
How do I get points... and what are they for?
I bought many games and kits for PRS-ORG..
and yet, for such a long time, I never received any points...
I never received points... and I never bought any.
what are they for?
I thought that I could earn points by purchasing on your site.
PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Merry Christmas to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
To speak to an advisor
via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I want to talk to a counselor by phone and I can't do it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I have one.
I'm tired of calling you every day to verify my account.
I'm cancelling its opening, I'm withdrawing and opening an account elsewhere
yes
I want to close the account
you talk about the future, I want to close the account now, not in a few days
3 weeks ago the counselor also had a high priority:)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A country estate
delivery
I logged out and logged back in, but it still doesn't open
I can't read it
Book purchased on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page.
I have to restart PRS-ORG to access my homepage
Yes, this one
That's all.
Thank you
Great!
Have a nice day
On which date was my professional account opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with any questions you have about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
I would like to know the date my professional account was opened for my tax declaration?
where can I find the exact date?
No, I opened the business account afterward
where can I find this information?
yes
It's for my tax return, I need this information!
thank you
Hello Mr.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
my password no longer works
it's the second time in two weeks
and I can't reset my password because I never receive your email...
and that I'm obliged to contact you via chat or phone to solve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again please?
124876
let's say I'm a regular now, hahaha
I was able to successfully change my password
and I can log in to PRS-ORG
thank you
thank you again and see you soon (I hope that your servers will still be able to memorize my mdp)
have a nice day!
the authentication of my cell phone is impossible
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents, but this goes beyond my virtual assistant's skills.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
yes
I can't complete the strong authentication of my current phone
I receive the text message
But the app doesn't take into account this action
no error
when I'm in the strong authentication menu
I can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Thank you as well.
Can I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently being conducted on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked yesterday
Can I still use my account while the investigation is ongoing?
Because I mainly play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying
Ok, perfect. Can you give me a deadline?
Because if you have nothing in your club, it gets complicated
Very well, thank you.
No, thanks.
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address.
I made a mistake in the content
No, the home address
I made a mistake
I am living free of charge with my boyfriend
how can I do it
otherwise I have my mobile phone bills
or insurance.
yes, I'm looking
you don't have to send me the PRS-ORG card
as long as I haven't changed the address, please
sure
I will send the documents shortly
Hello NAME-F, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
hello, I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant's abilities, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I look over your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I don't have access to this number anymore
PHONENUMBER
yes, that and how long to log in
because I can't make the payment on my account
thank you very much
no, thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Your game is starting to annoy me!
The same problem as with the last FUTChamp.
this time in my draft
Too many guys are quitting, so I'm counting this as a defeat when it's the guy who leaves
And so, I don't have my reward for 4 draft victories
and I lose my 15000 credits
And you didn't do anything about my last Futchamp where I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
You're just going to say you're going to pass the information up the chain and you're not going to do anything?
So?
No, it was him who left
I'm on a PC, not a console, and I have a 600M fiber connection
and I didn't have any micro-cut because I was on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut
It's him who left
It's just that when too many people quit a match against a player the game considers that it's him
This is a big fucking mess
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M.
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or on the web.
On the other hand, access works directly on the game.
NAME-M
Could you please help me, sir?
I'm fine, thanks, and you too, I hope
And on PRS-ORG it's ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of trying to buy credits on my first account.
So I recreated a PRS-ORG account in order to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time.
But then access was not set on this new account
I play with the Lyon team as a Lyon player in fut mode.
I really like Paqueta, he's very complete for an 81 rating.
I'm trying to get him on POTM right now
And your favorite player?
He is indeed a great player, Mbappe, you have good taste.
He is having a great start of the season with PRS-ORG
Thank you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days now and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
Okay, I'll keep having fun then.
The main thing is to have access to it on console.
But the app is very convenient for remote management.
Thank you very much, NAME-M.
Have a very nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
Pierre
Pretty simple I think
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in the gold edition.
And today I got a message when trying to install it saying: "Unfortunately, it appears that a billing problem has occurred with your pre-order"
So I go to the PRS-ORG website
And the order is tagged "processing"
I understand that PayPal was never charged
And so I change my payment method
I just want my game to be unlocked
EMAIL
I can see it, but it has the label "Preorder failure"
PRS-ORG
This doesn't change the problem
I just did that
And I still have Preorder Failed
So, you cannot re-initiate the order or something else?
Because I entered my payment method and I still don't see the problem being resolved
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG saying that I can play
I restarted PRS-ORG
I think it's enough after clearing the cache
And if I restart it, I lose our conversation
Through the chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent you messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd box, but it sends me back to the same account.
How can I do this?
Best regards.
How do you want to be contacted with one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader at €19
Yes, I would like it by e-mail.
I haven't received the case yet, but everything should be fine on Wednesday.
So when I receive it, I can set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning, saying that my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL.
Thank you
This morning's email was in French, but usually I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change it so that I have all communications in French?
Thank you
No.
At the beginning I received the emails in French, but the last ones, no.
I sent several messages to this subject without success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Good evening, I'm getting back to you because I think I've identified the problem.
I'm experiencing "lag" only on PRS-ORG and I wanted to check if there's an issue with the server
because I have indications that I'm experiencing packet losses, while I've been watching Teamspeak and haven't had any losses for the past 50 min
as you can see on this image
URL
Good evening, not much, since I am experiencing a lot of bugs and this is my last resort to reach out to you.
:(
URL here is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I don't have any sign of packet loss at the top, yet I have lags
Is it a problem with me or with the game?
Because I'm going crazy
You're going to fix this with a patch, I suppose?
But how long will it take?
Because I can't play at all under these conditions, and I can't play pro club matches either
Thank you, I hope it will be fine :)
Good evening and thank you
Good luck with this week
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry.
Your device seems to be defective.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO EXIT ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILURE
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUR INTO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S, I NEED TO ENTER MY NAME AND IBAN NUMBER. I CONFIRM
AND THE FAILURE OF THE TRANSACTION
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE MATCH
LOADING FAILED
I have a low fiber connection speed in 1mois
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
hello
I'm having trouble with my account being divided into 2
He is more hardline
and more access to my other email account
the problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or one has been changed to vinsvodoo (inverse)
It's either EMAIL
or EMAIL
I never had any issues with PRS-ORG, it's always PRS-ORG that crashes
that is
I don't have access to this email account, it's registered on Facebook but it's more than 15 years old
I once spoke to one of your colleagues, and it worked again and more
my real address is EMAIL
I'm annoyed, I knew I was not supposed to go back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG I got everything back in 1h
so you will lose money because I won't buy from you anymore
Hello,
I have a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, a problem I recently encountered.
The book is downloaded from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and installed it on my PRS-ORG eReader.
I connect the e-Reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.
I eject my reader before I disconnect it from the computer and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the reader.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears telling me that my eReader is not allowed to open this book, because I would need to allow it again with our PRS-ORG ID and reimport it.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, and so I have this permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy the book but I downloaded it from the library.
The last one, today, is N.E.O.
- Volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
I believe so.
In any case, I am connected via Wi-Fi and automatic synchronization is enabled.
I don't know when the last sync took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the permission?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the permission and reinstalled it.
I'll try again.
So far I have ADE 4.5.11. I don't understand why!
I've been using it for almost 1 year.
What are factory settings?
hello, I did not receive the payment of 3 February
I'm missing a payment
I have not received my 3 payment of February 3
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
For the most complicated ones, I'll put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for PRS-ORG?
You opted for payments on the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, this also applies at the weekend.
Attention: If the transaction you are waiting for was made before the card payments were set up, then the funds will be paid into the registered bank account and not on the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes in the payment method and frequency have no effect on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I'm missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in this case, the intervention of a human seems necessary.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thank you
Ok, thank you very much
Ok, thank you very much
no, thank you very much
Thank you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello, as you know the game star wars battlefront 2 is unplayable
no one dies1hp due to a bug or godmode hack
you've known about it for days
the game is unplayable
Hello.
EMAIL
the problem comes from you!
From servers
thousands of players are complaining and you're feigning...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the devs have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is definitely related to the server hack
thanks for the clients and the customer service
Horrible.
no respect for the players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes.
My terminal is frozen
I'm looking for a way to send payment request links to clients
I don't have this feature in my app
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Have you read my questions?
I'm looking for how to send payment links to my customers
But I don't have payments by link in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, that would really help me
I'm counting on you, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello,
I'm having trouble linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account.
Thank you
You want the email address of my PRS-ORG account, is that right?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account, I get this message:
An error occurred.
An error has prevented us from finalizing your request.
Try again later.
For the PRS-ORG rewards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait a moment while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the latest sent ID card is good.
and also how do I set up my bank account?
which one is saved?
yes, and I returned a card without any feedback
I don't have an IBAN ending in 0507
Yes.
I can't change it directly on the app
and I just sent back the ID card... it's quite urgent, though...
ok.. well I'll send you my RIB..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thanks
I would like you to help me, because I never had luck on the PRS-ORG game.
I have been playing it since I was 10 years old and I have never become a high level player.
My friend got Hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Just the other day he got NAME-M.
I keep trying to put money into the game and buy the pre-order to get 4600 PRS-ORG points, but I never have any luck.
I don't know what to do, please help
I understand, but how come my friend has all these players?
He actually got an icon in a preview pack...
Well, it doesn't matter if you can do nothing
Thank you anyway
So I'll definitely stop playing this game
Merry Christmas
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT: How do you want to get in touch with one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello,
I received an invoice via SMS and I would like to receive it by email to get reimbursed
Transaction identifier ALPHANUMERICID 146.95€
EMAIL
I don't want a refund from your company.
I just want the invoice in my email.
Thank you.
Hello, for 2 days now, I have been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase. I entered all the information, clicked on continue and register, the visa verification light is on continuously and I get no response.
I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, but I'm still facing the same problem.
What's going on?
Please reply.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I want to buy T2
Yes, but usually, it doesn't get stuck at the payment!
Why now?
What should I do then?
ok.
Thank you, I will do it right away
Regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my account, which is already blocked
I want my money in my balance, my account has already been closed
okay
Yes, but I already sent a new bank account where the money will be transferred.
Yes, I am here.
yes, I am
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account Holder
It's BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
I made a mistake and linked the wrong account to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
yes
It is linked to no account, I would like it to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I don't want that, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes, I can't unlink my account
yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, I want to dissociate them
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
thank you
Hello
My terminal is blocked, what should I do?
For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human being.
So what can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is defective.
Its security system has activated and this block is irreversible.
Since I am unable to process this type of request, I will put you in contact with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
could I have a phone number to call, please?
thanks, it will be easier for me this way.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How do I change my email address?"
”.
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the screen of the device, unfortunately it means that it is faulty.
Its security system has been activated and this block is irreversible.
I am unable to handle this type of request, I will put you in contact with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry, I have clients
I got a BK error code PHONENUMBER
Then I plugged it in and pressed the power button
I held down the boot button and released it
it went out
I have pressed invalid
Sorry, I will contact you back when I have more time, because I have an appointment with a customer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
I've been disconnected and counted as a defeat several times during team clash matches, even though I win 3 or 4-0.
it makes me lose ranks and move backwards for my team
I repeat, I have disconnections during clash of teams matches
I'm disconnected and thus lose the match, although I was winning.
it wasn't online
so nothing to do
I'm in a team clash, so it's your game that's disconnecting me...
I'm fed up with it.
I'm fed up. I play the game and I'm getting screwed over... I really feel like you don't care about players like me
not counting the times when I end up with 8 or 9 lagging players from the beginning of the match because of a bug....
Hello
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I bought "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I am disappointed by this purchase on your platform, which usually offers me well prepared books!
Therefore, I would like a refund of the 15.99€ corresponding
Thank you in advance
Best regards
EMAIL
Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1 by NAME-M, bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding.
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No, thanks, that's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I don't receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can I do it?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
les fiancées du pacifique
I'm going to try PRS-ORG
I'm connected on my computer, but not on my e-reader...
how do I reset it on my eReader?
I am not receiving an email
ok
I just tested and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my e-Reader doesn't recognize my account
There was an update last night, and I've been unable to access it since
it says: connection impossible
it seems that PRS-ORG or the internet connection is not available at the moment
but I'm on wifi with my computer to which I connected my eReader
I restarted it and it's loading...
yes!!!
It works, it just needed a little more time!
phew, thanks for your help
ok, I went into the book I bought yesterday...
have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14th and I still haven't received it...
February 11, sorry
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes, on your website.
Here is the purchase order number PHONENUMBER
The tracking indicates that since February 14 the package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I did order through this profile... I received an invoice to my email EMAIL
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But I normally use this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission of 1.49%
This one
The one I am writing to you now
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It would be simpler if we could talk on the phone
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
It's the order number shown on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello, NAME-M
Plaisir partagé!
I'm doing well, thanks, although I'm having a technical issue with the PRS-ORG game on PC
Indeed, for more than an hour I have not been able to go to the transfer market to buy a player
How is that possible?
Thank you in advance and looking forward to your response.
It seems to me that it is a security block put in place by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I'm not any of those.
That's the one.
when I access the PRS-ORG transfer market
when I try to search for the player I want
it indicates to me
"a communication problem occurred with PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
everything else in the game works except the transfer market, where I get this message and I get kicked out of the transfer market
very well, thank you
thank you for your advice
Please talk to an advisor
Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your inquiry...
What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite get that.
Could you rephrase your request?
I want to speak to an advisor
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and no longer have access to the transfer
Which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I no longer have
Do you understand?
Hello
You are the as
Yes, I'm doing it now
Yes, but it's not the old number
To which email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
I hope so too!
When I tried to start NAME-M's 24h mission, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it had disappeared, along with all its accessories.
It's no longer in my city, nor in my inventory...
No, it is on the iPad
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start NAME-M's 24-hour mission, which requires the PRS-ORG Palace, and that's when I found out that this castle is no longer in my city or in my inventory
It was this Boitingham castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but no longer the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, could you please give me a call?
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
Can you send me your email address so I can send you the identity document?
contacted me by email
I can't see your messages
Leave me a message by email, it will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
