Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via email about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my entire team has been sold and packages have been bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have currently changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified email address no longer exists.
to change my login details the, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that is the problem
PRS-ORG
by NAME-F
That's fine
Email address: EMAIL
no?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where I can do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but I did not receive it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
January 2 2021
Title of the book is NAME-M
Is anyone still here?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 Pass No. 013
This is with the payment
It is in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
This morning I bought the PRS-ORG (3 audiobooks by NAME-M, 52 euros, but I don't get them downloaded as sound files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please send a quick response, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it doesn't download anything.
If your purchase information had not been so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the people responsible for the website to update the information?
That could help me in the future, if I should order something.
Logged out on advice and logged in again, but still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the ereader
When I want to pay I am redirected to the payment method which was never like that. Very small illegible letters and then it asks, do you really want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
So, if I understand correctly
first delete everything via website
re-enter and how does PRS-ORG sync
I did it with the e-reader
I'm going to try it again for now thank you if it doesn't work I'll contact you
I'm contacting you about interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't access my account, and I also can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can't access it anymore)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or by NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, that's what I get.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link to that does not come in my mailbox.
Please take the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't get into that account or reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
Aha! I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, temporarily the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w pword.
Now it seems to work....
Yes, everything is fine!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is quite small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
Over and close.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be right?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a 1 month trial period.
Could that be the reason?
It concerns the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all is right, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
we only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Done, Write Review and Clear.
Why has this changed?
This was possible because there are articles about it on the internet.
Then in this case the trial period has failed.
i can't open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I'm being kicked out every time.
I can open the other books.
It's only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!it works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read nicely.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon now
Meanwhile
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw that today
What about PRS-ORG points I bought from PRS-ORG at microsoft store?
Because when I contact them they say I need to contact you.
I want a refund
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's talk first about the PRS-ORG points purchases
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I've been working on it for years and would very much like to proceed/have it resolved.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please do, then we can see if I can also get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
Already a few times, but then it still doesn't work.
Created a 2nd account, it works.
I noticed that my account NAME-N...URL is blocked?
Do you still want to reset it?
Yes, after a password reset, it worked now, thank you so much!
I'll check if my game is there now...
But my game is not in it.
Can you help me with that?
Oh, I do see my orders in the history.
Great, let me continue.
Thanks!
No, in browser
I can do it now, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I subscribed to PRS-ORG for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on "try again" I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Rebooting the Playstation does not solve the problem either
Re-downloading the app doesn't work either
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only I don't get that discount automatically yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG starting from September 22.
Won't I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, as you get 10% discount for having an PRS-ORG subscription, I don't get another 10% discount for having an PRS-ORG subscription, even though that should be the case
How do I contact them about this?
And on September 22, I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I would like to have my date of birth changed
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave him a bad bad review .
You, on the other hand, I'm giving a good one.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
Everything is going well, thank you.
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, I did have that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it hasn't opened yet.
I've played a lot of matches already and that's also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches it still hasn't been successful
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have tried all sorts of things.
After that I ordered another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
Have already tried everything.
After that, I bought another book and it worked fine
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's there
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find it anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
bought my first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates on sneakers.
I've been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
How do I get my ebook on it?
As long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and got an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hi, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have tried several cables and laptops, but everywhere the same.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about this?
Thanks in advance for the reply!
Regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use the account for that
Then I have the right version?
Is there then another reason why I can't connect it to the PC?
Ereader has been reset in the meantime, but he still does not make contact with laptop.
The reader shows that it is connected indeed and it also loads, but the laptop keeps saying that access is refused.
USB device not recognized...
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried a lot of things (other / new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories of other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
Title of a book is 'if you are so smart, why are you not happy?'
thanks NAME-M, have a nice day too.
I will find out as soon as you have found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not the cable
other computers also do not recognize my e-reader
I already cleared the drivers and followed different advices I found on the internet
I use the cable provided, and have even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that either
My proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other way anymore
I just don't know if I want to go back to an PRS-ORG, my trust in PRS-ORG has fallen a bit because of this, I notice.
tried factory settings as well.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the USB ports could still be an option
But contact with PRS-ORG seems like a better idea to me, because I don't have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves.
thanks.
I quickly looked, but that's not in it.
the usb ports work perfectly.
I will contact PRS-ORG.
thanks for your input
thank you NAME-M
no, I will continue with PRS-ORG
Have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 days Dutch was the most recent ebook
good evening.
I'll wait.
I anticipate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after purchasing.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of e-books that will remain visible before I have to archive them, if I have to at all?
102 e-books via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my plus subscription.
So I assume that a few troublesome e-books will still remain visible on my PRS-ORG?
Hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still receive a refund.
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days later now and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need.
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my 30% discount code was not working
she indicated to just make the purchase and then I would receive 30 euro back within a few hours
unfortunately I haven't received anything on my account yet
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes fine.
Only I am surprised that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would already be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a rough indication of when it will be credited, I will be more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit.
I am completely new and have purchased all the new e-books of goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 business days that is clear.
So by next Thursday at the latest
Thanks, you have helped me well and good evening
Great, I'll fill that out.
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says that I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
Ok
But I can download other books for free, such as PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
those 15 books are per month.
I have to remove read books.
I read on a e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don't see any repair.
done
I still pay for recommendations.
I know not everything is in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you would think you can download it without cost.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't get him loaded.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I have not deleted anything
And this is true for all of my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I just can't get it loaded.
It says: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however I did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress, of course.
I don't know if I understand it at all.
So I start a new game.
Then I save it.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, a bit of patience.
Typing is taking a long time
In order to play certain games, I need to log in with an PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it's already in use.
That's right, there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will see if I manage.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honorable mention David/numbersup NAME-M.
I of course wanted to take this NAME-M.
But because I first checked his player details my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness so I have difficulty seeing which pick I indicate anyway.
Especially since I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I'm getting really bored with this now.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but I don't think it mentions the player's name there?
I did take a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
I just find it very remarkable that I'm on NAME-M, viewing his player bio.
I go back and then press X to choose this player, the choice suddenly changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter. Although I have to admit that when selecting and selecting 'yes' again, the mistake was definitely mine.
But by then the 'bug' or oddity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate
Yes you can do that.
And what could be the consequences of this?
Okay
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
ringing from NAME-M
I have just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I did see that my subscription expired on March 14 2018...!
Then tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
Apparently my subscription was terminated somewhere because the financial information was not correct ...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit was made.
Not that I know of....I bought the e-reader in August 2017 and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 a month.
After six months, it turned out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don't ask me how that can be... but 1 subscription has been canceled.
Then I dutifully paid every month with the credit card.
the last debit was on December 14th.....
December 14 2020
So reactivate it at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that .... thank you for your help .... if it doesn't work I'll get back to you!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I'm trying to buy the book "PRS_ORG".
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
Can you make sure it comes to my account?
thank you
Okay.
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
That must be him
It is in my account
thank you!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but everything will be fine
thanks for the help
no, it's fine this way
thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, wasn't I?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the ereader device?
I don't know.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that there is URL listed.
That's right.
And on the reader, in settings (so the device), EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should also be changed to EMAIL .
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, is it important that PRS-ORG is also listed on the e-reader device.
I don't understand.
Should I sign out of the old email address on the device at settings/accounts subsection PRS-ORG.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I also have to sign out of the pocket section?
And at Adobe, after authorization, I withdrew the old email address.
Will it change automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digibeet
And do I risk losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is still visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did get this book
Enclosed please find proof of my payment.
Thanks for your reply.
These are the two books.
See above photo
After all, you can see in my account that I did not get those two books
- Date on which the costs were charged: June 7, 2023
Amount: €24,98
- Postal code (of the billing address on the bank statement), our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details in the pictures below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of credit card holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book by the seventh sister on May 6th at 8:05pm, but I can't synchronize it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and it's not listed in my account on PRS-ORG rekruten.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and a puppy before that.
I can't find the date directly
Yes.
Look for it a bit..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I'll do that.
I found the book!
:) Super thanks for the quick help!
No, it's not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I'm NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Did you see my screenshot?
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't change this, I have tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I have been experiencing this for quite some time.
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot with my status.
It remains on gray and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG packs (PS4) but I would like to play them on the pc.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the PC myself.
But I hoped to be able to use my account at both places.
It's a shame (unfortunate) if I have to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that might be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere ...
Hopefully in the future.
Thanks for your reply, and have a good evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to sign in now but I can't do this.
The verification code that has been sent is also going to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I don't receive an email.
*Not even unwanted
I have already tried that, but I have not received any email.
When I want to create a new one I get a message that there is already an account on that email address
But can I create a new account at the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from the DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (dad) I am sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
sure.
The code is PRS-ORG
It was years ago, I think at a toy store
Newly bought in any case
That's good, I'll wait a moment
This does not seem correct to me.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because installing it on the PC at home does not work.
So we have not yet reached entering the code.
This week I bought a stand-alone DVD player especially for this game!
I'm going to try that.
Do you want to wait a bit?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and cannot get the game installed, which we bought new ourselves.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG would have something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Have a good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription through URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that it will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled before the renewal, which is why the reminder is invalid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already canceled this one, before the renewal.
But now I am getting a payment reminder for the period for which I had already ended
Yes, by e-mail, NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription, I don't have anything else running
PRS-ORG Reading &amp; Listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€12.99
but I had already canceled it before this period
Ah okay, they referred me back to you again.
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
I understand
no, that was all
Thanks, still working
Yesterday I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG, it has also been debited, but I have not received an ebook.
Ordered by telephone.
But when I log in to my phone or on my e-reader both of them are not there, I have gone through all the steps like turn off etc etc
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my e-book is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going fine
If I leave the chat, is it gone?
I have mobile banking on my phone.
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 card no. 014
It's on it!
Thank you very much.
Greetings and wish you a very nice day
Hello, I have a e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official hoejse with which it automatically goes into sleep mode when he closes.
I have used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I opened it afterwards (it has not fallen, moved and nothing has gotten up on it.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked weird.
In sleep mode, the top is still visible, then in strips and triangles, part of the book can still be seen, the cover, and somewhere it still says "94% read".
There are also vertical stripes visible.
If I turn them off (15 sec) it remains visible, when I turn it back on something changes on the screen as if it is going to start, but the explained image at the top remains continuously displayed.
What can I do and how can this happen after only a year??
Hello
EMAIL
And I think it's a PRS-ORG
Excuse the late response.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has already rested, I've already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, oh that's strange.
I'm sending it to you now as a PDF, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased e-book has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Great!
Thanks.
Question: This happens every time, however.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
By the way, the book is in!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
And have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will do it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
According to the login tab, my account cannot be found
Which is very unfortunate because there is quite a bit of money in it
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account is no longer existing
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M that must be something you know, man.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes so you guys have put Knock out city free but I paid for it there.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back?
Hello?
No, I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I had to get in touch with you.
Yes, okay, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I didn't get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't access the web app now. Can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what happened to me
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I enter webapp from 23?
But I've played PRS-ORG for years, just not 22.
You have all the information as far as I know.
Hmm then my friends will have a head start because they can use the web app earlier, I doubt if I will be able to get it then
hmm too bad there's nothing that can be done, so I'm not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that is called that
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
correct is in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
Is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I will try that
thanks in advance
coming well, wish you the best too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oops I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link in my email, but apparently I started a new chat.
In fact, I had the problem that I did not get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end, I had to delete my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Really?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I'm from Belgium as well).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to e.g.
Pre-loading since September 21.
But I can't add it.
This is due to the fact that I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the gaming sector regarding purchases.
Because e.g.
in Belgium you cannot purchase PRS-ORGs due to those new laws.
I just want to make sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I am paying for it.
that PRS-ORG just for that..
Okay.
I'll see
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone in person.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been passed on to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by telephone, please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times.
Without result...
I'm really getting discouraged
Thanks, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there any other phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just encountered something weird, I don't understand.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
It is no longer in my library
how can this happen?
That's right, but I just logged in to PRS-ORG and there I see it.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I think I only have PRS-ORG, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see that
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Hello.
Things are going well, but I'm really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address is linked to it and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can start all over again now and I am an avid amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently there is therefore a strange email address, as can be seen in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had good security with 2-step verification, I've already changed my PSN password.
Only the PRS-ORG account I can't get into, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had previously contacted you about my problem.
However, I received a phone call, which caused my contact to terminate the call.
But now I'm back!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke with made sure that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just says "loading" with a clock
My question is, can you help me to get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime I see that there is no more loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
That is enough for me.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thanks, and continue working on them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I've been waiting for more than a week now, and I wondered how long this will take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wasn't going to take that long.
Can you check how much longer?
Because I keep being told to wait but no time indication
1 week was said that is now 1 week
And you can't see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'm assuming this now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being resolved
PRS-ORG
Spoke
Was never told very unprofessional so?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So, I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
I have to wait
And do nothing but wait
Ok bye, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I forgot my password.
I have been logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything.
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via the mail or?
The linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
Yes, that's right, over the years I have created a new email address and forgotten to change it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
I reboot
It turned out that the package I got out of that sbc was quickly sold
And of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradable
Yeah, I would just like to have my price out of that sbc.
I also added photos of what the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is supposedly EMAIL
or else my old one which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on PC I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I have tried everything on the internet, but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I haven't been able to play it yet
and I would like to play but this is not possible
Okay
Thanks for your help I'll just wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1, and they have not been deposited into my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in, nothing helped
I am afraid that I have lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay and then
But they say to contact you
Okay, thanks, I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but since it has become crossplay now I have purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I just want to start on ultimate team with the web app only I automatically come to my PRS-ORG playstation account what I don't want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now I have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app
Thank you
no I never played pc with PRS-ORG I am busy pre-loading PRS-ORG
Ok, so it's because I've never created an ultimate team on PC?
If I do this, will I be able to use the web app fully when the game comes out?
oh, crap that I'll be losing a lot of coins now :(
it is clear for me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question regarding an update of a previously open request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that time it was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours.
This was last tuesday.
Now, the question was whether there was possibly an update since I still have not received a response/compensation or the like for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
The past week indeed stated every day that the status is updated and remains in progress.
Of course, it is a bit annoying, but you yourself don't really know exactly what still needs to happen or how far they are in that
Hopefully yes indeed, the desire to play the game has been much less this week
In any case, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
i can no longer access division rivals
I can't access the server all the time.
but created a new PS5 account and it works on it.
the same for all my friends they can also still play rivals
I've already done a restart and all the help that's online.
but unfortunately, nothing
and it's been like this all day so i won't be able to get any rewards tomorrow either
Correct
Great!
Thank you very much in advance
I did get a market ban, I'm currently already considering it, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals?
okay so it's not weird that another account can be on rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
okay great, I'll do that!
thank you in advance!
but I don't have to worry about my divisions?
that just comes back in order?
are we sure about that?
Great, you are already thanked!
Have a nice evening and see you!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat and he disconnected.
My controllers have a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2 which makes it hard to play.
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if I can still do something about this; whether my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I can possibly use something from a memory card or something; which allows the game to play at normal speed.
I look forward to hearing from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game, the image is "delayed," so when I want to turn the car right, there is a certain delay in it.
So you'll get to, for example,
ends up hitting the guardrail instead of the road
Also, do you know how I can see this?
Ah those are pretty high now (you mean screen mode etc?
Oh super, thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And otherwise, I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and kindly.
Thanks
Hi, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but it cannot be opened on the e-reader.
How can I fix that?
EMAIL
I think it's February 14th.
Oh no, I see 15 February.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice.
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it fails please contact us.
Okay, I'm going to get to work on it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday, I purchased two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
Got them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the ereader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in dfe purchases.
Discussed with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crossroad works.
I'll check the second book as well.
Does it too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thanks!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was definitely half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I subscribed for 10 euros per
month.
At the moment I don't need that, but it is completely unclear to me how I can end it.
I have been searching endlessly several times already.
Yes.
I think that's very nice.
Maybe I'll come back to pp after some time, but I'm not using it for the time being.
Very nice!
And it was dealt with smoothly.
Thank you…
No, fine like this.
Again, thank you and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I cannot open them, I get a message that this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
5 January
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try it, thank you hope I get out of it
Thanks have a nice afternoon
Yes I am a computer illiterate it may take a while
Great, it works. Thanks.
No, have a nice afternoon, NAME-M
There is a dash through the light symbol and I can't get rid of that.
Also can't find out how to do that.
Please help me.
EMAIL
no
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something on it
That did not help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there no easier solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I put a lot of time and money every month
Without message and reason, my PRS-ORG account has been blocked for PRS-ORG mobile
A request was created yesterday, but now it says "resume" with that request, so I am curious if that will go well.
Yes
I'm very disappointed about this because I'm now missing all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I have done nothing wrong, my confidence is gone and I actually plan to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued to play while my items and FP points were not credited due to PRS-ORG's glitches.
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they made yesterday?
And that you then have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long is that going to take?
I'm pretty much done with it, not talking about you, but about the situation.
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I find that too risky, suddenly a block is put on it.
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up soon
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day too.
See you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so I could \
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so I have to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it is really so
I just can't send proof
Sorry sir.
looked wrong
it's EMAIL
That's it
sorry for the mistake
Alright
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have previously contacted you because my account was hacked.
That has now been fixed.
However, the hacker sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and they said they could help to restore this
The hack sold 4 soccer players.
My son has now bought them back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I'm explaining it all properly, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the time before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague.
That number is PHONENUMBER.
Yes, my son plays that
No, that is not necessary
The problems caused by the hack have already been resolved.
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but then the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
My old email address was EMAIL but I want to change it to EMAIL
My account doesn't need to be recovered, just my email address please.
Great, I received a code via my email. Can I use it now to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thank you very much!!!
Good morning, On Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file".
I have done synchronization several times but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
recovery, purchase through the site
I'm busy with that now, but it takes a while I see, I have to look for a wifi password.
If it doesn't work that way, I'll report back.
Sure, I will try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can continue.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the ereader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I cannot access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I don't get into her account.
Nobody knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account?
So remove information from EMAIL and enter it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address), her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't get into it?
By the way, I was able to change that on the e-reader yesterday.
I can't find that information anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, does it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
That will help me a lot
You're a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All right.
Thank you.
Take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my PRS-ORG login, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up my login.
link copied to browser and then I can't proceed with nw ww settings, how does it work further?
EMAIL
nothing is in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
Okay, I'll stay online.
exactly
Then I get into the PRS-ORG help screen.
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
Then I come to the PRS-ORG Help screen reset ww account
Yes, I'll do that now.
Done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much for that.
now I'm going to see if I can find a list of free e-books on PRS-ORG
thank you again for your help
PRS-ORG can't open purchased ebook.
It is on the device, but it says it cannot open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it but it doesn't open it.
also via URL placed directly on the device does not help either
EMAIL
how do I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
fine
I don't have the option to sign out of PRS-ORG
okay I have done
Bought and paid for an audiobook.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
It was the case last time too
EMAIL
Today, not even
I did not get the last purchase, no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and enter my details
The name of the book is NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
This is not the first time.
That's my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person has not yet received it but I have already paid 20 euros.
I have also not received a confirmation.
Can you investigate what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has indeed been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it. Thank you. Have a nice weekend.
Ordered 2 books last night - because of error paid 2 times - 2 x 10 euro and nothing received, seems to me not to be correct, please help me with this
EMAIL
the last was January 16, 2021 and last night's purchase of the 2 books, so February 7.
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale from 2 for 10 euro
I bought the latter 2 last night
Coming up
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases.pdf
URL: URL
Type: Application/pdf
Size: 70643
have to cut and paste a bit
Top books are in
thanks for this great service
We get happy again
No my day is good again thanks again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of security policies
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 card no.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is on it now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
