Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
You closed the thread before I could answer
Ok
I just told you I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to your PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG site is as follows:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
So you're affiliated with them
this is why you are the best able to manage this refund
But since you're affiliated
you can manage this for me
yes
I will ask them and get back to you if necessary.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
my problem is that my account
fut is linked to my PRS-ORG account
while I would like to bind it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes it is
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so i would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
Yes or retrieve my PRS-ORG companion team
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello
I just launched a Champions match and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I could even send you an image
you are the
nn
I'm playing a match against champions, and the match is frozen on the opponent's team.
EMAIL
For your info, I'm still in the game with the opponent's team, I don't want to leave the game, because I'm afraid of losing the game
but if I quit the game I won't lose any points, right?
it's ok, I didn't miss the game, have a nice day
thanks for your help
Hello,
For two days, whenever I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
You see an error message: server problem.
EMAIL
Audiobook: PRS-ORG's confessions.
Ebook: L'Abbaye des Cent Péchés
My phone in general.
Then I can synchronize it on the eReader.
Except for audiobooks, which I listen to on my phone
Damn!
What is it?
Good.
You'll think I'm being very silly but, until before yesterday, everything was working fine.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to look for this VPN?
I will try to do as you advise.
If this does not work, I'll come back to you.
Good evening!
Best regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I used this morning one of your colleagues to recover an account
I reset my email, everything is ok and it is working
however, I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
And I have to report to a counsellor apparently
As I'm very afraid of not being able to access my account again, I'm a little bit panicking
yes i'm just wondering why they're asking me this when i've already reset the email, and now everything works fine
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid that we'll go back to having to reset our email when I don't need to
So thank you, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello, all. I had a problem with my account. my game code was already in use, but I got the right account. The problem I'm having is that I want to install it by downloading it, not with the CD because I don't have too much internet and a bad connection, which is causing me problems
how do I make it install from the CD
because of that i have 1 day of download time
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
he downloads it directly
without the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I opened my account and I put the CD in, it started to download it
or its so he wants to download it to install it
yes, I need 1 day of download time because of the poor connection
I want to install it from a CD and not from a download
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our representatives?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By telephone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello!
I wish to receive your emails in French, not in German.
is this possible?
what's more, I received emails stating that my account had been checked, but 3 months later..
Yes.
I have the French language on my dashboard.
But I receive all the communication in German
Yes.
super, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I assist you?
Hello NAME-M!
I wanted to order a terminal earlier, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information?
I tried to go back to remember the price but I can't find this information later.
No, I'm on the support page.
(everything is in Italian which does not help haha)
Okay, very well, then I'm making a new order!
That will be all for me!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we uploaded all the documents
thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the midst of the inauguration and it is no longer working
yes I have to re-download
I just did it
I replied to the email
please do something soon
this is a major loss for us...!
for you too..
ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I connect you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
hello
I submitted an application to change my IBAN number, and I would like to know when the application will be effective?
it is a business account for a company
yes i am here always
I'm writing to you from the profile I created.
I do not understand.
how should I procede then?
I sent an email to EMEMAIL on Friday
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M sent me a message with a payment that I did not make
You have just paid 21,00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
The automatic rejections for ****  PRS-ORG were deactivated.
You can re-activate them when you buy from a PRS-ORG merchant next time.
Nn
Can't remember
Did my nephew ever pay with the phone, maybe as a payment for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal is having serious connection problems.
The connection type “3G mobile data” has been enabled, but even when we go to the office, the connection fails.
Moreover, the battery level changes from second to second, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to get a new terminal.
Would you please do what is necessary?
I thank you for your collaboration and send you my best regards.
The number is:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the address:
Municipal community of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be charged?
Or is it free?
I thank you for your efficient and good collaboration.
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by e-mail at the address EMAIL or telephone at PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and best regards.
No, this is perfect as it is.
Thank you so much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
yes
I have a concern about the transfer limits
I need to pay €158,100 to my notary.
for the acquisition of a piece of forest land
I've just learned of the ceiling levels
for the moment I have €59,975 in the account which I would like to transfer as soon as possible to the notary.
I refer to the transfer limit for the pro account
I am also expecting 100,000€ in a bank account that I was supposed to receive
these days
and I should make a second transfer of 98 125 €
I can forward you the notary's fund call to prove all of this.
I wanted to fire away €59,975 yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 pm
Yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits, because you can't code a game.
I started a draft during the first round, 0 minute into the game, the opponent was in the dark and I took the lead
My first name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes in the meantime, I even made a new draft to see if it was me who was bugging
hey?
But is this a joke??
well, you are useless in fact, you are just incapable, what, as always, when I have to deal with you
it's always the same thing, fuck me well, I can't do anything for you
so I will have to deco 1h of the game and I would have maybe a draft token??
so in addition to making me suck, I can't play the game 1 hour?
You are geniuses keep it up, you're on the right track
yeah like always there's nothing to do thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?”
".
Also, to avoid confusion, please only ask one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has still not arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Ok.
I'm afraid I can't access your payment frequency.
However, you can consult it from your account settings: URL.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Okay, thank you
So, is it going to be that today or tomorrow?
Yes.
Okay, I will wait then.
Everything is good, good courage to you
I would need a panel for my living rooms
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
sign displaying the PRS-ORG
i wish to speak with a human being
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite catch that.
Could you please rephrase your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello, I would like to know if it is possible to receive a small badge with the text PRS-ORG on it
and that my clients can pay by credit card
no
it's not his fault
when I was at the market I had a small sign that said that people could pay by credit card
but it was stolen from me at the last fair
I was wondering if you could send me another
a display
Please
if possible 3, that can stand on my stand
not those who glue themselves
Mme Vozel Amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 Saint-André-de-Lidon
no, you're kind, thank you, have a good day
Hello, the payment links do not work
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid confusion, please also be sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello, I am NAME-F, NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are concise and clear, for example “How do I change my email address?”
”.
Remote collection
I am sorry.
Could you tell me what type of transaction it was?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,Pay with my payment terminal,Remote clearing,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties may occur for different reasons.
To determine which one applies to your situation, I need to connect you with a human colleague.
One quick moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please hold while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link doesn't work, it's asking me for a terminal each time I create a link
Yes I tried to send a link but it doesn't work so I made a QR code with a €300 code
I don't understand why the links don't work
Could you tell me why, I have no answer
Yeah, thank you, I think I made a mistake.
Thanks for your answer and quick reaction
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hi my name is NAME-M
I am contacting you because PRS-ORG has withdrawn 950,000 credits from my PRS-ORG ultimate team
For reasons that I don’t know because the credits I had were earned thanks to players I had in the packs, I sent the pictures
And by buying and selling.
I'd like to retrieve my credits, it's a huge amount of money!
I contest the penalty!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
Email: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I never did anything illegal!
As for the rest, I earned it myself.
And PRS-ORG has taken everything away from me!
And when I go into my ban/suspend history, I don't have anything listed
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never broken PRS-ORG rules
Yes, thank you, because this is a huge amount of money!
Thank you
So I don't do anything anymore?
I'm just waiting for a response via email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I sent photo evidence before starting this dossier with you
I don't know if you have access to this?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thanks, so I encountered a problem for the 2nd time in online draft mode on PRS-ORG
indeed, I have 300 PRS-ORG points (which, I guess, means money) so I've decided to start a game
and as soon as I log in, I'm logged out
probably cheaters
but it's the 2nd time since I've started doing drafts
and I'm beginning to get fed up with getting ripped off like this
I would like a refund of points
ok thank you.
no problem
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you're not fixing this issue
then you're going to reimburse me
I paid
and I lost money
so now i want a refund
this is not normal, your game players are losing money because of cheaters
and you don't reimburse?
Find a way to reimburse me.
I will not leave without my reimbursement
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do i have to pay an additional yearly subscription when it's already valid on playsation
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so, in short, the problem is PRS-ORG
the PRS-ORG subscription is multi-platform?
if I have a subscription via p^laystation it must be valid in PRS-ORG?
or not?
no, you do not understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but more valid on PRS-ORG
Greetings and Happy New Year 2021,
I can no longer log into my PRS-ORG account online at all, the resetting of my password does not work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG username, it tells me that there is already an account with this username.
However, since my e-reader, downloads work normally.
Could you help me?
Sincerely.
EMAIL
No, as I can no longer log in to my account, but I just found 2 small bills from February 18, 2020
I bought my eReader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it works; my last two paid purchases date back to 16 February 2020, the amounts are the same as on my statement.
That should do it, I just logged into Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your homepage.
Matter settled, thank you for your help and have a nice Sunday.
merci, just a suggestion to buy: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder, but from the recent new pocket edition, so it will be cheaper than the full edition released in 2018.
This is good for me.
Have a good day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I can't play the PRS-ORG game
I can't update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas hello and thank you for your help
the PRS-ORG game was already rejected the first time, today we are trying again and it's the same problem
I tried on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one s consoles, with no result
yes
I also tried to reset the console to factory settings, but to no avail.
unable to update 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
pardon
When I go to manage the game and check for updates, there are none available.
yes this has been going on for 4 days with this error code
there is a problem with the update when we try to put the game back on the console it gets stuck
ok, thank you
{ChatWindowButton:With chat,by phone}
Through the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help your situation...
Hi my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I asked, via email, that a "former employee" email address be deleted so that I could reuse it with another account.
Your colleague replied that it was not possible, although it had been done for another address the day before.
I received no response to my 2nd message.
So I'll have to get some news quickly?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thanks, I got all the answers I expected.
No thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can deal with this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M
hi robert, I can't make an online payment
transaction failed
Your upload request failed or was cancelled.
It is really urgent if possible to treat the problem today, thank you
No, thanks.
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
as usual every month despite the fact that i have reclaimed my twitch prime pack
I did not receive it in the game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the address EMAIL
and in spite of the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS prime account, I have the impression that there is always this problem with two separate email addresses each time
Well, yes, I asked to recover it, and it said "recovery successful".
so the problem is yours and not mine
and the previous months, the person I had via chat generated the pack for me
thus, I think it's more of a problem of competence
I haven't logged into the console
Only in the application
OK, thank you.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Via chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 11:00 PM it was impossible to trade.
I sent my ID and my registration extract at around 5 PM yesterday
My commercial registry extract
Can you re-enable transactions before 9:00?
You need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents as a direct request in my profile.
Yes
Ok, I'll call you back at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other parameters that would need to be adjusted?
human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello,
Hello my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
i would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if we could buy the sum up 3g without the printer
because the price is very high
i want a second cvarte pro
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
Send me the link, I cannot find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
What about...?
nothing
Hello, my last book, "ces biens essentiels" is malformed.
It becomes unreadable towards the end: superimposed characters and off-centre accents.
It's too inconvenient, I would like a refund, thank you.
I resumed this chat started too late on Sunday evening, and so I went to sleep.
EMAIL
"those essential goods" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is deformed or if the problem is only with my e-reader...
I can take some pictures, but not right away.
For me it's on page 294 but this varies according to the size of the font.
In any case, it's about 75%
Willingly, because then I will not be available for anything else.
It fits me perfectly, thank you
Thank you, have a good end of service.
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
talk to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F. I'll need you to wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
Hello NAME-F, a customer paid me via link and I don't see their payment
URL
but in debt with the bank.
yesterday
It says 'accepted' on my transactions...sent on my links...but not paid
ah ok thank you, how come it didn't happen immediately, like I'm used to with payments through a link
as soon as the payment is made i receive notification of the deposit
has things changed?
reconnect to the site and not the app?
ok, thank you
good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello
Yesterday evening I launched a fut23 session
I have collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my draft team online
During the 1st game, the change never happened
After 30 minutes of waiting I switched off the console and turned it back on
The game tells me that I've left the game, so I've lost my token and now I have a handicap for future matches due to quitting
Can you fix that?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thank you for this feedback, I already tried it last night.
But the app tells me that I am not eligible
This is quite a scandal I have to say.
I spent 2 h on the game for that.
Yes.
Thank you
I look forward to hearing from you very soon
platforms
I didn't make any purchases and I don't have any audiobooks.
I bought my Kindle in September.
yes thank you
Since yesterday I have been trying to add books from my adobe to my liseusse.
but it always says I'm not authorized.
I removed all my authorizations and set them up again and nothing changed.
I followed all the steps that I found on your site but it didn't work.
the error message that I have on my e-Reader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (drm).
If you authorized your reader before, you must re-import it using PRS-ORG Digital Editions (ADE)
but it is allowed everywhere on my computer and on the e-reader
I already have a PRS-ORG account
I've had my reader since September.
I contacted you in December about the same case.
so, in a year, I'm having this problem twice.
I like my e-reader, but when it causes me problems like this, I have no desire to recommend it to people I know.
if I follow your steps I'm going to lose my connection to you.
I'm on my computer
I deactivate my permissions and uninstall adobe.
I will restart my computer and reinstall adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
I can no longer log in to my fut account
He said too many clubs have been created
While I already played PRS-ORG with this account.
When I launch the fut mode with my account, it says account fut creation limit reached
While this morning I could play with this account
Sorry, my name is NAME-M
You can help me, please.
Thank you
No worries
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Yes, thank you.
I have not been able to sign into my pré-org account since this morning.
IT SHOWS A SERVER ERROR ON MY IPHONE
ON THE PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG INTO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
OK C IT'S NOT THAT SERIOUS BUT CAN YOU HELP ME TO SOLVE MY PROBLEM
OK, THANKS. IF THE PROBLEM IS DUE TO MAINTENANCE WORK, I'M RELIEVED AND I'LL JUST HAVE TO BE PATIENT
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
An existing case has already been opened
PHONENUMBER
I would like to have the contents I had pirated returned to me
or compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, I put €400 of PRS-ORG points per year aside, in addition to buying the game
and on the phone I was told I couldn't get anything back
An inquiry is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to have the content I downloaded this morning removed, or be compensated in PRS-ORG credits.
I've been playing for 10 years, I put €400 of PRS-ORG points per year in addition to buying the game... and I was told on the phone that I couldn't get any of it back
What should I do in that case?
EMAIL
I have already done the procedures you are going to ask me to do
give you the code, change the mdp, etc.
I just want to make it to the finals this weekend with my team
and I can do nothing
i put money into the game every year, I've been paying salaries for 10 years and so far, I've received no positive feedback, the only time I need you
I got hacked today between 9am and 11:30
can you "undo" that and make things go back to how they were this morning?
at 8am I still had my whole club
Save me the tip please
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more.
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in contact with a human being.
So what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
Hi, my name is NAME-M, thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry about it.
A human can let you know the status of your account.
I made a transfer of 1019 euro, but I feel like my bank has rejected it. I would like to know if it has been added to your system
Ok.
Ok, thank you, that's great
So I wait and see, that's it
Thank you very much
I'm still waiting
No, thank you very much
I'll wait until after noon.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm having a good day, I also hope for you ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is in it
otherwise, I can repeat it
Sorry?
Your sentence is cut
I just wanted to know, in the career there are lots of haircuts, while in the professional club, there aren't that many
Is that normal?
And why?
Otherwise, do you plan to release them later?
No it's good, thanks
Don't worry!
Have a nice day.
I will get back to you if it is not done afterwards
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
NAME-M
I have a concern about the verification system to log in to my account
I am not receiving the email containing the security verification number
After I entered my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On PRS-ORG, my account is automatically validated, so no problem, but this is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android
The same happens when I try to log into my internet browser.
924311
This email goes through without any problem
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope that I won't have any more problems
NAME-M_TEXT: I see that you are having cashflow difficulties due to your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss this?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, i
Do you like it? No, I'm contacting you about something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M, PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
support
yes
I'm really stuck with my customers about the payment
I sent my PRS-ORG
Yes.
the deadline please
waiting time
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer, but I can't play
he told me that there were too many computers
mercui
thank you
Really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I should not have a problem
I do not understand??
I have on my PRS-ORG account
de PRS-ORG normal licence
and a PRS-ORG subscription
I have therefore 2 PRS-ORG licences
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
Hello I'm receiving emails asking me to provide more information or provide it, thank you
and besides, I have sent back everything by email,
sure here is a copy paste of the message received
We would like to inform you that, as specified in our general terms of use (URL), a PRS-ORG profile can only be used for a single activity.
Please confirm what activity your profile will be used for and provide us with proof (invoice, Facebook link, etc.) for this activity.
If you want to use your PRS-ORG terminal for another business activity, you will have to create a second PRS-ORG profile.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
Best regards,
Peter
PRS-ORG Enrollment Service
I go to the fair and take a walk, I'm from Blois, that's why I'm posting these products on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
I sent all of it via the email I received, right?
Yes, 'jai envoyer kbis plus lien facebook
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't pre-download PRS-ORG, I was told that normally everything should be sorted out quickly.. but it's not the case, I pre-ordered this game to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, that means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
so I want to cancel this pre-order and that I can re-preorder the game hoping that this time it works
Thank you in advance for your favorable reply :)
Of course.
My email address is EMAIL
My idea is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I re-order it now?
or do I have a delay?
sure, thanks :)
I would recommend it to anyone now
Thanks a lot for your competences :D
Perfect, thanks, the preloading is working!
everything works like a charm!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I have latency in games, and yet I am supposed to qualify for fgs
this is inadmissible
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
everything is okay
And when I pass the ball, the players are so heavy that the ball arrives 5 seconds after the pass. It's just impossible.
it's no use, sir
i'm logged in
I have a perfect connection
it's been 5 days, walking fine
and there I can't do anything
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My device is not working
It says "transaction declined"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is this related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have uploaded the documents?
I need the terminal as soon as possible this weekend
I have 2 big events
Very well, I will send over the documents quickly.
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
There was a time when I knew a payment was made
I bought a forbidden tale, Little Bo-Peep
I would like to be reimbursed for the loss.
11.49
Yes.
I paid more than 9.99€ with PRS-ORG
But I am unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed?
Will I get reimbursed for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated, I can put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you, NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT: Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with any questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business.
When I click on the link, it says "Shop closed"
Thanks I succeeded
Good day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to edit
My account settings?
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,By phone}
How would you like us to contact you?
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello I'm French and I created a Belgian sum up
I'm not receiving the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I have to delete once the Belgian account is active
please do what's necessary
06 68 11 75 30 this is my personal phone number
I wish to receive the code with
Hello, I am contacting you to express my displeasure.
I've been playing PRS-ORG10 on PRS-ORG and have enjoyed the game throughout.
The PRS-ORG mode is the one that kept me on edge since PRS-ORG 12.
It has become obvious to me that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes by.
The mode PRS-ORG Champions is the one that made me want to continue, but now it’s very difficult to access... last week, rank 3 had a match against rank 2, and this week I couldn’t qualify.
I hope for an update very soon for the change of qualification in PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I think I will stop playing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Good morning, not too much with my PRS-ORG Champions compromise qualification, and I'll never be able to make up the 1500 points and the 9 qualifying games before this week-end
How?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope things will change.
I like the ultimate team mode, I like to play in PRS-ORG champions.
It looks like to access it and have good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very large team.
I hope that will change soon, otherwise, farewell, PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I'm not the only one so that things can move quickly.
Not at all, thank you.
Have a good day, stay strong and I hope for a very fast update
telephone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are concise and clear, for example, “How do I change my email address?
".
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please do not ask more than one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your telephone number at any time.
Note: you can register only one telephone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond the skills of a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Austin.
I am being asked to complete my profile with a telephone number, but I cannot change the number
so it's a dom tom number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be at PHONENUMBER
yes, no worries
yes but the code doesn't arrive
I am asked for the verification code
but this one was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screen shot if you want it
yes, but that's the WRONG number
and they won't let me change my number
for now I didn't receive any verification code
PHONENUMBER
they tell me to start receiving payments
I need to check my phone number
I just started using your service, and there are already problems.
hello how does alphanumeric my number
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are brief and to the point. For example: “How do I change my email address?”
".
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for the Air terminal) can be installed on several smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number exceeds my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my telephone number
the current number is the PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it for PHONENUMBER
please
great, thank you very much
no thanks i wish you a nice day
I would like to speak with an agent
I'd like to speak with an agent
NAME-M_TEXT: Happy to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I connect you with an agent who can help you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello Ms. NAME-F, I hope you are doing well.
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay. Thanks.
No, it's fine.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi, I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player. I entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points. My points are not displayed in my ultimate team account.
The thing is I recently changed the email on my account there and put a newer email: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is as follows.
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points will go in the wrong account.
CD keys is a website.
The code was good because when I entered the 25 digit code on the PRS-ORG store it worked
The PRS-ORG points would be on another account is that possible?
I have only one PRS-ORG account
I correctly entered the 25 digit code that was validated on the PRS-ORG.
Remove my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I launch utimate team, the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL but the one for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just updated it recently
Are the PRS-ORG points being credited to the wrong account?
How do I do this?
Do I have to return to you for a purchase?
Isn't it possible to check which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are on?
talking to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hi my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to take care of your situation.
Hello, I am trying to link my shop to my domain name.
All the lights are on but it still shows as "not connected"
You don't understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes.
I added the DNS entry, and the lights are green.
but I'm still not logged in.
It takes a little while?
yes?
Ok, got it, noted.
Thank you
I will wait then.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I cannot log into PRS-ORG
it tells me that i already have an account, but when i enter my email, it doesn't work, so i created this account, but I can't log into the game
I am calling NAME-F, I'm sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, I remember it was under my old email
but by marking my old one it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
my lie PSN email address is the same as this one, EMAIL
this doesn't work
so, in fact, they block us from playing
I don't think that's happening to me, but if I do, I'll have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game
having games and not using them is great
I won't create a new PSN account just to play the game, you won't create multiple accounts just for one game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M
I still only see 0 points... although I have made several purchases
How can I get points...and what are they for?
I've bought a lot of games and kits for the PRS-ORG.
and yet, it's been such a long time that I never received any points.
I have never received any points...and I have never bought any...
what are they used for?
I believed that one could earn points when purchasing through your site..
The PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Merry Christmas to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?
’.
Speak to an advisor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our representatives?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation.
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,By phone}
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I would like to speak to an advisor on the phone but I can't get through
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I have it.
I'm tired of calling you every day to verify my account.
I cancel its opening, I withdraw and open an account elsewhere
Yes.
I want to close the account
you talk to the future, that's now I want to close the account not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also set a high priority:)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A campaigning part.
delivery
I logged out and logged in again, but it still won't open
Can't read
Book bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page e
I am obliged to relaunch PRS-ORG to access my home page
Yes, it's this one
That will do.
Thank you
Great!
Have a good day
On which date was my professional account opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I’m NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the more complicated ones, I put you in contact with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am NAME-F, I did not quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
I would like to know the date of opening my business account for my tax return.
where do I find the exact date?
no, I opened the pro account afterwards
where can i find this info?
yes
It's for my tax return, they ask for these information!
thank you
Hello sir
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I can't log in with my password
that makes two in two weeks
and I can't reset my password as I never receive your email...
and that I'm obliged to contact you via chat or telephone to solve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again please?
124876
they will say I am a regular now hahah
I was able to change my password successfully
and I can log in to PRS-ORG
thank you
Thanks again, and until next time (I hope your servers will still be able to memorize my MDp)
have a good day!
I can't authenticate my laptop
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry NAME-M, I did not understand.
Could you please reformulate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents, but this goes beyond my duties as a virtual assistant.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
yes
I can't perform the strong authentication of my current phone
I get the SMS
But the app does not take into account this manipulation
No errors
When I'm in the strong authentication menu
phone cannot be validated
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Thank you very much also.
Do I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently being carried out on my PRS-ORG account because I got hacked yesterday
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I mainly play on PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is rather annoying.
That sounds perfect, you have no deadline for me?
Because it's complicated when you don't have anything left in your club
Very well, and thank you well
No, thank you
Hello,
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I want to change my address
i made a mistake on the content
not the home address
I made a mistake
my boyfriend gives me free lodging
how can I do
otherwise I have mobile phone bills
or insurance
yes I'm looking for
don't send me the PRS-ORG card
as long as I haven't changed the address, please
ok
I will send the documents soon.
Hello, I am NAME-F, NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How do I change my email address?
’.
To avoid confusion, please ask only one question at a time.
hello, I would like to change my personal number
So what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air device) can be installed on different smartphones.
As changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I'll transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER, I no longer have access to this number
PHONENUMBER
yes it does and log how long after
because I can't make the payment into my account
Thank you very much.
no thanks to you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Your game is beginning to swell me!
The same problem as the last futchamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys just leave so that counts as a defeat, even if it is the guy who leaves
So, I don't have my reward of four draft wins.
and I'm losing my 15000 credits
Even if you didn't do anything to my last Futchamp, I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
You will say again, I will forward this information and then you will do nothing?
So?
No, he was the one who left
I am on a pc not a console, I have fibre 600M
and I did not have any tiny cuts because I am using PRS-ORG at the same time and it did not cut
It is he who leaves
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player the game considers that it is the player
It's crap
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M.
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market in the app or on the web.
On the other hand, access works directly on the game.
NAME-M
Could you help me please sir?
I'm fine, thank you, I hope you are too
On the PRS-ORG, Alor is ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of trying to buy credits on my first account.
So I recreated an PRS-ORG account to be able to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time.
Except that in this case, the access has not been set up on the new account
I'm playing with the Lyon team while being a fan of the future Lyon.
I really like Paqueta, he is very complete for an 81 rating.
I'm making the decision to have it as POTM right now
And your favourite player?
Mbappe is a really good player. Good taste.
He is making a very good start of the season with PRS-ORG
Thank you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days and unfortunately, nothing has been done yet
Okay, I'll just keep enjoying myself then.
The main thing is that you can access them on the console.
But the app is very practical for remote management.
Thank you very much NAME-M, anyway.
I wish you a very good day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, can I ask you your first name please to start?
Hello,
Peter
Quite simply I think
I've preordered BF 2042 on October 6th in Gold edition
And today I got a message while trying to install it saying: "Unfortunately, it seems that a billing issue has arisen with your pre-order"
I will go then on the site PRS-ORG
And the order is tagged as “processing”
I notice that paypal has never been deducted
So I'm changing my payment method
I now want to have my game unblocked, simply.
EMAIL
I can see it, but it is marked "Pre-order failed"
PRS-ORG
This does not change the problem
I have just done the manipulation
And I still have Pre-order failed
So you can not relance the order or something else?
Because I filled in my payment details and I still don't see the problem being unblocked
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG telling me that I can play
I restarted PRS-ORG
I think that is sufficient after clearing the cache
If I restart it, I lose our conversation
Through chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent messages on this topic.
I just ordered a 2nd unit, but it redirects me to the same account.
What should I do?
Best regards,
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,By phone}
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait a moment while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader for €19
Yes, I want to, by email.
I have not yet received the case, but everything should be in order for this Wednesday.
So when I receive it, can I set it up with a different account?
I got an email this morning, saying my order was on its way.
My email address is EMAIL.
Thank you
This morning's email was in French, but I usually receive them in Dutch.
Could you change it so that I have all communications in French.
Thank you
So no.
At first I received emails in French, but the latter ones, no.
I sent several messages to that effect to no avail.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Good evening, I am writing again because I think I have identified the problem
I'm "lagging" only on PRS-ORG right now and I wanted to see from my account on the server if there's a problem or not
because I have signs like I have packet losses even if I check on teamspeak and I have no loss for the last 50 min
as you can see on this image
URL
Good evening, I'm here because I'm having a lot of problems, and this is my last attempt to contact you.
: (()
URL here's one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no sign of lost packets at the top although I do have quite a few lags
Is this a problem that comes from me or the game?
Because I'm going crazy
You're going to fix that with a patch, I suppose?
But how long will it take?
I cannot play at all in these conditions and not at all in a pro club either
Thanks to you, I hope it'll be ok :)
Good evening, and thank you
Good courage for this week
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry about that.
Your device seems to be defective.
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO UNINSTALL ALPHANUMERICID; FAILED TO LOAD
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I put you through to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
YES I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUROS TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S TO HAVE RECEIVED MY NAME AND IBAN, I ACCEPTED
and the transaction failed.
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S JE REGARDE LE MATCH
LOADING FAILED
I have low fiber speed in 1mois
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello
I'm finding myself bothered with my divided account into 2
j is more hardline
and more access to my other email account.
the problem is I have two accounts on EMAIL
or a was changed into vinsvodoo (inverse)
either EMAIL
either EMAIL
with PRS-ORG jamias of problems every time it is PRS-ORG who bugs
which is to say
I don't have access to that mailbox, it's registered on Facebook but it's over 15 years old
I once talked to one of your colleagues, it worked and everything was fine
my real email address
it irritates me, I knew I had to not come back to PRS-ORG
With PRS-ORG I retrieved everything in 1h.
so you lose money because I no longer buy from you
Hello,
I'm having a major issue reading books I downloaded from the library, an issue that has popped up recently.
The book downloads from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.
I connect the reader to my computer so that I can retrieve the book; the content is imported.
I eject my eReader before disconnecting it from the computer, and I briefly see on the eReader the cover of the downloaded book.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears telling me that my reader is not authorized to open this book because I should allow it again using our PRS-ORG ID and re-import it.
In the settings, I have correctly PRS-ORG with my email address, and so I have correctly authorized.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy a book but I download books from the library.
The latest one is today and that's N.E.O.
- Volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
I believe so.
In any case, I'm connected to wi-fi and automatic sync is enabled.
I don't know when the last synchronization took place.
The date and time are correct.
How might it affect the permit?
I tried again before contacting you.
I have uninstalled the permission and the trial.
I'll try again.
Right now, I have ADE 4.5.11 I don't understand why, right now!
I've been using it for almost 1 year now.
What are factory settings?
hello, i did not receive the payment on february 3
I'm missing a payment
I did not receive my 3 payment on 3 February
Hello, my name is NAME-M, and I am a virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
I’m here to help with any questions you have about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
For the most complicated cases, I put you in contact with a human being.
So, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
You have opted for payments on the PRS-ORG Card.
So, the funds you collect are available on your card from the day after a transaction, this is also true for the weekend.
Important: If the transaction you are waiting for has been made before the card payments have been enabled, then the funds will be paid into the registered bank account and not to the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to payment methods or payment frequency have no effect on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I have missed a payment,Payment Settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hi, my name is NAME-N. Please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in which case I do think a human's intervention is necessary.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thanks
Ok, thanks a lot
Ok, thank you very much.
no thanks a lot
thanks to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, as you know the Star wars battlefront 2 game is not playable
No one dies1hp due to a bug or hack godmode
I've known about this for days.
the game becomes unplayable
hello?
EMAIL
the problems come from you!
Servers
thousands of players are complaining and you make believe?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the developers have given up on the game... and PRS-ORG is certainly a server hack
thanks for the customers and after-sales service
shoddy
no respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello,
Yes
My terminal is locked
I'm looking for how to send payment request links to customers
I don't have that function in my app
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I'm trying to send payment links to my customers
But I don't have the link payments in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
That would really help
I am counting on you, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
I have a problem linking my PRS-ORG account) to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
Do you want the email from my PRS-ORG account, is that it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
An error has occurred.
An error has prevented us from finalizing your request.
Try again later.
For the PRS-ORG rewards
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the latest ID card I received is good.
and also how to set up my bank account?
which one is logged?
yes, and I sent a CI back without getting anything in return
I don't have an IBAN which ends in 0507
Yes.
I can't edit it directly on the app
and I just got my identity card back... it's still quite urgent...
ok... good bh, I'll send you my bank details
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thank you
I would like you to help me out, because I have never had any luck playing PRS-ORG.
I've been playing there since I was 10 years old and I've never been a big player.
My friend bought him Hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack and I had NAME-N... just the other day it was NAME-M.
I may have put money into the game, purchased the preorder to get 4600 PRS-ORG points and I never get lucky.
I don't know what to do. Please help me.
I would like to hear that, but how come my friend has all of these players?
Besides, it had an icon in a previews pack...
Well, too bad if you can't do anything
Thanks anyway
So I will probably stop playing this game
Thanks and happy holidays
via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I received an invoice via sms, I would like to receive it by email so that I can get reimbursed
transaction identifier ALPHANUMERICID, 146.95€
EMAIL
I don't want to be refunded by your company.
I just want the bill in my email.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days now I have been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase. I entered all the information, I clicked continue and register, the visa verification light is on continuously and there is no answer.
I uninstalled the app and installed it again, but the problem persists.
What is happening?
Please answer me.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I would like to buy T2
Yes, but usually, this does not stick with the payment!
Why now?
What should you do?
ok.
Thank you, I will do it immediately
Best regards
Hello NAME-M,
I want my money back in my account which has already been blocked
I want my money in my balance, my account is already closed
daccord
ok, but I have already sent a new bank account or the money will be refunded
yes i am here
yes i'm the one
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account Holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I got the wrong account linked to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
Yes.
It is linked to no account, I would like it to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, but I don't want that, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes I can't delete my account
yes but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I cannot do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG competition, I would like to dissociate them
I've just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
merci
Hello
my terminal is blocked what should I do
For the most complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human being.
What can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message shows on the device screen, unfortunately, it means it is faulty.
Its safety system has been triggered and this blockage is irreversible.
Since we are unable to handle such requests, I will connect you to an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes.
could I have a phone number to call, please
merci for me it will be simpler.
Hello, my phone is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example “How do I change my email address?
“.
Also, to avoid confusion, please ask only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When the device shows this message, it means that the device has failed.
Its security system has kicked in and this blockage is irreversible.
Since I am not able to handle this type of request, I will refer you to an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a second please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry, I have customers
i got an error code bk PHONENUMBER
then I plugged it in and pressed the start button
I held boot then release to boot
he has died
I have invalid bk
Sorry, I will get back to you when I have more time, I have a client appointment.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
this is the several time I get disconnected and counted as defeat when I win 3 or 4 to 0
it makes me lose places and thus make progress for my team
I repeat, I have disconnections during team clash matches.
I was logged out and thus lost the match although I was winning that match
this was not online
so nothing in common
I am from Ivory Coast so it is your game that makes me sick.
degout
I'm sick of this, I'm playing along and being scammed... I really think that you don't give a damn about players like me
not to mention the times when I find myself at 8 or 9 hours before the beginning of the match because of a bug...
Hello
I bought yesterday the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1" by NAME-M but I can't read it on the PRS-ORG: none of my usual font sizes are accessible, the text is too small and the print quality is poor...
I am disappointed with this purchase through your platform, which usually offers me very well-prepared books!
I would therefore like a refund of the corresponding 15.99 €
Thank you in advance
Kind regards,
EMAIL
Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
1 of NAME-M purchased yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you.
Good day to you
No thanks, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I do not receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
what can i do?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
The fiancées of the Pacific
I will try PRS-ORG
I'm connected to the internet on my computer, but on my eReader...
how can i reset it with my printer?
I didn't receive an email.
ok
I just tested it and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my reader doesn't recognize my account
there was an update last night and I have not been able to access it since
It said to me: impossible to connect
it would appear that the URL or the Internet connection is not available at the moment
except I'm on the Wi-Fi with my computer and I connected my eReader
I tried again, and it is loading...
yes!!!
it's happening, he just needed a bit more time!...
thank you for your help
ok, I picked up the book I bought yesterday...
have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on 14 February, but I still haven't received it.
February 11, my apologies
Here's the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes on your website
Here's the number for the PHONENUMBER order form
Following up indicates that since February 14 the package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
Still I ordered through this profile... I received an invoice on my email address EMAIL
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But normally I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission at 1.49%
This is it
The one that I'm currently typing on
Is there a phone number I can call to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It would be easier in writing
But you should have an order under the PHONENUMBER
It's the order number shown on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
Everything is going well, thanks, despite the fact that I am experiencing a technical issue with the PRS-ORG game on PC.
In fact, for more than an hour I haven't been able to access the transfer market to buy a player
how did that happen?
Thank you in advance and look forward to your response.
I believe it is a security block put in place by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I am not one.
This is it.
as I go to the transfer market of PRS-ORG
at the time of launching the search for the player I want
it points out to me
"an issue occurred with the PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
everything else in the game works except the transfer market or it gives me that message and kicks me out of the transfer market
very good, thanks
thanks to you for your advice
Please talk to an advisor.
Glad to see you again NAME-M!
Please hold on for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
NAME-M, I'm sorry, I don't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
I want to speak to a counsellor
Hi, my name is , please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I can no longer access the transfer
Which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I'm no longer
Do you understand?
Hello?
You are the ace
Yes I am right after that
Yes, but I’m not the old number
What is the email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
And I hope you too!
While trying to launch the 24h mission for NAME-M, I realized that the castle from PRS-ORG that unlocked it had disappeared along with all its accessories.
He’s no longer in my town or in the inventory...
No he is on the ipad
No.
The game has started.
I wanted to start the 24-hour mission of NAME-M that asks for the palais de PRS-ORG and that's when I found out that this chateau is no longer in my city or in my inventory
It was Boitingham Castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I've got NAME-M, but no more the castle or its accessories.
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I am not able to check my identity, then I will contact you.
for its verification
Thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
can you send me your email address so that I can send you the ID card
contacted me by e-mail
your message doesn't show up
leave me a message by email it will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
