Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via email about my PRS-ORG.
After all, my whole team has been sold and packages have been purchased without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified e-mail address no longer exists.
in order to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
van NAME-F
That's fine
Email address: EMAIL
no?
what should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where I can do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but did not receive it.
Can anyone contact me?
EMAIL
January 2 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pass no.013
This is with the payment
It's in between there.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, at €52, but I can't download them as sound files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please reply quickly, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it doesn't download anything.
If your information at purchase was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the people responsible for the website to correct the information?
That could help me in the future, if I should order something.
I just logged out and logged in again on the advice, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy it from the ereader
When I want to pay, I am redirected to the payment method which was never the case. The letters are very small and illegible and then it asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
first delete everything via website
re-enter and how to sync PRS-ORG
I do it with the e-reader
I'm going to try again, thank you for now, if it doesn't work I'll contact you
I will contact you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I can't reset the password either.
EMAIL (but I can't get in anymore)
NAME-F's PRS-ORG.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, that's what I get.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for that does not come to my mailbox.
Please take the history of the interaction along.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't get into that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being, the entry via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w pword.
Now it seems to work ...
Yes, all right!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is quite small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
Over and close.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a 1 month trial period.
Could that be the cause?
The following purchase is concerned: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all is well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review and Clear.
Why has this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about it on the internet.
Then the trial period has failed.
I can no longer open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I keep getting kicked out of it.
I can open the other books.
It's just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on an PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!It works again.
Thank you
No.
I'm going to read a book.
Thank you.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon now
Now
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG I saw today
What about PRS-ORG points I purchased from the PRS-ORG microsoft store?
Because if I contact them they say I should contact you
I want that money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's talk about the PRS-ORG point purchases first
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Contacted the helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I have been dealing with this for years and would very much like to continue / have it solved now.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, I would like that, then see if I can also get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times already, but then it still doesn't work.
I created a 2nd account, it works.
I was hoping my account NAME-N...URL was blocked?
Want to reset again?
Yes, after a password reset it worked now, thank you so much!
I'm now checking if my game is on it too...
But my game is not in it.
Can you help me with that?
Oh I can see my orders in history.
Great, I'll keep looking.
Thank you!
No, in browser.
I can now, thank you very much again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I subscribed to an PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on “try again” I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Rebooting the Playstation does not fix the problem either
Re-downloading the app doesn't work either.
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only that discount I don't get it automatically yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22nd.
I still need the PRS-ORG hub for that, right?
So when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get 10% discount by doing so, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription while that should be the case.
How do I contact them?
And on September 22, I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to have my date of birth changed
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You have helped me.
Not your colleague.
I gave him a bad bad review.
I'll give you a good one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
I'm fine, thank you.
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, I did have that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after so many matches played it still hasn't worked
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I cannot find the book.
I have already tried everything.
After that I ordered another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have tried all kinds of things.
After that, I ordered another book and it worked well.
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It is there
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find it anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
Bought first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I've been trying to get it all day on the new e-reader...
PRS-ORG??
How do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have already tried several cables and laptops, but it's always the same... it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a malfunction.
I also can't perform any updates or synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use the account for that.
Then I do have the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
Ereader has been reset in the meantime, but still he does not make contact with laptop.
The reader says that it is connected and it is also charging, but on the laptop it says that access has been denied.
USB device is not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
already tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
Title of a book is 'If you're so smart, why aren't you happy?
thanks NAME-M, have a nice day too.
I'll let you know when I find my account.
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers also do not recognize my e-reader
I have already emptied the drivers and followed several advices that I found on the internet
I use the supplied cable, and have even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that either
My suggestion is to send it back, because I see no other way anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my trust in PRS-ORG has dropped quite a bit because of this I notice
tried factory settings too.
this problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting USB ports could still be an option
but contact with PRS-ORG I find a better idea, because I do not have confidence that we will solve this ourselves
thanks.
I looked quickly, but it's not in there.
the USB ports work perfectly
I will contact PRS-ORG
thanks for the brainstorming
thank you NAME-M
no, I will continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
as well
ebook
365 days Dutch was the most recent ebook
Good evening.
I'll wait.
I'll ask my question now: I've downloaded and saved 103 ebooks so far.
I had deleted some purchases shortly after purchase.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of e-books that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 e-books via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don't have an PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read via my plus subscription.
So I assume that some obstructive e-books will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get money refunded
November 1 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days further and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take your time.
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my 30% discount code was not working
she indicated to just do the purchase and then I would receive 30 euro back within a few hours
unfortunately I have not received anything on my account yet
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
I just wonder why you will refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a rough indication of when it will be credited, I will be more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
I am completely new and have purchased all the new ebooks of goblin slater
Okay, 3 to 5 working days that's clear.
So at the latest next Thursday
Thanks, you've helped me very well and I wish you a nice evening
Great, I'm going to fill that in
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
OK
But I can download other books for free, such as PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Those 15 books are per month.
I need to remove books that have been read.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Rebuild?
I don't see repair.
done
I still have to pay for recommendations.
I know not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you would think you can download it for free.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer.
however, I did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress, of course.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't load it.
It says: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game is saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
However, I have not deleted anything
And this is for all my saved games.
I can start a new game.
But then, of course, I lose my progress.
I don't know if I understand it at all.
So I start a new game.
Then I save.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Sem
Yes, just a moment please
Typing takes a long time
To play certain games, I need to sign in with an PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That's right, there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was created automatically by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will see if I can manage it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice of UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honorable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
I of course wanted to take this NAME-M.
But because I checked his player details first, my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness, so I already find it difficult to see which pick I indicate.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I'm getting really bored with this.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but I don't think there's a player name there?
I had taken a photo to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if this can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
Just find it very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, view his player bio.
I went back and then pressed X to select this player, but suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter, even though I gladly admit that when selecting and selecting 'yes' again, the mistake was mine.
But by then the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate this
Yes you can do that.
And what could be the consequences of this?
Ok
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
ringing of NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I saw there that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018...!
Then tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that my subscription has been terminated somewhere because the financial data was incorrect ...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit was made.
Not that I know of.....In August 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After six months it turned out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... I don't know how that's possible... but one subscription has been canceled.
Then I paid faithfully every month with the credit card.
The last debit was on December 14th.....
December 14, 2020
So activate it again at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that....thanks for your help....if it doesn't work I'll get back to you!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I tried to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
Can you make sure it comes into my account?
thanks in advance
Ok
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be it
it's in my account
thank you!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but it will be all right
Thanks for the help for now
no, it's all good
thanks!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, wasn't I?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL, the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will soon expire.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know that.
I just see in my PRS-ORG account that URL is listed.
That's right.
And on the e-reader in settings (so the device) EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should also be changed to EMAIL .
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, is it important that it is also mentioned on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I don't understand.
I have to unsubscribe from the old email address in the subsection PRS-ORG settings/accounts on the device.
And then?
What do you mean by my e-mail address NEARBY?
Do I also have to sign out of the pocket section?
And in Adobe, it now says withdrawal after authorization with the old email address as well.
Will that be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digibeet
And am I at risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did get this book
Attached is proof of my payment.
Thanks for your answer.
These are the two books.
See photo above
Surely you can also see in my account that I did not get those two books
- Date on which the costs were charged: June 7 2023
Amount: €24.98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details on the pictures below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- name of the credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book van de zevende zus (the seventh sister) on the 6th of May at 20:05u, but I can't synchronise it with my PRS-ORG ereader and I can't see it in my PRS-ORG rekruten account either.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and the puppy before that
I can't immediately find the date
Yes
Look it up for a bit..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I will do that.
I found the book!
:) Thanks a lot for the quick help!
No, it is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem?
Did you see my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status stays on gray.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I cannot connect to the servers.
I have been experiencing this problem for a long time..
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot of my status.
It remains on gray and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have purchased PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on pc myself.
But I was hoping to be able to use my account in both places.
It's a shame (frustrating) if I now have to start all over again.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that can be done in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your reply and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to sign in now but I can't do this.
The verification code that is sent also goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I am not getting an email from that.
*not even with unwanted
I have already tried that but I don't receive an email from there.
When I want to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account on that email address
But can I then create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (dad) here with NAME-F (daughter)
certainly.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Bought new in any case
That's fine, I'll wait a bit
This does not seem correct to me.
The code is not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because at home, installing it on the PC is not possible at all.
So we haven't gotten to entering the code yet.
I bought a stand alone DVD player just for this game this week!
I'm going to try that.
Will you please wait?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hi NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and can't get the game installed that we bought new ourselves.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still had something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription was canceled before the renewal, so the reminder is not appropriate.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already canceled this, before the renewal.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already canceled
Yes by email NAME-N, from URL
Besides this subscription, I don't have anything else running.
PRS-ORG Read &amp; listen, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I had already canceled it before this period
Ah okay, they referred me back to you
But I will contact them again
Thanks for the effort.
I understand
no, that was it
thanks, still working
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG and it was also debited, but I have not received an ebook.
Ordered via phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my e-reader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps as in turn off etc.
EMAIL
20 and book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The e-book that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going fine
If I leave the chat, is this gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 Pass number.014
It's on it!
Super thanks.
Best regards and have a great day
Hello, I have a e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year yet.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official hoejse with which it automatically goes into sleep mode when it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I opened it (it has not fallen, has not moved and nothing has gotten on it.
It also didn't get wet) the screen looked strange.
There is a sleep mode in the upper part, then there is a part of the book, the cover, to be seen in stripes and triangles, and somewhere it still says "94% read" vaguely.
There are also vertical lines to be seen.
When I turn them off (15 sec) then it stays visible, when I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going to, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how is this possible after only a year?
Hello
EMAIL
And I think it's a PRS-ORG
Excuse the late response.
Attached is a photo of the screen.
The device has already rested, I've already reset it, etc. But it continues to show this without any reason.
Good evening, ah that's strange.
I'm sending it as a PDF now, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased e-book has not appeared in my library again.
Would you like to add it?
Fine!
And thanks
Super!
Thank you.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
Book is in by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG next time.
Thanks for the info.
And have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account can no longer be found according to the login tab
Which is very unfortunate because there is quite a lot of money in it.
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
Or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M, you should know that, buddy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Yes, so you guys put Knock out city free but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euros.
And now it is free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I had to contact you.
Yes, ok, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I didn't get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't log in to the web app now, can you grant my account access to the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I then in web app from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years, only not 22.
You have all the information right?
Hmm, then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the webapp earlier. I'm not sure if I'll get it then.
hmm too bad there's nothing I can do, then I'm not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight
My name is NAME-M
I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that is called that
I log in via Facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
correct, in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
Is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I'll try that
thanks in advance
comes well, best wishes to you as well
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
In fact, I had the problem that I couldn't get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
Eventually, I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store in Belgium (I am also in Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to
They could pre-load it as early as September 21.
But I can't add it.
Is this due to the fact that I live in Belgium and Belgium has amended certain laws in the gaming sector regarding purchases?
Because e.g.
In Belgium you can't buy PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to make sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I'm paying.
that PRS-ORG especially for that...
Okay.
I'll see
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone in person.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I've already communicated thousands of times that I haven't committed any violations.
This has been passed on to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I'm really getting desperate
Thank you, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there any phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about it...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this issue...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just experienced something weird, I don't understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
Is no longer in my library
how can this be?
That's right, but I just logged into PRS-ORG and I can see it there.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see it
EMAIL
No, fine like this.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi my name is NAME-M
Hey.
It's going well but I'm pretty bummed out.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can start all over again now and I am a dedicated amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
So there is currently a strange email address, as shown in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it properly secured with 2-step verification, I have already changed my PSN password.
I can't access the PRS-ORG account only, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem earlier.
However, I received a phone call, which caused my contact to disconnect the call.
But now I'm present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I didn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to must have made sure that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just stays with a "loading" and a clock
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was all!
Thank you and continue working on them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players sold
I've been waiting for more than a week now and I was wondering how long this is going to take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wasn't going to take that long
Can you check how long?
Because I am always told to wait but no time indication
1 week was said, now it's been 1 week.
And you can't see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I'm assuming this now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But I'm not getting this
PRS-ORG
Say
That was never told to me, very unprofessional so?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Waiting
And just do nothing and wait?
Ok bye, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to, and I have forgotten my password.
I have been logged out of my account, so I can't do anything now
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via email or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
Yes, that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
I restart
It turns out that the package I got out of that sbc was quickly sold
And of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradable.
Yeah, I would just like to have my prize out of that sbc.
I also added photos of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is I think EMAIL
and otherwise my old one, which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc, I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I tried everything I found on the internet, but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I haven't been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but it doesn't work
Okay
Thanks for your help I'll just wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
May I ask your first name?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1, and it was not deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in, nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Please can you help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay and then
But they say contact us.
Okay, thanks, I will do so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear Sir/Madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but now that it has become crossplay, I have purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start on ultimate team with the web app only I end up on my PRS-ORG playstation account which I don't want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (pc) account for ultimate team
now i have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG that are no longer linked to each other and now i can no longer log in to the webapp
thank you
no, I've never played PRS-ORG on pc, but I am in the process of pre-loading PRS-ORG
Okay, so this is because I've never created an ultimate team on the PC?
So if I do this when the game comes out, I can fully use the web app?
well damn, I'm missing a lot of coins now :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question regarding an update of an already outstanding request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that time, it was said that a specialized team was going to investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was just whether there was a possible update since I still haven't received a response/compensation or the like for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
The past week there was indeed an update every day that the status is updated and remains under consideration.
Of course, it's a bit annoying, but that you yourself don't really know what exactly still needs to happen or how far they are in that
Hopefully so, the desire to play the game has been much less in the past week
Anyway, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I can't access the server at all.
But I created a new PS5 account and it works on this one.
same for all my friends, they can still play rivals
I've already done a restart and all the help online.
but unfortunately nothing
And it's been like this all day, so I won't be able to get any rewards tomorrow either.
correct
Great!
Thank you in advance
I did get a market ban, but I'm already considering that, but this shouldn't be related to rivals?
Okay, so it's not strange that another account can access Rivals?
Can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
Okay great, I'll do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
But I shouldn't worry about my divisions?
that it will just come back in order?
Are we sure about that?
Great, thank you very much in advance!
Have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat, but he disconnected.
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I've reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2 making it difficult to play
Where can I find the controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if there's anything I can do about it; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I possibly can use something from a memory card or something; which allows the game to play at normal speed.
I look forward to hearing from you, thank you in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay.
So you will be faster in e.g.
the guardrail ends up on the road instead
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah, those are pretty high now (you mean screen mode, etc.?
Oh great, thank you!
No, I think you've answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thank you.
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it can't be opened on the e-reader.
How can I solve this?
EMAIL
I think it was February 14.
Oh no, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work please contact
Okay, I'll get to work on it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
Received them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in the purchases.
Discussed with a colleague of yours earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And still no result
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint does it.
I will also check the second book.
It also does.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Other than that, I'm going to read a book.
Have a nice evening.
account
That's certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look back.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among others, the handbook.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euros per
per month.
I don't need that at the moment, but it is completely unclear to me how I can cancel it.
I have been endlessly searching several times already.
Yes.
I find that very nice.
Maybe I will come back to PP some time, but I am not using it for a while.
Very nice!
And dealt with smoothly.
Thank you…
No, that's fine.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took the PRS-ORG subscription through PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I can't open them, I get a message that this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'll try it thank you I hope I can get it to work
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes I'm a computer illiterate, it may take a while
Great, it works, thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the little symbol of the light and I can't get rid of that.
I can't find how to do that either.
Please help me.
EMAIL
No.
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something on it
That didn't help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Isn't there an easier solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I spend a lot of time and money every month.
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without message and reason.
A request was created yesterday, but now it says "resume" with that request, so I'm curious if that will work out well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I am now missing all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I didn't do anything wrong, my trust is gone and I actually plan to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued to play while PRS-ORG's outage caused me to miss my item and fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they made yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay and how long will that take?
I'm pretty much done with it.. not you, but the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see, but my trust is gone.
spent 500 to 750 every month and I think that's too risky if suddenly a block is set on it
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up quickly
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day too.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I created a new email on the PRS_ORG app, allowing me to access it.
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so I have to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
Well it's really so
I just can't send proof
sorry sir
looked wrong
it is EMAIL
That's it.
sorry for the mistake
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has since been resolved.
Only the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help to restore this.
The hack has sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought them back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I explain it all right, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I have received a reference number from your colleague.
that number is PHONENUMBER
Yes, my son plays that.
no that's not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been fixed
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but then the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
My old email address was EMAIL but I want to change it to EMAIL
My account does not need to be recovered, just my email address please
Great, I received a code via my email, can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great, thank you so much!!!
Good morning, On Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
Something may be wrong with the file.
I have done synchronization several times but unfortunately it does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open it, PRS-ORG
correct
downloaded via the site,
recovery, purchase via the site
I'm working on it now, but that takes a while, I see, I have to look up a wifi password.
If it doesn't work that way, I will sign up again.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can proceed again.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have my mother's e-reader.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So remove information from EMAIL and enter on a new account
Yesterday I changed the address details to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't really understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't get in there?
That I could change yesterday on the e-reader.
I can't find those details anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, does it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link them to my own account?
That helps me a lot
You're a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All right.
Thank you.
I'll take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot the PRS-ORG, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up the ww.
link copied to browser and then I can't continue with nw ww setup, how does it work further?
EMAIL
nothing is in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
Okay, I'll stay online.
Exactly
then I get into the PRS-ORG help screen
I had hoped to create a new ww through the link in the email.
then I come to the PRS-ORG help screen reset the ww account
Yes, I'll do that now.
Done
I was able to change the password, thank you very much for that.
now I'm going to see if I can find a list of free ebooks on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG can't open purchased eBook.
it is on the device, but it says it cannot open this document.
rebooted and downloaded but it won't open it.
also placed directly on the device via URL does not help
EMAIL
How can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
fine
I do not have the option PRS-ORG unsubscribe
Okay, I did
Purchased and paid for an audiobook.
Nothing in the library.
Went something wrong.
Was also the case last time
EMAIL
Today, just now
I did not get the last purchase, no
Last time too.
Then I had to make a payment and enter my details
Book by NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
That's my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person has not yet received it but I have already paid 20 euros.
I haven't received a confirmation either.
Can you find out what goes wrong.
EMAIL
The last gift card is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has indeed been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it. Thank you. Have a nice weekend.
ordered 2 books last night - paid 2 times by mistake - 2 x 10 euro and received nothing, doesn't seem right to me, please help me with this
EMAIL
the last was 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books, so February 7th.
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale for 2 for 10 euros
I purchased these last 2 last night
coming up
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
have to cut and paste
Top books are in
Thanks for this great service
we love this
no my day is good again thank you so much again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday through the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere.
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 card no.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is on it now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
