Well, that's how it is.
I had an annoying incident yesterday.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when logging in I only had 776
Ok.
Yes, I logged in via PRS-ORG app yesterday.
Then it was thrown out and at the time of renewed login the coins were gone.
So I didn't buy anything myself.
As I said, I was online via the PRS-ORG App to complete SBC.
Then I was logged out there and upon renewed login the coins were gone.
Could it be that these were bought differently?
Because the whole thing happened at work.
That is, it must have happened on my PRS-ORG.
As I said, at that time I was at work and I was only annoyed about where my coins are now.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thanks for the information.
Too bad that PRS-ORG can't do anything about such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible for in-game purchases.
This is really still work in progress.
Focus more on customers than on profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi here is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
If you're too good (Season 1 Elite €
Can't get the goals as seen in the photo.
This is why experience for seasonal progress is missing.
Please automatically evaluate the goals as completed if a "better" goal aka div 2 has been fulfilled.
No it's about the season experience.
But I still get rewards, so it's not that. 😂
So the goals will be unlocked?
Or do we get compensation because they are unreachable?
Since they apparently can't help me with the current problem, no.
Still have a nice evening.
Good morning, we want our device to pass through the EC cards.
This is not possible with our device at all.
What should we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I am now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently, we supervise the outpatient clinic, which is why I am not always on my mobile phone.
I will pass this on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and now in the consultation hour.
She will clarify the problem from the main account later.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can still not buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, this is only possible via PRS-ORG.
Please activate this feature for me as soon as possible, I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and made many games in PRS-ORG, and I have also already bought PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app, the game is only half as much fun, I pay a lot for the game, so I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great, without that feature I will no longer buy any PRS-ORG.
Thank you for your help!
I've already played all the modes and already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't this be accelerated?
Too bad, it's a pity to lose the fun of the game.
Everyone can buy and sell players via the app, but yourself not.
This is really not nice, what PRS-ORG is doing here.
Since I bought every PRS-ORG in ALPHANUMERICID and this is how I am treated, it is not nice.
Ok, too bad, then I will try a bit more, hopefully it will work quickly.
Otherwise I don't need the game anymore.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
Thank you, I'm doing well.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher, then a black window opens and closes again.
No.
I don't even get into the game.
I think it is because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked.
However, I can't cancel this.
Yes.
No.
Not at all before.
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, however, it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to attend to another issue.
Now I am back.
Is it possible to provide product data, e.g. via csv import, for a large number of products / services?
Yes.
The connection is still there.
I ask for some patience for my answers, as I also wait for a while for an answer.
I would like to create a large number of items with descriptions etc. using csv-import at once.
Is this function available?
I would like to create a large number of items with descriptions, etc. at once using csv import.
Is there such a function?
The focus is on "large number".
It is about the migration from another system.
Thank you for forwarding.
Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I have a device lock because I allegedly violated the rules.
I want to get it lifted and I can at least start from the beginning.
Otherwise I wouldn't know what I could do with the game.
I can't play a PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to start over at least and get a chance.
The other accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the opportunity to create a new account and start over because otherwise I wouldn't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I have not received an email from your team.
I would like to be NAME-N.
Otherwise I would wait 45 days.
If you can't do anything against that.
paper roll is not recognized
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I am now forwarding you to one of our support employees.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I did not understand that.
Would you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I'll look.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
No receipt is printed.
Yes.
Error message - the printer has no paper.
Insert a new roll and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We connected the device only on Friday.
Is brand new and today the printer does not work anymore, because it does not recognize the paper.
It is the original roll that was delivered in the device and this one is not recognized.
Even the one in the packaging is not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I hope the same for you.
Ahem, I have the following problem.
Yesterday I made a DSVGO request and now I haven't received an answer.
How long will this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, so I would like a DSGVO request because I would like to prove that I did not violate the guidelines.
Okay, then I have to wait.
I just hope that this will be clarified.
I have put a lot of money into the game and also put in a lot of effort to earn and get the players.
Ok I will wait until I get an answer.
Okay, thank you for the help.
Accidentally ejected PRS-ORG
Yes, thank you, I hope the same for you.
My problem is:
Yes, thank you, hopefully you are also doing well.
I accidentally kicked a player when I completed the PRS-ORG.
Can I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG on 20.12 as a gift.
I have already spoken to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG, who referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not arrive on the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was activated via the account, but the PRS-ORG were unfortunately not credited to the account to this day.
Can you understand that?
You redeemed the code and have no PRS-ORG game?
I did PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to make them in the club my controller fell and I kicked it away.
I have received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link without having an PRS-ORG or an account.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza).
And the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change that now.
The problem is the data from the predecessor. I don't have that much.
And I have to change that as quickly as possible, because of the EC card payments and
Don't you have a phone hotline?
Unfortunately not from the predecessor.
We would have to re-register completely.
Or what do you have in mind?
Okay, and how or where do I do that?
And what would it look like if, for example, the pizza drivers have to take the device with them?
Ok, thank you. I will try it and contact you if I have any questions.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Likewise!
I spent 20€ twice on PRS-ORG on 31/10, but never received the transfer.
No, I would like to get either the 4400 PRS-ORG or my money back.
I bought them but did not receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
Via the PSN store on the PRS-ORG.
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, I can't complete my purchase for a few days.
How can the error be corrected?
EMAIL
This would have been on January 3rd.
So enter the credit card number again?
Unfortunately, it didn't work.
No, my patience is done for today.
I have something else to do.
Maybe I'll take another system.
Shade was always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen appears.
Below a 12.
I have already checked if there has been a block, but my history shows none.
Correct.
The game doesn't start, although it did it without any problems so far.
The system is an PRS-ORG S.
EMAIL
Although it also doesn't work with my two sons.
These have other email addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I will try that and get back to you.
I purchased PRS-ORG to use the advertised crossplay in F1 22.
But you can't play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore I demand a refund and cancellation of the subscription on NAME-M.
If the situation is resolved, I would like to be a customer again.
EMAIL
I'm talking to other league drivers from ALPHANUMERICID about what you have done there again, instead of enjoying the new part with everyone.
Otherwise, I'm doing well and I thank you for your inquiry.
How was your day?
Does it bother a lot of people?
Isn't it shitty for PRS-ORG to have problems and constantly help people?
NAME-M (:
A bouquet of flowers is always something great.
Green stands for the color of hope, or?
How can we continue from here?
I didn't want more.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I am just having a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case to you and you have sent me a code (to verify me) by e-mail, so that you can forward the problem.
When I was back on the PRS-ORG site, the chat was gone.
Here's the code in case you can use it somehow.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG I thought.
Yes, I know that, it's about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His email address is: EMAIL
Yes, I know that it's about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I contact you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But in my email there is no 6-digit code.
What do I have to do now?
ebook
I have downloaded a title over PRS-ORG via the onleihe on my PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for this
But I have performed the authorization normally beforehand.
A title is "An Immoral Special Offer".
Yes exactly, that I use.
I do.
I will try again and otherwise I will report this case separately.
Thank you!
Unfortunately, it didn't work out again. To whom can I turn?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp.
You can help me?
Users with PRS-ORG trial access cannot use the web app.
This is the message I get when I start the web app.
Why is this the case?
My PSN Account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG e-mail?
Alright, thank you.
Thank you very much, that is very nice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I'm pretty pissed off right now.
I just chatted with one of their colleagues and now I can't even access my PC after following his advice.
PRS-ORG has drawn an update.
Now my normal password no longer works.
That's right.
But now PRS-ORG does not start anymore and I no longer have access to the PC because he now apparently wants an PRS-ORG password which I do not have!
I had a number before.
Numeric code
Now I can't even enter the numbers.
It has become a huge problem from a simple one!
Damn again.
But NAME-M does not.
I lost it along with my note about passwords.
Alex, this can't be true!!!
It's just because of the great tips from their colleague!!!
Thank you very much.
What nonsense is he telling me there.
That can take forever now.
Yes.
Please refer me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is , how may I help you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it had to be replaced.
Now I'm on the road and don't have the device with me.
I will probably have to get back to you.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I'll get back to you later once I can read off the serial number.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would ask you to update it so that I can change the login data and also a copy can be sent to me with the invoices.
It is now called EMAIL.
Exactly.
Before it was EMAIL and now the one specified above.
And my website is now called URL, but I was able to change this for the invoices, etc. myself.
My concern is that I change my login data and get a copy again with the bill.
Yes I am, it took a while to write:-)
I sent an email a few days ago but have not received a reply yet.
But I'm writing again, thank you very much :-)
Thank you.
No, thank you :-) Have a nice day!
Best regards
Dear Sir or Madam,
I bought several PRS-ORG on January 01, 2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I ask for investigation and refund.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, one of them is "Bloody Shackles."
But I got all the books, because I was asked to try again with the first order.
But I am happy to wait for your feedback.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would like not to send a Sum Up back that I ordered first.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: With the PRS-ORG I can enter the sum at the terminal and do not need an extra app, right?
Second question: how does the return work?
Exactly, the air I want to send back.
Then I order the PRS-ORG.
Gladly, it will take another 10 minutes until I'm back at the device.
Can't NAME-M be lost?
Not that I have to start again from the beginning.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
I'm doing well.
I would very much like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC has no CD drive.
Is it possible to download PRS-ORG somewhere or will PRS-ORG be available for download again one day?
Does this mean you can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on another PC.
Can I then store them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no way at all?
Okay then I will look... maybe you will find a way.
Nevertheless, thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Yesterday I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I would like to have the points that were promised to me in the version?
Why don't I receive them from the 27th?
Ok.
Thank you very much.
I wait.
I am annoyed that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy them and I don't have my own.
I just want them to come as quickly as possible.
Otherwise, the advance access does not bring me anything.
Okay.
Thank you first.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here.
I wanted to ask what the problem is... I have been playing PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG since release + early access and the transfer market (web app/companion app) is still not unlocked... something can't be right... I would really need it... Best regards,
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day
Yes, exactly.
Yes, but I've been playing for 3 weeks now.
How can it be that it is still not unlocked...?
I play every day.
Something is not right about this.
If I'm not unlocked in 1 month what is then?
Can you help me then?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or both have to be actively played on both PRS-ORG as well as PRS-ORG Series X?
Thank you.
Have a nice day, I hope this will finally go through soon... It is a really stupid system you have with the "earning".
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, it works, except that I need your help. This morning, I wanted to top up my 12k points via the web app ALPHANUMERICID, but unfortunately, I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the moment.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because they are ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super nice and nice if you could do that.
I have been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you are interested, I am 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved me the day and I am very grateful to you.
In the future I will check 3 times what I have clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Ok, a moment please.
Great, thank you very much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We cannot establish a connection to the mobile network.
We have already restarted, took out the SIM card and put it back in, different locations, but it doesn't work.
However, it is possible for the wifi.
PHONENUMBER
It turns off...
Starting again.
I logged in, now it's looking again.
Connected to the Wi-Fi.
It works.
Also with the mobile phone network.
Can you tell me why it is working now?
So we can avoid the error.
We have had this error since yesterday and suddenly it works again???
Many thanks for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Thank you, I am glad about that.
Yes on PRS-ORG.
This is not the problem.
I can log in to the servers without any problems.
However, if the audwhl of the save games comes and I press OK, my game is, I guess, zoomed in too close.
So I can't see anything.
NAME-M then I am curious, thank you for your help.
No, otherwise it's working fine. I was just confused.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately learned afterwards that I shouldn't have done that.
But honestly, who pays attention to the fine print when playing pack drawing?
I bought the game more expensive.
And of course I would like to be able to take advantage of my advantage.
So anyway, a new pack will be delivered to you.
Should I not be worried?
Very nice.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the club name in destinations.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
Exactly, it's about the short form that you then see at the top of the game.
E-mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo.
I think I confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to still have it changed via the support?
Typical for the company in terms of customer service again, but thank you anyway.
There is nothing else to add.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I've already chatted with a colleague of yours.
My game no longer starts after the update.
I'm NAME-M ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email. This is the code.
What exactly?^^
EMAIL
Well, after the update today, the game won't start anymore.
PRS-ORG opened and wants to start and does not go.
Installed the newest graphics driver.
Repair the game.
Nothing more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, in the desktop app PRS-ORG, it was shown to me that I will receive 4600 PRS-ORG with the heading "More PRS-ORG" when I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and did not receive any points.
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you!
Have you written a message?
I think I got one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When do I receive the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just completed a PRS-ORG  subscription.
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version.
But I was told that I get 4600 with PRS-ORG.
Can I cancel PRS-ORG so that I get my money back?
Okay, I'll try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello!
I unexpectedly got the message during the login in PRS-ORG that the login is not possible.
I can no longer log into my account and the password reset email is not sent again.
*will be
Gladly, this is EMAIL.
118850
The code is
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will receipt ALPHANUMERICID?
Disbursement 36
2,579,91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I did not receive the money.
Only the last amount of 43 francs has been paid out.
43.83
So I don't have the money, they must check it, not me.
Yes, I have that.
But the amount of 2579.91 I didn't get.
Hello.
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I can't buy books from you because I only have a PRS-ORG EC card.
Can I also give them a debit order?
EMAIL
Until now I couldn't shop yet because I couldn't pay.
And none of these payment options are for me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay via the EC card of the Sparkasse or to give you a debit authorization.
Even transferring the money to you would also be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send the purchased PRS-ORG back.
Just to grant me one of the payment options I listed
Thank you too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Max
Good morning!
I bought PRS-ORG but I don't have access to PRS-ORG Web App
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I only played PRS-ORG and further older parts.
PRS-ORG no.
Do I have to make an PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
However, the web app has been running for 2 days now, so I see a disadvantage there, only on 27.09.
To get access to PRS-ORG.
Where are you from?
Your grammar is not 100%, however, since I am already older, I can often derive the meaning.
Thank you for the help.
You too.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable PRS-ORG
We want to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
One moment, I will now forward you to one of our support employees.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look
I'm now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
We want to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, thank you very much for the info.
Otherwise everything works perfectly.
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
This morning, I saw on my app that my transfer market no longer works. Can you give me information about that?
There it says I received an email, but I haven't, so that's why I'm contacting support.
Yes.
I bought and sold players through the night to earn coins so that I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
As you can see, I also buy regularly in the PRS-ORG store, of course I'm not a bot or anything else.
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market.
Alright, thank you for your time :)
I hope for good news.
So that you can start the game again with joy 😊
I wish you a nice weekend, NAME-M. 👍
I can't install the game "Battle for Middle Earth 2"
As soon as I reach 68%, the message comes that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There I only have the options Try again and Cancel.
One moment, I have to restart the installation for that.
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it's just at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to tranfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I'm installing the game in English)
Not right now.
I will try the solution of the Feed.
If there is another problem, I will contact you again.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right.
And the ball goes then to the only free opponent in a circle of several meters, how exactly is that called?
>Otherwise I would not have specified PRS-ORG as the game.
Please in clear German.
Your sentence just now was a terrible accident.
What exactly did you want to tell me?
Yes, the situation that I described to you.
Do you actually consider a minimum of 5 min for every answer you write?
"The situation you mentioned to me is a technical bug!"
Yes, I believe that too.
However, there was exactly the same bug last year too.
I also reported this to you.
Among others in your PRS-ORG.
And I was told by your PRS-ORG_rephii that this had some truth to it.
And if that's what you want.
One of you guys obviously didn't tell the truth then.
How can I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Return device.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please always ask only one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Do you want to return a device, or is it about the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Send device back,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
I will now forward you to one of our support staff, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
A moment please, I look up.
I am now reviewing your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought an PRS-ORG device to try it out on a booth, but would like to give it back.
Can you help me further?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 28/11.
Unfortunately, it is at home.
Then I have to look again when I'm at home.
Thank you, I will do.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you very much for your help :)
All right, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game unfortunately the quest to unlock "Fleet-A-Pita" does not start, the quest should be called "Investorinnen".
Exactly :)
Ah yes, no.
NAME-M, I don't have that yet.
Then it must be a problem with your PRS-ORG.
Thank you for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I miss the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned them on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but I haven't gotten them yet.
You're welcome.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I have to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG Legends is currently causing me some problems.
For about 2 weeks there are about.
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, are lying.
My character itself is not stuck.
And at the end of the round I can't get out of the game and have to restart the application.
What could be the cause of this?
The internet connection works without any problems.
I looked at all the links and we have already tried everything.
For example, changed the DNS server, tried at low load times.
For other games it works without any problems and individual rounds also work without any problems.
Could it be on the servers?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m, the cable was freshly laid 3 days ago to be able to rule out the error.
Okay, I will report the bug.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I will check.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with your colleague.
I have a concern.
I tested PRS-ORG invoices and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like to delete the test invoice so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice for me?
It says extra test invoice.
I have to get rid of it.
No booking results from this.
This was a test that I went too far with.
No payment will be made.
I only entered it as a test.
But then it's like I paid.
That's wrong.
Can't you just set my "billing area" to 0?
Nothing has been done yet.
Then please close my account and I'll start over.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I wanted to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to sign up with a different device, the assigned password did not work.
I tried to reset it, but that doesn't work either.
Can you please help me?
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you very much
Unfortunately, nothing arrived again.
893361
So there is another email with the password to be used right?
Which code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thank you very much!
I founded an PRS-ORG account many years ago with an email address that serves me only as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I inadvertently opened a second account with another email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to merge these two accounts, otherwise I always have to switch.
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like to keep everything running via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
To which email address did you send the code?
On which email address did you send the code?
I didn't receive anything.
I will try to look in the Spam folder.
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you.
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from dwelke to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please just ask me one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my e-mail address?".
How can I help you today?
One moment, I will redirect you.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I'm watching your conversation with NAME-M.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I received the confirmation E-Mail.
Thank you, for today everything is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was locked up on the transfer market.
Alleged coin delivery.
But which can't be the case.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and already invested €400.
I have also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Ok.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am not aware of any guilt!
So I was still in the game last night and everything was in order then.
I also made a parking transfer.
This morning I wanted to see the transfer on the app and there was the message with the ban and the information for coin transfer.
I can't understand and understand it!
That is why I really hope for your help.
I immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year at PRS-ORG.
I was hacked and blocked on the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Wanted to play Battlefield again for years and have now switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
The message came when I started the game that I needed to renew my password.
I did that as well, but I still can't get into the game.
I always get the same message - change password.
I can log in at PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via PS icon, the password reset again?
Exactly.
Then the message to renew password or error to PRS-ORG always comes.
Despite password reset.
Thank you.
My e-mail is EMAIL, and for PS I have the same e-mail
Ok.
I will look into it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22.
I received the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the totw item.
However, the OTW item is missing and has not appeared in my account despite logging in and out.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, I'm sorry, I read it wrong.
The email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I'm relieved!
Thank you. :)
That was all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to reveal your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you. I'm doing well.
And how about you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German comment language on PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
I'm glad to hear that.
I would like that very much.
:-)
Thanks for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
But I would also like the comments in German.
Ok, thank you very much.
I will try.
Very much.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi,
I was told that I can claim my token in one hour, it's been 2 hours and it's still not going through.
But how can that be, your colleague told me that a token is available to me.
I lost a token because of a game error?
How is it possible that I don't get a token?
I even have a clip.
Why are you telling me something different than the other cases?
I saved a clip as the enemy start drück and the game leaves
And I get a defeat.
It's not because of my internet, it's because of the game.
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I can see, the colleague before you has notet all this wrong.
I get 2 different statements from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'm looking it up.
Now I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the touch screen button for "paying" no longer works with my PRS-ORG device.
And I can't turn off the device because it's the same touch screen button.
I have to quickly see what it means.
PRS-ORG
Exactly.
The lower button does not work.
It's been over 3 weeks now.
OK.
No.
Hello I am NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I'm doing well so far:) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
And anyway, I can't buy a PRS-ORG because the error message is "A problem has occurred at the PRS-ORG checkout.
Please try again later."
comes.
Exactly, that is right.
I try to buy points on PC or in PRS-ORG.
I also tried that.
But that also doesn't work.
The message comes that I need to earn the access to the transfer market.
But a few months ago I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any issues, without an error message.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to reveal your first name to me?
Hello rohan, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well. Of course, I hope you are too.
I received a transfer ban this morning even though I had nothing to do with it. I have a TRAIDING list with players that I sell more expensive and there the players just go for more expensive and today I got a ban.
But when I go to my ban history there is no email.
There is no history and I also did not receive an email why I was banned.
Because this message has really shocked me, because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes, exactly, I can no longer use it.
Alright, that would be very nice because I drew NAME-M recently and my team could get better because of him.
And now I am locked out. That is very annoying because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes that would be very nice.
I have to go back to work now, is there any way for me to reach you again?
I'll just keep the chat open for the customer.
My card reader is broken.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please always ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
Sorry, apparently a problem has occurred.
A moment, I will now forward you to one of our support employees who will take care of your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I'll look it up.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Chip reader works.
However, when it says put the card in, the card is not read.
Problem has existed since about a month with the PRS-ORG device.
I have several customers who pay with a card.
So the problem with several cards had
Unfortunately not right now.
Since I'm not in the store.
I would be happy to.
Thank you.
Can you also be contacted by phone?
No, thanks.
You have helped me a lot.
Have a nice day at work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
Since today there is a problem in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera shifts, so it is impossible to play.
No changes have been made.
The days before everything ran without any problems.
I can play this game.
But since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
The camera moves without a reason during the gameplay.
No, no error is displayed.
During normal playing, it suddenly appears.
Okay, sounds great.
Thank you for your help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it unplayable.
Have a nice evening.
No, thanks.
Thank you for your nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well.
I hope it's okay for you too.
I can't get into the pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
With me it always says "pro clubs data is being loaded."
How can I go back?
Check it out.
There are only associations.
Are.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, I'm NAME-M here.
Unfortunately, I have not been able to find a way to provide feedback to the developers.
That's why I'm contacting you here, because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG is currently the cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
To whom can I send this?
I will wait for it with pleasure.
And thank you in advance.
Thank you very much!
And have a nice day to you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll check.
I am now following your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day, NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
The following email address is the access to our account: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, since we have canceled the subscriptions.
That's why we have to change the mail address as the access to PRS-ORG.
Can we do this ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
The payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have already done this and hope that we did everything right.
Can you check that at all?
All clear NAME-M.
Thank you for the help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, I had a great day today, I hope you do too.
I just wanted to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came that the game could not be started.
Initialization error when booting up.
If I press play I get the error message: Can't start.
Boot initialization error {DEVICEID: DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}.
I have also already repaired the game area 2x.
I just found out that it had to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disturbance.
Thanks for the help anyway.
Stay healthy NAME-F.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
I played draft with single player and in 2.
There was an error message and it was kicked out of the game. Now I am back in and my draft is over after the game.
Ok and what should I do now? It says claim rewards after a game.
The second time.
The first time was during the first draft, that's when it happened apparently because of the player NAME-M.
Yes, there was.
It said something about system error and I immediately left PRS-ORG.
I directly reported and clicked on the disturbance.
Should I redeem the reward and still get my draft token again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Moin, my name is NAME-M.
I have a problem with my order.
And yesterday I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG for 17.49€ via the PRS-ORG store, but I still haven't received them to this day.
What's wrong with this?
Yes, you can do that.
Do you need something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that.
I also tried to check via the web app if the points have already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send it to them then?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to reveal your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I want to connect my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG.
But when I register, I should confirm via my old number (ends in 277) and not via my new number.
My new number is in the PRS-ORG account.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to log in to PRS-ORG in order to claim various bonuses.
Yes.
As I said, I can't log in to PRS-ORG; because I have to verify myself with my old mobile number, which is no longer in the account.
It is about the PRS-ORG account.
I want to register with PRS-ORG and then confirm my old mobile phone number with PRS-ORG.
The problem is not with PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in your settings of my account there apparently is still my old mobile number &amp; via this I should verify myself.
My email address is EMAIL
I have already entered my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up with PRS-ORG, I was able to verify with the new number.
Only when logging in to other sites but I will try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and used it to get a draft token.
When I wanted to start the game, the picture was hanging and nothing worked anymore.
So that I had to restart the game.
After that, I noticed that my points as well as the token were gone.
This is not the first time that something like this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing about a connection, my connection was also fine.
But that also happens from time to time in the middle of the game.
game that I am simply logged off from the servers although the Internet is there.
Yes, my email is EMAIL.
All good, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I submitted the case regarding my hacked account on Tuesday at 9:00 AM with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long will the processing take approximately?
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I'm fine and you?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure right now.
I'm glad to hear that you're having a good day so far!
Ok, all clear thank you, I look forward to a prompt processing.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Thank you, how are you?
My problem is as follows:
Since approx.
For a month I can no longer start an online game in PRS-ORG despite PS+.
I have certainly tried it hundreds of times, but every time I start a game, I am thrown out with the message "The connection to the opponent was interrupted".
I have already contacted the PRS-ORG customer service, but the solutions remained unsuccessful.
Now I would like to ask if you have further ideas on how to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course that's fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry that I haven't written for a longer time.
Thank you for initiating the problem-solving steps.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it right away to see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I will try PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you very much and a nice weekend.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
I was at PRS-ORG first, but they couldn't help me...
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and also bought PRS-ORG to it so that I can hook the game for 10 hours.
I have already logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and re-downloaded PRS-ORG.
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for help and I have now come to the point that I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
However, I am sure that it should work any minute.
Please continue to check it for the time being.
What do you mean?
Yes, sure, I would also like to.
Or they will refund me the 4 euros back and I wait until the 27th.th.
I have no more time to waste.
Yes, well, if I can't play the game even though I paid extra money for it, that would be very nice of you.
If the problem cannot be solved by 2 people from the support.
Yes, so please refund me my money if nothing more happens here.
Okay, thank you.
Yes, all clear, email arrived, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
I wasted 3 hours, thank you.
No, all good, that's enough.
No, I do not like that.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I only get such sick opponents with mbappe Zidane and slles?
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents at my level, please.
And why do I have such crazy momentum in my soil?
Come on, I'm 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still pending.
Dude, give me my money back, I broke the CD in the video too.
I've been playing PRS-ORG since I started peeing my pants but what can you do?
My account was hacked, a few players were sold by me and one was bought for a lot of money and was sold for the throw-in price.
The players who were missing from my team were Allan's position ZM, once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M
I changed my passwords directly afterwards.
But I would like to have the players back.
I have changed it now.
I'm unsubscribed from fut.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I'm doing fine after a long day at work.
I hope you are also doing well.
I have the following problem: I completed the Winter Wildcards Daily Qualifying at PRS-ORG today.
The last part of the objective was completed per SBC today after 7 pm on the app via mobile phone.
After that, I wanted to get the 10x83+ pack for today's registration and the reward for the overall goal, the Winter Wildcards Player Pack.
But it was displayed there that the PRS-ORG is completed.
Then I looked in the shop.
However, I did not receive both packs.
What can I do now to check this?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Okay, thank you for the information!
Then I will wait for a while.
Thanks for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Return device
NAME-M_TEXT:In addition, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can best help you if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Status of return}
NAME-M_TEXT:All right.
I will now transfer you to one of our support staff, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will check.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to send my 3G device back.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much.
No that was it :) thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello I am NAME-M and just fell out of a chat
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Can you find out what it was about through the number?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you very much to you and your colleague!
Thank you and have a nice evening both of you!
No, thank you!
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I already asked on Thursday and got this number here PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I am in the right place
I am NAME-M
I just want to know why I can no longer get the pre-order packs, I received them on the PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the X-Factor version.
And I switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago but did not receive these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What do you want to know?
I just got this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account at PRS-ORG 5 as at PRS-ORG 4.
And when will that happen?
I just want to stop playing with the PRS-ORG version.
I hope that works somehow and someday, because for that were then 100€ a lot of money.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
It worked with my friends, but I got this problem that it doesn't work.
Since you can pre-order PRS-ORG.
So for quite some time now.
If you preorder it in the game, you will also get a discount of 10%.
Okay then I will try it this way.
Under email preferences?
Okay, I have activated it.
Do you know how long it can take?
No, that would be all.
Thank you for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good evening I just wanted to ask from when PRS-ORG can be downloaded for the Play?
Whether it might already be Wednesday 00:00?
Yes, that's me, I even pre-ordered the 99 Euro version.
But is there any way to find out because I would let the download run overnight.
I took a holiday especially for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG Middle Ages and Pirates via PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation from the Middle Ages worked smoothly, but from the Pirates it did not work.
I have now waited a few days and wanted to play beforehand, now I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you.
I could only see PRS-ORG.
Under the Download Manager it says that the Pirates download is completed.
When I go to my game store it says there "PRS-ORG play middle ages" and "new expansion ready to install".
Then I click on pirates on download but it does not work.
I will try their link now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
Thank you very much for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts that are actually under the same email address.
One for the PRS-ORG back then and one for the PRS-ORG.
The normal registration by email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is okay so far, but my PS account is not stored there.
Then I registered with the same email via the PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked to that of my EX boyfriend.. how the hell does that work?
We never connected it at the time.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data, do I come to your Acoount?!
If I enter MY login data, do I go to HIS* account?
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I have to write back to PRS-ORG.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello I am NAME-M
And, well, I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG but did not receive the 4600 points.
I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but I did not receive the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th so I'm wondering why they are not there.
I can already access the PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22.
I have the early access.
Most have also received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG mode, unfortunately I didn't get the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I completed both sub-tasks, but unfortunately did not receive the Icon Pack.
Exactly.
How can I get my reward now?
About 20-30 min ago.
And after 24 hours my pack should be there?
I will do that, but I did not receive the pack.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, I'm NAME-M, my game doesn't start again... I was already here today.
EMAIL
I'm a bit frustrated...
Yes, it's about PRS-ORG.
The game doesn't start.
No, the game does not start. Once, I could start the game.
No at all, if I press "games," PRS-ORG is briefly minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing happens next.
I already have.
oA, does it work again, thank you!
