Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
My name is NAME-M
Hello!
I just spoke to one of your colleagues but it didn't help.
2 days ago I tried to subscribe to PRS-ORG pro several times and it said it didn't work.
So I decided to give up.
I noticed later that you charged me 5 payments of $1.
I do not want to be subscribed
Can you confirm that I am not subscribed?
My email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm D, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Everything is fine.
However, I am here for a refund
of PRS-ORG credits
I made a purchase of 59.99€ credit
However, I only got shit content in the packs!
I didn't even get a single piece of heritage fragments even though I opened 60 packs!
I'm listening to your questions
That's right
I really got nothing good, I'm disgusted with my purchase
Really
Is it not possible to get new packs?
It's not normal to spend 60€ and get nothing good, out of 60 packs I didn't even get a single fragment of heritage
Hello, I made an e-book order and I would like to return it and get a refund.
Do I need to send you my receipt?
To which email address?
Thank you for a reply from you.
Do I need to send you my receipt? To which email address? Thank you for your response.
Attack on Titan Colossal Edition
On 08/04/2021
Okay
No thank you very much for your help :)
Sorry to contact you again but there are 2 missing volumes in the refund email, I would like to be refunded the full amount of my order.
Ah, sorry, nobody's fault.
Thank you very much for your patience, my problem is solved
Have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. How can I help you?
I received my PRS-ORG
but I can't set it up
I added the wifi network
and then the PRS-ORG asks me to log in
Yes.
There the PRS-ORG turned off
I charged it again
It might have run out of battery
It turns back on, I will try again.
Is it normal that I have to enter my credentials on the PRS-ORG?
Ah yes, I see
I thought I could connect it to my phone to retrieve the settings
Ok, thank you.
I have an Error: PRS-ORG message
but I have the feeling that it's still okay
I will try a payment
Thank you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. How can I help you?
I would like to be able to make remote payment requests please
The app doesn't offer it to me
Thank you.
So there's nothing I can do on my end?
Just wait for your services to set it up?
EMAIL
Hello,
I just checked with your colleague NAME-M to activate the remote payment
Do you think the activation can be done today?
Thank you very much NAME-F!
I wish you a great day then
No, everything is okay, thank you so much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
On PRS-ORG, there were rewards for starting PRS-ORG.
I would like to know if we have already received them or not, because I don't think we have.
And if we haven't received them yet, when will we get them approximately?
Yes, exactly.
Okay, thank you very much!
So it's totally normal that I haven't received them yet, right?
I haven't changed platforms so there's no problem.
Ok perfect!
Thank you very much anyway!
That's all I needed
Have a nice day!
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be put in touch with one of our agents?
Hello
I need help
I have questions about the PRS-ORG terminal
we are unable to process payments in PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
only payments with Maestro work
`I want a real interlocutor
for help
I can't process payments with PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, I'm going to work in Belgium.
Does my terminal accept international clients?
I don't understand, will I be able to cash foreign clients?
Ah, so it's all good?!!!
That was my last-minute concern
I had someone on the phone the other day, but I can't find the phone number anymore, can you give it to me?
Yes
Thank you, have a nice day, goodbye
NAME-NTEXT: For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
talk to a human
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the transactions from Monday were not deposited into the correct bank account, and we requested it since Thursday, May 4th. Can you explain this to us?
3 emails since Thursday 4th May
Did you receive our NAME-M several days ago?
The addition of our bank details did not work, that's why we sent you our NAME-M
We have sent it twice already...
Is the same email address being sent back?
EMAIL: I am sorry, but we have not received any payment. I am sorry, but we have not received any bank details. Could you please send it once again?
I just sent the rib to i,NAME-N
EMAIL
speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, galille!
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I just sent you the necessary documents for the validation of my account
And I'm stuck, it says I have to contact you
I'm stuck at step 1/4.
Yes
I had a problem with a damaged ID card and it was not received by your service, so I received the new one that I sent to you.
I hope that this will go quickly enough because I have been waiting for a while ^^
No, thank you. Have a good day.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
I wish to change the phone number.
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
As changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Yes, that's right.
My old number is PHONENUMBER
The new number is PHONENUMBER
If the area code needs to be added, it's PHONENUMBER
Only my personal mobile number
No problem, I have to get back to work.
I may not be able to respond immediately
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
I haven't received the SMS yet.
Is the fact that it is a Guadeloupe number a problem?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M and I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account
My pleasure.
So my problem is with my PRS-ORG account.
The email address of this account has been deleted by PRS-ORG.
So I no longer have access to my email inbox.
So I would like to set up a new email address, but when I changed my address, I was asked to retrieve a code for authentication, which is sent to the email address that no longer exists...
The email linked to your PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL
This would be the following: EMAIL
Thank you very much for your help.
I changed the password and was able to log in again with the new address and password!
Thank you so much!
Thank you especially for your patience and the time you gave me!
Have a great day too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
So here's the thing, for a few days now I've been trying to log into PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG, unfortunately they ask me to reset my password but I can't find my username.
None of my current email addresses are associated with an account apparently
I can provide my PRS-ORG credentials if needed
Awesome!
My PSN is White_PRS-ORG
Great, thank you very much
I just hope the email address associated with it is not my ex-girlfriend's because I don't have any way to contact her anymore.
Hoping that it works 🤞
Mmmh, that's weird, I don't think I deleted my account.
I hope I will be able to recover it one day...
Don't worry.
A human can tell you the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I did not receive the payment from last week
I have a problem with the app I'm using
I have already sent all the documents of my company.
Is my profile, I see that it is not complete
What is it?
I don't know how to do that.
but I want to know who will send the payment to my company account
I already have the receipt but how do I use it
Hello, data exchange impossible?
when connecting it is indicated on the device that data exchange is impossible
exchange of data impossible?
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you Jacques-Fabien?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand.
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand. Could you please rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
It has already been done.
We also changed the Wi-Fi connection.
PHONENUMBER
The reader indicates "exchange of data impossible".
I bought it from a retailer
We are at a trade show, we bought it urgently, could you help us quickly sp
By phone please, to be more efficient, thank you. PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I had one of your colleagues before
She asked me to log in with my PSN account
But the account linked with PRS-ORG is the right one but the one with PRS-ORG is the old one that I no longer have access to
The PRS-ORG account linked with the PSN is ALPHANUMERICID
On the other hand, the PRS-ORG account linked with PRS-ORG
To the following email address: EMAIL
And I no longer have access to that address
I click on impossible to log in?
platforms
NAME-M's only daughter.
but I was already in discussion with dunia
hello again NAME-F.
sorry, I made a mistake
No, but with my PRS-ORG account, is that not enough?
No
but what does this problem mean?
Can it prevent the eReader from working?
but what is the risk of losing books?
because I have almost 600!!!
I could do it, but not until tomorrow.
so I download the app and get back to you?
I'm sorry, I have to leave for the night.
Thank you for your help.
I think I will receive a summary of our discussion on EMAIL
I prefer to be contacted via email if possible.
Thank you very much and have a good evening.
give me the email address to stay in touch with you!
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
I want to speak to a human
Don't worry.
A human can give you information about the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I have a serious problem with your service.
Is it possible to delete my old trusted phone?
I no longer have access to my old phone
The person before you didn't understand anything
I can't do anything
I'm blocked
Please remove my old trusted phone
Yes.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello 👋
my PRS-ORG is not working
Could someone please help me PHONENUMBER
I'm in Geneva
my tablet is connected to the internet
It's on the screen
I can't log in
PRS-ORG cannot work without an internet connection
Please check that you are connected and try again
while I am connected to the internet
The number you gave me doesn't work
PHONENUMBER
100 percent
It's still charging
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I'm fine, thank you.
I bought the ultimate PRS-ORG game on PRS-ORG and I couldn't download it (beta version) during the open beta weekend.
Actually I don't even see it in my PRS-ORG library.
I contacted PRS-ORG support but they couldn't do anything and told me to contact you.
It is listed as compatible only with PRS-ORG in my library.
While the title and product description clearly state that it is a cross-gen product (PRS-ORG + PRS-ORG)
I'm not sure I understand.
There are 2 versions of the ultimate edition??
I didn't see that on the store...
I just wanted the version that is compatible with my PRS-ORG pro and when I buy a PRS-ORG I always want to be able to play it without having to buy it a second time
Okay so if I understand correctly I bought the right version (ultimate)
On the other hand, I don't see it in my library.
Is it because it hasn't been officially released yet?
And that I missed the beta??
Okay, it's working.
The ultimate version said there would be an early access.
Is it still planned??
I'm going to read that article
Thank you
Hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
My game is hacked by your script and I would like to know how to stop it
PRS-ORG
No, I don't prefer that, my game is already messed up enough like that.
I just want to make sure that my game is not polluted by your game script.
That when a player is listed as fast in their stats, they actually are, that your game takes into account commands and doesn't force my players to go in the opposite direction, pass the ball to the opponent or just stand there and let them pass without reacting
I want to be able to play this game, right now it's impossible.
Except that I don't have access to your forums
Since your moderators don't like it when people say there's a script in the game
Well, never mind
I will just resell your game and play something else, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Good evening
I just subscribed to PRS-ORG but I chose the wrong platform.
I would therefore like to use my right of withdrawal.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you.
It's the right PRS-ORG account but I selected the PRS-ORG APP platform.
I then subscribed but on the PRS-ORG platform.
I have two subscriptions.
I would like to use my right of withdrawal for the PRS-ORG APP
Selected*
EMAIL
Yes, I want to withdraw, thank you
Great, thank you very much
All is well!
Goodbye, thank you.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Printing is not working
However, it is connected via Bluetooth
I don't understand what you are saying
My printer is not working, but the light on the printer is on and it is connected via Bluetooth
My iPad settings are in Bluetooth
EMAIL
When I log out of the app and I want to log back in
It says my password is false
Why,
It says the password cannot be changed
There are too many problems
Can you give me a phone number to contact the help center?
I can't stay on the line too long.
I'm running out of time.
The number is not correct
Too many digits
Hello, I have two PRS-ORG terminals (3G + wifi) that no longer work
The first message on the screen: device blocked please contact support
The second one doesn't detect wifi networks
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
To help you better, please make sure your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
“.
When this message appears on the screen of the device, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered and this blocking is irreversible.
As I am not able to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Exactly
Serial number reader blocked PHONENUMBER
Serial number of the reader with connectivity issues PHONENUMBER
Yes, I have the message "communication mode" and the message "press C to exit"
No not to my knowledge
When we turned it on in the morning, we realized that it didn't work.
Hello, I just bought a PRS-ORG Libra 2 eReader and I anticipated it by putting all my books on the PRS-ORG app, yesterday.
I also sorted them by collection.
How do I sync my PRS-ORG app with the reader?
or with my URL account, where the files do not appear?
thank you for your help;
EMAIL
registered yesterday
Downloaded elsewhere
You never replied to my last message, in your opinion did you provide the full assistance and were you helpful?
I'll let you answer your question.
Good day
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
my terminal does not accept payments
it refuses transactions
If we have reached
If we have reached the limit, how can I access unlimited transactions?
We scanned the QR code and submitted the ID card
this morning
What should we do to remedy the situation?
I don't have any other emails
And when I go to the site, I'm asked for no other document than my ID card.
NAME-M I see
I just saw that.
unknown_issue
Today is October 30, 2021 and the ebook is NAME-M's La Fièvre dans la ville
I bought an eBook this morning.
My receipt number is PHONENUMBER.
I searched a lot to find out how to download my purchase.
When I download it, I get a PRS-ORG.
How do I get my eBook (pdf or epub)?
I don't understand.
A license, okay, but I bought the book.
How can I read this book then?
On my PRS-ORG Tab.
But I also want to keep it on my computer so that I can read it again later.
I'm not happy about this at all.
I don't want to have another app on my tablet.
I really don't see where the problem is.
I read with the PRS-ORG app that I bought and I don't want any other app on my tablet.
Okay, thank you for the explanations.
But how do I do it practically?
I have an account with PRS-ORG
Thank you for these explanations.
I'll look into this and get back to you later.
verification account opening
NAME-M_TEXT: Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to help you with that.
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred. Let me find a human who can take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
A pro account was opened, I was not aware of it.
My last 2 invoices were paid on this account.
It's still being verified, how can I check it?
I don't want the pro account, but I want to transfer the money to my current pro account.
Is it possible?
Only on the app?
I don't see "Click Activate."
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Are you a bot or a real person?
Yes, but it's not about PRS-ORG that's my concern.
My concern is that I have a PRS-ORG subscription on my email address that I linked to my PSN account, however I cannot download the PRS-ORG games on the PRS-ORG, they ask me to subscribe to PRS-ORG
While I already have a PRS-ORG subscription
Yes, this is the PRS-ORG account EMAIL, sir?
I'm trying to download the PRS-ORG games on the PRS-ORG but it doesn't work, they ask me to take another PRS-ORG subscription
on the PRS-ORG store*
while I have already linked my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
on my PRS-ORG
Can't I have the PRS-ORG subscription on my PRS-ORG and my pc at the same time?
How do I switch my PRS-ORG subscription from PC to PRS-ORG?
Can you do it for me?
Via the chat
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via le chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello
I spoke with one of your advisors yesterday regarding payments made on April 15.
He told me that he would be on my account at the end of the day yesterday
But I still haven't received anything
These are 3 payments of CHF 2000
Yes, thank you.
Thank you very much
No, it's perfect, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-N, a player on PRS-ORG
I had some questioning since the last patch note this week.
I am no longer receiving any bonus points in Predator Lobby.
Compared to other friends who are higher ranked (top 10), and who receive bonus points, I would like to ask if other players are experiencing the same difficulties and if you have a solution to remedy this (it is very difficult to earn points with only ranking points)
Yes, and this has been happening since the last update.
The point calculation seems to be incorrect.
Let's say a game won with maybe 8 kills fighting current predators does not even give elimination points, which was not the case before the last patch.
Several players in my circle are reporting the same malfunctions.
EMAIL
Sure, I'll stay online.
Indeed, I found it strange.
I felt it was important to report this because it is affecting my progress in maintaining my rank in classified.
I will make a post on the forum as you advise.
Thank you for your response and have a good day.
Hello, I can't connect my phone to the terminal with Bluetooth
Yes, always
Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
For troubleshooting instructions for your device, it's here: URL.
Are you still experiencing difficulties with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, still,No, thanks}
Hello, my name is , please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I'm sorry about that.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
PHONENUMBER
Yes
Yes
PRS-ORG + printer
yes, I know but I would like to connect my phone to the terminal
No, I want it via Bluetooth.
talk to someone
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand. Could you rephrase your request?
I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand. Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand. Could you rephrase your request?
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I made a request by email last week PHONENUMBER).
I still have not received a response to this day.
you say it should normally take 1 working day to respond, we are far from that
It would need to be done before Friday evening
Talk to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you JEAN-CHRISTOPHE?
My printer is broken.
Is it guaranteed
I'm not in front of the device
I will be in front of it tonight
Until what time in the evening?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
Hello, I can't connect my sum up device to my phone
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Yes, always
NAME-M_TEXT:You will find the botid_instructions_depannage of your device in our Help Center.
NAME-M_TEXT:Are you still having trouble with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, still, No, thanks}
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry about that.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
No, it's not a connectivity issue, but I'm logging in with a different number than the one I used when I opened the account.
My current number is PHONENUMBER
Could this be the problem?
Can I call you?
Can you call me or give me a number to reach you?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I have deposits that are not reaching my account.
they remain in the available funds.
What should I do?
The amount of my cashouts is not reaching my bank account.
I find them in my account in the available balance section
In my PRS-ORG account
Where can I find the PRS-ORG card?
Ok, so I won't have the money in my bank account until I activate the card?
ok, how long will it take to receive it?
Don't worry.
A human can tell you the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
All the documents for verification of my account have been sent.
Can you tell me when it will be resolved?
Because I absolutely need my terminal in the morning.
Thank you!
Yes, thank you.
Great, when do you think it will be active?
Because I really need it today as soon as possible
No, it's kind.
Let's hope it goes quickly.
Thank you and have a great day
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
I wish to speak to a counsellor
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, how are you?
My situation is that I want to delete this account
And how will I know that it has been deleted?
From which day?
Perfect.
Because I had received an email saying they were going to send me a card and I don't want that.
I understand, but how will they delete my account, I don't understand why they would send me the card.
Aahh okay
Then I will wait for the email to delete the account.
Thank you very much for helping me
No, thank you.
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Good morning/afternoon, sir/madam
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm afraid I didn't get your request.
Please select one of the following options.
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to know if it is possible to have a USB cable to recharge my payment terminal in the vehicle!
Today, the only cable I received, allows me to charge only at home.
Then, I have two drivers on the vehicle, how do I create multiple profiles so that each driver's transactions are separate?
I use the big one, which I bought for 100 euros I think
PRS-ORG 3G payment terminal and printer
Thank you.
They have to log in at the beginning of each service to introduce their profiles?
Great, and what about the cable to recharge the payment terminal?
I have a universal head on one side and an electrical socket on the other
I don't have a USB cable to charge in the car
Okay.
Why are My payments still pending?
What can I do for you today?
Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
Your account is currently suspended, which means that the funds are temporarily withheld by our services for security reasons.
This is beyond my virtual assistant's expertise.
I will therefore put you in touch with an agent so that you can discuss the terms of unblocking.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Please unblock my payments, it's quite urgent, can you do that for me
I'm in a financial predicament and had to sell one of my properties that I wanted to have PRS-ORG cash out.
But I didn't know you were going to add to my worries
Please help me by unblocking the payment that I'm waiting for
Why can't I reach you by phone?
I made more than 10 calls throughout the day and received no response from your services.
Please just unblock the suspension of the payment to help me
Please NAME-F help me by unblocking the situation
My morale has been cut since this morning following this news, I don't know what to do anymore
I thought I was doing the right thing by cashing out through PRS-ORG, but it turns out it was not a good idea.
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
My terminal is blocked, it says device blocked.
I would like to have the number to see the steps to follow
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
When this message appears on the screen of the device, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered and this block is irreversible.
As I am not able to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes
It says communication mode
Press to exit
No, nothing, I haven't used my reader in 2 weeks
My reader is stored in a case and I don't use it every day.
My address is ADDRESS.
Thank you
Mr. NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I'm NAME-F.
I paid for a monthly subscription about an hour ago and I can't get PRS-ORG to start.
The message is: This title may have been downloaded by another user who owns the game.
Sign in with another account or restart the game
I changed my email address.
I don't know if that's what caused the problem
Nobody?
Thank you
EMAIL
Here is the code 509875
How do I change the Library in my folder?
Hello
EMAIL
I just opened my account 10 minutes ago
I entered the wrong library.
I should have entered PRS-ORG, North of Quebec, Rouyn-Noranda
Can you please make the change?
Yes,
What I selected when I opened my PRS-ORG account
I am not able to change it myself
I tried
They say my email address is already there
deconnection
Yes
I will try again
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
So it's more of a request...
I find that the game does not meet my expectations
I pack a lot...
I'm putting money in...
And I'm not satisfied with the return
A gesture from you could be helpful to me
Many of us think the same way.
I find it disturbing
I wanted to tell you that anyway even if it doesn't change much
It's all a matter of luck I see...
Thank you very much, and thank you for your attention.
change my email address
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
“.
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your email address at any time.
Note: you can only have one email address per account, which is used as both your login identifier and PRS-ORG report receiving address.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since this is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will put you in touch with an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello yes
Actually, when I registered, I entered the wrong email address.
So when someone contacts me I don't see anything
the EMAIL address does not exist for info
It would be necessary to put EMAIL
Ok but the email address given does not work
No worries
No, that will be all, thank you, have a good day.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, the transactions are being declined on the payment terminal.
The client is very solvent...why isn't it going through?
But this dates back to our demonstration in August 2022!!
It's March 2023 and our demonstration is tonight!!
I don't understand!
I am very disappointed with your services!
What verification?
We are an association with only a few events per year.
We have set up your services because we no longer have any argnen dispensers
We are a local association with only a few events per year, and we are losing a lot of money because we cannot make any transactions. This is a big loss for our association...
Yes, it's me!!
NAME-F born on 25/11/1980!
Hello, I just opened an account and I made a mistake with the email address... .ch instead of PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
You can change your email address at any time.
Note: you can only have one account.
one email address per account, which serves both as your
login identifier and
PRS-ORG report delivery address.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since this is beyond my virtual assistant's competence, I will put you in touch with an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Thank you
EMAIL
Do I have to leave the account?
Thank you, I received it, great!
Everything is going well, thank you and goodbye.
Hello,
I want to log in to my account with my email address.
However, when I enter my address and password, I am asked to log in with PRS-ORG to merge the accounts.
The problem is that I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG and my account was deleted.
I'm at a dead end.
Thank you,
NAME-F
EMAIL
Last night
Thank you
That's strange, I still bought one yesterday evening
In the PRS-ORG store on my eReader
My eReader was reset accidentally.
What I'm interested in is recovering my books
I found the problem.
I was using my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for your help and have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I want to download the PRS-ORG app on my PC, how do I do that?
how can I cash out via a pc
by adding the items etc
how can I process payments via pc by adding the items etc.
Yes.
I want to bill items
by clicking on different articles
to bill my multiple items
I am on a PRS-ORG terminal with a printer
but I want to connect it via bluetooth to my pc to bill different items
Yes.
On the website, I am unable to process a payment.
No, I want to have the tab to cash like the app but on the pc
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yes, I'm sorry, I'm in the middle of an event
all our transactions are declined
on all our PRS-ORG modules
I can't figure out why
We have network and activity location
we also reset all the PRS-ORG without that changing anything
I tried to call customer service but I was on hold for over an hour
how can I check it?
I am logged in with the account EMAIL
With the same email
The other one we use is EMAIL
Do you want me to log in with the other one?
ok I will log in with the other one
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
May I have 100% of your attention please because you are the 10th advisor I am speaking to and I don't feel like I am being taken care of.
It's very frustrating
It's on PRS-ORG
I just got the play pass, and I still haven't received my rewards
You have attached the two proof of payment
It's noted on the invoice sir, but I'll tell you right away
Bought on June 12 at 12:01 AM
They sent me to you
How do I do that?
I've been told to go to someone else for 3 hours now.
I just want to receive my 1000 pieces and go play
We are sorry to hear that you are experiencing a problem with this game.
You will probably find a solution thanks to the information available on the store and the community.
Assistance for this product is provided by:
Official Assistance
Customer support
Product website
Product forums
Editor team
Electronic Arts
They are sending me back to you, how do I proceed?
And do you have a link through which I could contact a PRS-ORG agent?
because I am unable to find support
Via the chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via le chat,By phone}
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, when I registered I wasn't able to choose how to receive my earnings and I received a PRS-ORG card.
Since then, I have chosen the option "send directly to my bank account" instead of "send to PRS-ORG professional card" but it doesn't seem to work.
I still haven't received the money paid by my clients...
I see the available balance paid via PRS-ORG but I can't withdraw it.
Can you tell me how to proceed?
Thank you very much
No, everything is fine with the card reader.
I just don't know how to transfer the money to my bank account
I did select the correct transfer option, but no transfer is taking place.
Is it not possible for this transfer to happen automatically?
Order a card
What can I do for you NAME-M?
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
If you haven't received it yet, it's on its way.
The estimated delivery date is {!cardExpectedArrivalDate}.
I see that you have already ordered a PRS-ORG, but you can only have one per business.
The previsional delivery date has been exceeded.
I ordered more than 3 weeks ago
Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with any questions you have about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
{ChatWindowButton:Okay, thanks, The estimated delivery date has passed}
In case of failed delivery within the indicated time, our services can make a new shipment if 3 weeks in total (from the order date) have passed.
In case of failed delivery within the indicated time, our services can perform a new shipment if 3 weeks in total (from the order date) have passed.
{ChatWindowButton:It's not been 3 weeks yet,I
I ordered more than 3 weeks ago}
I'm sorry that you had to wait so long.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I have not received a card
I never received it, has it been activated?
ALPHANUMERICID Thiers les terrasse du vallat bt c 13320 bouc bel air
No thanks, good luck and have a good day
Hello my name is , please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change the admin email address on my account
What is the procedure to do this?
Indeed, I no longer have access to my email address
Thank you in advance
Okay, to which email address?
Thank you, and I also want to set up the PRS-ORG plugin, how do I go about creating the credentials on the site?
ok thanks, I just generated the client codes.
However, my account does not seem to be activated for online payments.
To which email address should I write to validate my account?
No, everything is ok, thank you, and have a nice evening
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:So glad to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents but that is beyond my virtual assistant's competence.
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello NAME-N,
I got PRS-ORG this morning.
And unsuccessful emails:
In my settings I can see the PRS-ORG pro package that I chose.
I was charged in November
However, on December 3rd I was charged an additional 172.8 euros for 1 year of subscription to debitoor
Not only can't I see debitoor in my settings, but PRS-ORG had migrated me in the spring.
And now the service invoice is telling me that it's my fault that I should unsubscribe.
I did not subscribe to debitoor, and it does not appear anywhere in my settings.
But I've already done that several times
You can see for yourself that I do NOT have debitoor
Could I speak to a human please?
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
Can I speak to a human?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello.
I subscribed to a bill pro plan.
The sent invoices do not contain the payment link (although it was chosen when editing the invoice)
Yes, I am surprised and disappointed by these difficult beginnings.
Alright.
I count on you. While waiting for the problem to be solved, I will send a payment link (at 2.50% instead of 1.25%) to my client.
I can't make her wait.
How does the subscription cancellation work if I can't use the billing?
I am counting on you
Have a good day
ebook
Hello, I can't switch to my eReader the books I bought, which are however on my PRS-ORG account.
Good morning, I can't switch to my eReader the books I bought, which are however on my PRS-ORG account.
Visitor uploaded: books-PRS-ORG.png
URL: URL
Type: image/png
Size: 960351
The books appear on my PRS-ORG account (see photo) but I can't transfer them to my PRS-ORG eReader.
Yes, it's the same email address.
I have disconnected my reader and am trying to reconnect it.
I am asked to choose a wifi network.
I did that but then I'm stuck... no other page loads...
Ah no, ok, I'm making progress....
It worked, I did it!
Thank you and have a good day!
I sent an email to report a malfunction on my PRS-ORG
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
Yes, always
So what can I do for you Gregory?
Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For instructions on how to troubleshoot your device, it's here: URL.
Are you still having difficulties with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, always, No, thanks}
I'm sorry about that.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I sent you an email with my EMAIL address
To report that it is working.
Please check it.
I've already checked if you received the email.
because I don't have a device to do it but delivery
You found my email.
Yes
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I had a quote done in 2022.
I can't find it, could you provide me with a new one?
Sorry, I didn't phrase my question correctly.
This is not a payment statement but a quote
I am an insertion structure, and I am currently completing an application for a grant for which I need a quote
yes, but I don't understand your answer
I only have one profile
Okay, I will send an email from my main email address.
No, thank you.
Have a nice day
Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please hold while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello my sum up is inactive
I tried to reactivate it after several months of not using it
It appears inactive, however
I have a message error on the screen
I took a screenshot of my account
I can't send the second photo
It says; inactive
It doesn't turn on
And when I reloaded it - on the screen; error message
Thank you. How do I restart it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Good evening, NAME-F
I'm having trouble logging into my PRS-ORG account.
I had created an account with my EMAIL address but I no longer have that address
So I can't log in to my account and I don't know how to do it
The email address was EMAIL
I had my sims games on it
I remember the email address but I cancelled it a while ago
So I can't reconnect to it to reset the password
Is it possible to reactivate my account with a new address using my phone number or other information?
So I lose all my games?
;(
Yes, I can create a new account but I lose all my games.
I paid around 200€ for it
I checked but now it's impossible to create a URL address again
It can only be done on PRS-ORG or URL
Thank you very much
I want to talk to a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you Anchati?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human to help you with that.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
I sent an email asking to change my information.
I didn't get any answer.
I wish to make some changes.
new phone number: PHONENUMBER
New email address: EMAIL
I'll do that right away.
hello
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
We are having problems with PRS-ORG pay
We are having problems with PRS-ORG pay
It simply does not work.
We have 2 and both have the same problem:
PHONENUMBER
and also PHONENUMBER
Yes, great.
Thank you NAME-F.
Nothing else to report.
We can close this discussion.
Good evening.
I just bought a book: A Palace of Ashes and Ruins.
And I just realized that I already had it in my library.
Is it possible to have a refund?
Regards,
Mrs. NAME-F
Dear EMAIL,
Saturday, April 17, 2021
A palace of ashes and ruins
Can you credit it to my PRS-ORG account?
Thank you in advance
No, thank you very much for your promptness.
Have a good evening
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello Mickael, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
“.
Number change
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I made a request to change my phone number, but unfortunately I didn't get any response.
Yes, that's it
Old number PHONENUMBER
Well, but this is the one I checked on my account before writing to you.
On the account it is written PHONENUMBER
Yes, that's it, the company number is a mobile number
Ben changing the person is the same thing.
And what is the email?
To change the business one
Thank you very much
