Well, it goes like this.
Yesterday I experienced an annoying incident.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I logged in I only had 776
Ok.
Yes I signed up yesterday through the PRS-ORG App.
Then I was thrown out and when I registered again, the coins were gone
So I myself did not buy anything.
As I said, I was online via the PRS-ORG app to take care of SBC.
I was then logged out, and when I logged in again, the coins were gone.
Could it be that they were bought differently?
Because I was at work when it all happened.
So it must have happened at my PRS-ORG.
As I said, I was at work at that time and I was just annoyed because I didn't know where my coins were.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
Too bad that PRS-ORG can’t do anything about these problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible for in-game purchases.
There is really still room for improvement.
Focusing on customers more than profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, this is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
If you're too good (Season 1 Elite €
the goals can not be achieved like in the picture
That's why experience is lacking for seasonal progress
Please automatically rate the goals as completed if a “better” goal aka div 2 has been fulfilled
No, it's about season experience
But I still take rewards so it's not like that 😂
i.e. the targets are unlocked?
Or will we get compensation because they are unreachable?
Since they apparently cannot help me with the current problem, no
Nevertheless, have a nice evening!
Good morning, our device would like us to go through the EC cards.
This is not possible with our device at all.
What are we going to do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'm now reviewing your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently, we are managing the clinic, so I am not always on my mobile phone.
I'll pass that on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and is on duty in the consulting room.
It will clarify the issue from the main account later.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi NAME-M!
I still can't buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, that's only possible via the PRS-ORG.
Please activate this feature for me as soon as possible, I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and have played many games in PRS-ORG, in addition I have already purchased PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app, the game is only half as much fun, I pay a lot for the game, so I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great, I don't have to buy a PRS-ORG without that feature.
Thank you for your help!
I have played all the modes and made a lot of games in PRS-ORG.
Can't that be sped up?
That's a pity, because it takes away the fun of the game.
Everyone can buy and sell players via the app, but not themselves.
This is really not nice, what PRS-ORG is doing.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and so you will be treated, it is not nice.
Okay, that's too bad. I'll try a little longer, and hope it works quickly.
Otherwise, I don't need the game any more.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thanks, I am fine.
My PRS-ORG works fine until the easylauncher, then a black window opens and closes again
No
I don't even get into the game.
I think it's because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked
but I can't clear this
Yes
No.
not before
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to devote myself to another topic.
I'm back.
Is there the possibility to provide product data, for example, via CSV import for a multitude of products / services?
Yes.
The connection still exists.
I ask for some patience with my answers, as I also wait a while for an answer.
I would like to add a large number of articles with descriptions, etc. at once using csv import.
Is this function available?
I would like to apply a variety of articles with descriptions etc. by means of csv import at once.
Is there this function?
The emphasis is on "plurality".
It is about migrating from another system
Thanks for forwarding
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a device block because I supposedly violated the rules.
I wish they would remove it so that I could at least start over.
Otherwise, I wouldn't know what to do with the game.
I can't play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to at least start over and get a chance.
The other accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the possibility to create a new account and start over because I don't know what I should do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I did not receive an email from your team.
I would like NAME-N.
Otherwise I would wait 45 days.
If, on the other hand, you can do nothing.
The paper roll is not recognized
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will put you through to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I did not understand that.
Could you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking it up
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
no receipt is printed
Yes.
Error message - Printer has no more paper.
Create a new role and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
It’s brand new and today the print is not working anymore because it does not recognize the paper.
it is the original roll that came in the device and it is not recognized.
The items in the package are not recognized either!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
I hope so too.
Umm, I have the following problem.
I sent a DSVGO inquiry yesterday and now I have not received an answer.
How long does something like this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, therefore I would like to have an DSGVO information, because I would like to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Okay, then I will have to be patient.
I just hope that this will be cleared up.
I put a lot of money into the game and I also put in a lot of effort to win and farm the players.
Ok, I'll wait until I get an answer.
Ok, thanks for the help, thanks to you too
Accidentally PRS-ORG Rejected
Yes, thank you, I hope you too.
My problem is the following:
Yes, thanks, I hope you are doing well.
I accidentally repelled a player when I completed the PRS-ORG
Can I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG on 20.12 as a gift.
I've already talked to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG who referred me back to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not arrive in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was indeed activated through the account, but the PRS-ORG have unfortunately not yet been credited to the account to this day.
Can you understand that?
You redeemed the code and don't have a PRS-ORG game?
I made PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to get them into the club, my controller fell and I spat it out.
I received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link even though I have neither a PRS-ORG nor an account.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza)
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change this now
The problem is that I have no data from the predecessor
And I need to change this as quickly as possible because of the ec-card payments and
They don't have a phone hotline.
Unfortunately not from the predecessor.
we would have to register again completely, so to speak
Or what idea do they have?
ok, and how or where do I do that?
and what does it look like if, for example, the pizza driver has to take the device with them?
Okay, thanks. I'll try it. If I have any more questions, I'll get back to you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Same here!
I spent twice 20 € for PRS-ORG on 31.10, but never received the transfer.
No I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I bought them but did not receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
Through the PSN Store on the PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
I have both receipts.
Hello, I have not been able to complete my purchase for a few days.
How can the error be fixed?
EMAIL
This should have happened on 3/1.
so that I have to enter the credit card number again?
It didn't work out unfortunately.
No, my patience is over for today.
I have other things to do.
Maybe I will take another system.
Schade was actually always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
12 at the bottom.
I have already checked whether there was a block, but my history does not show any.
Correct.
The game does not start, although it did so without problems so far.
System is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
It didn't work even with my two sons.
These people have other e-mail addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I will try that and get back to you.
I have purchased PRS-ORG in order to use the advertised crossplay in F1 22.
However, you cannot play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore I demand a refund and cancellation of the subscription on NAME-M.
If this is made up for, then I would like to be a customer again.
EMAIL
I exchange with other drivers of the ALPHANUMERICID what you have done there again, instead of enjoying the new part with all of you.
Other than that, things are good and I thank you for the enquiry.
How was your day?
Do they annoy a lot of people?
Isn't it lousy for PRS-ORG to have constant problems helping people?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something great.
Green is the color of hope, right?
What's going to happen now?
I did not want more.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, just now I had a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case to you and you sent me a code (to verify me) by e-mail so that you can forward the problem.
When I was back on the page of PRS-ORG the chat was gone.
Here is the code, if you can use it somehow.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG I thought.
Yes I know, it's about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Yes, I know, it's about my brother, he is eleven years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But there is no 6-digit code in my email
What do I have to do now?
ebook
I loaded a title via Onleihe on my PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for that
I carried out the authorization normally beforehand.
One title is "An Immoral Special Offer."
Yes exactly, that I use
I
I will try it again and otherwise I will report this case separately
Thank you!
Unfortunately, it did not work out again, who can I contact?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp
You will help me?
users of the PRS-ORG trial access cannot use the web app
I get this message when I start the web app.
Why is that?
My PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG e-mail?
Clear, thanks.
Thank you, that is very nice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I'm pretty angry right now.
Just chatted with one of their colleagues and after following his advice I can't even get into my PC anymore.
PRS-ORG has pulled an update.
Now my normal password no longer works
It was like that, yes.
But now PRS-ORG no longer starts and I no longer have access to the PC because it now apparently wants a PRS-ORG password, which I don't have!
I had previously a number or.
Numeric code
Now I can't even enter payment details
A small problem has become a giant one!!!
Damn it again.
But I don't have the NAME
Was lost with my note about passwords.
Alex, that can't be true!!!
All because of the great tips from her colleague!!!
Thank you very much.
What nonsense is that person telling me.
This can take forever now
Yes.
Forward me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is , how can I help you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it would have to be exchanged.
Now I am on the road and do not have the device with me.
I will have to call again.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I will get back to you when I can read the serial number.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would like you to update it so that I can change the login data and a copy of the invoices can also be sent to me.
It is now called EMAIL
Exactly.
Previously it was EMAIL, and now the one mentioned above.
And my website is now called URL, but I could change that for the bills, etc. myself.
My concern is that I change my login details and also receive a copy of the invoice.
Yes, I am. It took a while to write:-)
I sent an email a few days ago, but I have not yet received a response.
but I write again one, thank you so much :-)
Thank you
No thanks :-) Have a nice day!
Best Regards
Dear Sir or Madam,
I bought several PRS-ORG on 01.01.2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I am asking for verification and reimbursement.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, one of them is "Bloody Fetters"
But I did get all the books, since I was asked to try again when I made the first order.
But I will happily await your feedback.
Thank you for your effort
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would like not to send back a Sum Up ordered first.
I order the PRS-ORG for that.
First question: With the PRS-ORG I can enter the sum at the terminal and don't need an app where I have to do it, right?
Second question: How does the refund work?
Exactly, that air I would like to send back.
After that, I ordered the PRS-ORG.
Of course, it will be another 10 minutes until I get back to the device.
Will the NAME-M not be lost?
Not that I have to start again from the beginning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
I am doing well.
I would very much like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC does not have a CD drive.
Can you download PRS-ORG somewhere or will it be available for download on PRS-ORG again one day?
Does this mean you can never download it again?
What if I buy games on PRS-ORG and then install them on a different computer?
Can I then store them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no chance at all?
Okay, then I'll look... maybe we can find a way.
Thank you anyway!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I would like to have the points that were promised to me in the version?
But why don't I get them from the 27th?
Ok.
Thank you very much.
I'm waiting.
I'm annoyed that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and I don't want wars.
I just want them to come as quickly as possible.
Otherwise, I won't gain anything from the early access.
Alright.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can I know your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I wanted to ask what is wrong with it.... I have been playing PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG since the release+ Early Access, and the transfer market (Web App/Companion App) is still not unlocked... something must be wrong... I really need it... Best regards
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day
Yes, exactly.
yes, but I've been playing for 3 weeks
how can it be that it is still not unlocked...
play every day actively
Here, something is not right.
If I am not enabled in 1 month, what then?
can you help me then?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or must both be actively played, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you...
Have a nice day, and I hope that this will finally happen soon... what a really crazy system you have there with the "play through" requirement.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thank you, it works, except that I wanted to reload 12k points via the web app ALPHANUMERICID this morning, but unfortunately, I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the moment.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because that is ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super nice and kind if you could do that.
I've been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you're interested in my age, I'm 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved my day, and for that I am very grateful.
I will check three times in the future what I have clicked on.
Have the points already been transferred?
Ok, a moment please
Great, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We cannot establish a mobile network connection.
We have restarted, taken out the sim card and put it back in, tried various locations, but it doesn't work.
It is possible with the wlan, however.
PHONENUMBER
It is switched off...
starts again
I logged in, now it is searching again.
connected to wlan
it works
also with the mobile network
Can you tell me why it's working now?
So that we can avoid the error.
We had the error since yesterday and suddenly it works again???
Many thanks for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Thank you, I'm happy too
On PRS-ORG yes
This is not the problem
I can log in to the servers without any problems.
However, when the audwhl of game statuses comes and I press ok, my game is, I guess, zoomed in too close.
So I can't see anything
NAME-M then I am curious, thank you very much for your help
No, otherwise it was just confusing.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I should not have done so.
But honestly, who pays attention to small print when pulling packs.
I bought the game more expensive.
And would like to be able to take advantage of it.
In any case a new pack will be delivered.
Do I need to worry about it?
Very nice.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the club name in the goals.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
To be precise, it's about the abbreviated form that you then see at the top in the game.
E-mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
or PRS-ORG account is also RufusNasedo.
I think I have confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to still change it via the support?
Typical for the company in terms of customer service, but thanks anyway.
There is nothing else.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
I have already chatted with a colleague from you guys.
My game does not start anymore after the update
NAME-M, that's me.
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email. Here is the code.
What exactly?
EMAIL
Well, after the update today, the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG opened and wants to start and does not
Graphic driver reinstalled the latest installed
repair a game
That's it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, in the PRS-ORG desktop app, I was told that I would receive 4600 PRS-ORG with the heading "More PRS-ORG", if I bought PRS-ORG, I bought it and did not receive points
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you.
Have you written a follow-up message?
I think I got one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When will I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just finished the PRS-ORG subscription
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version
but I was indicated that I will get the PRS-ORG 4600
can I then cancel PRS-ORG so that I get my money back?
ok clear I will try it, dnake
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello!
I received the message that the login is not possible unexpectedly during the login in PRS-ORG.
Now I can no longer log into my account and the email for password recovery is still not sent.
* will
It is EMAIL.
118850
If the code is
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will Alphanumeric be issued?
Payment
2,579.91
NAME-M
When exactly is the amount of 2579.91 paid out?
I have not received the money
Only the last amount of 43 francs was paid out.
43.83
So I don't have the money, they don't have to check it, I don't
Yes I have.
But I did not receive the amount of 2579.91
Hello.
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I cannot buy books from them because I only have a PRS-ORG EC-Card.
Can I also give them a direct debit authorisation?
EMAIL
So far I couldn't shop yet because I couldn't pay.
And among these payment options, none of them is suitable for me.
As I said, I only have the option of paying by EC card from the Sparkasse or giving you a direct debit mandate.
Even transferring money to them would be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send back the purchased PRS-ORG.
Only those who accept one of the payment options I mentioned
I would also like to thank them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I have purchased a PRS-ORG, but do not have access to the PRS-ORG web app
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I've just played PRS-ORG and further older parts.
PRS-ORG not
Do I have to do a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG first?
The web app has been running for 2 days, but I see a disadvantage in that until 27.09.
Get access to PRS-ORG
Where are you from?
Her grammar isn't 100%, but since I'm older, I can often figure out the meaning.
Thank you for the help
You too
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable enable PRS-ORG
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I am now transferring you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I did not understand that.
Could you rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, thank you for the info.
Otherwise everything works perfectly
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
This morning, when I was using my app, I saw that my transfer market was no longer working. Can you give me any information on this?
There it says I got an email but unfortunately I did not get it. That is why I am contacting the support.
Yes.
I've been buying and selling players through the night just to earn coins so I can improve my PRS-ORG
Can it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
Like how they look I also regularly buy from the PRS-ORG store, of course I'm not a bot or anything else
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market
All clear, thank you for your time :)
I hope for good news
To start the game again with joy 😊
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68%, the message comes that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There are only two options: Try Again and Cancel.
One moment, I need to restart the installation.
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred while trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I'm installing the game in English)
Not right now.
I am trying out the feed solution.
If there is still a problem, I will contact you again.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
When I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And the ball goes to the, in a circle of several meters, only free standing, counterpart, then what exactly is that called?
>Otherwise I would not have specified it as a game PRS-ORG
Please, again in understandable German.
Your sentence just now was a really bad accident.
What exactly did you want to tell me?
Yes, the situation I described to you
Do you really think about what you write for at least 5 min with every answer?
“The situation you mentioned is a technical bug!”
Yes, I believe that too.
However, the same bug was already there last year
I reported this to you as well.
Among other things in your PRS-ORG
And there I was told by your PRS-ORG_rephii that all of this would make sense.
And may it be so with you
One of you then apparently didn't have the truth with
How do I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT:Please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Are you looking to return a device, or is the issue regarding the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Send device back,Status of the return},
NAME-M_TEXT: All right.
I will now pass you on to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I'll look
I'm now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thanks.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to try it out at a booth, but would like to give it back.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 28/11.
Unfortunately, it is lying at home.
Then I have to look again when I'm at home.
Thank you, I will do it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
All right, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game the quest to unlock “Fleet-A-Pita” doesn’t start, the quest should be called “Investors”.
Exactly :)
Oh, no.
I don't have a NAME-M yet.
Then it must certainly be due to
Thanks for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these in the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but have not gotten them yet.
Sure.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly should I do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG Legends is currently causing me some problems.
For about 2 weeks now, there have been approx.
80% of game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, lie around.
My figure is not wrong.
And I can no longer get out of the game at the end of the round and have to start the application again.
What could be the cause of this?
The Internet connection works without any problems.
I've looked at all the links and we've already tried everything.
For example, you changed the DNS server and tried it out at low utilization times.
It works without problems in other games, and individual rounds work without problems, too.
Could it be due to the servers?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID Cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m, the cable was newly installed 3 days ago to be able to rule out the error.
Ok, I will report the bug.
Thank you and have a great day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment, please, I'm looking it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with her colleague
I have a question
I tested PRS-ORG invoices and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like the trial invoice to be deleted so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice for me?
After all, there is an extra test bill.
I must get rid of them.
No booking results from this.
This was a test in which I went too far.
No payment is made.
I just entered it as a test
but then it is as if I had paid
That's wrong.
cannot just set my "billing range" to 0
Nothing has been done yet
then please close my account and I will re-register.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can I ask what your first name is?
I wanted to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to sign up with a different device, the password I was given wouldn't work.
I tried to reset it, but that doesn't work either.
Please help me!
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you
Unfortunately, nothing came of it.
893361
So another email with the password to be used comes, right?
What code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thank you so much!
I set up a PRS-ORG account many years ago with an email address that now only serves as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I inadvertently opened a second account with a different email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to combine these two accounts because I always have to switch
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account is on EMAIL, the second one is on EMAIL
I would like to have everything run through EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Could you help me with that?
On which email address did you send the code?
Which email address did you send the code to?
I didn't get anything.
I will check the spam.
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you!
Visitor • 16:26:02
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from which to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:You should also only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example: “How do I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will put you through.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I have received the confirmation email.
Thanks, for today everything is done
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was locked out of the transfer market.
Alleged coin delivery.
But that cannot be the case.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and already invested 400€.
I have also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Ok.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am not aware of any guilt!
So I was still in the game last night and then everything was in order.
I have also carried out parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to check the transfers in the app and then the message came with the lock and the info about the coin.
I can't understand and comprehend it!
That is why I am counting on your help.
I changed my password immediately this morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
I was clearly hacked and blocked from the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
Wanted to play Battlefield again for years and switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG in the meantime.
When the game started, I received the message that I needed to renew my password.
I did the same, but I still can't get into the game.
The same message always comes up - change password.
I can register with PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via the PS Icon, will the message come back "Reset Password"?
Exactly.
Then the message always appears: Change password or error with PRS-ORG.
Despite password resetter
Thank you!
My e-mail is EMAIL, for the PS I have the same e-mail
OK.
I'll look into it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition of PRS-ORG22
I received the 4600 PRS-ORG, the loan player and the dead item
The OTW item is missing, however, and has not appeared in my account despite logging in and out.
Can you help me with this?
My first name is NAME-M, excuse me, I read that over
the email address is:
EMAIL
Thanks for the information, then I am reassured!
Thanks!
That's all, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I am doing well.
And you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German commentary language with PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
ALPHANUMERICID error
I am glad to hear that.
Very gladly.
:-)
Thank you for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to be German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
However, I would like to have the comments in German as well.
Ok, thank you very much.
I'll try it.
Very gladly.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi.
I was told that I could use my token in an hour, it has been 2 hours and it still doesn't work
But how is that possible, my colleague told me I have a token
I lost a token because of a game error?
How can it be that I get no token?
I even have a clip
why are they saying something different now from what they have said in other cases?
I have saved a clip, how does the opponent start, and the game exits?
and I get a defeat
This is not because of my internet, but because of the game.
Because I had no other choice.
But as I see it, the colleague in front of them has not noted everything correctly.
I get 2 different answers from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I will now join your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the touchscreen button for "Pay" no longer works on my PRS-ORG device.
And I can't turn off the device, because it is the same touch screen button.
I have to quickly look up what it means.
PRS-ORG
exactly
the lower key doesn't work
For more than 3 weeks now.
OK.
No
Hello I am NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I'm doing fine so far:) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
And now I can't buy PRS-ORG because the error message says: "There is a problem at the cash register of PRS-ORG.
Please try again later."
is coming.
Exactly, that is correct
I try to buy points on a PC or in PRS-ORG.
I have also tried that.
However, this does not work either.
There is the message that I have to deserve access to the transfer market.
But I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any error message a few months ago.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes I am doing well, of course I hope you too
I received a transfer ban this morning although I had nothing to do with it. I have a transfer list with players I sell more expensive and the players go more expensive and today I received a ban.
But when I go to my ban history, there is no email there.
If there is no history and I didn't get an email why I was banned
Because this message really shocked me, because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly I can't use it anymore
Of course, that would be very nice, as I also drew NAME-M recently and was able to improve my team thanks to him.
And now I am locked out, that is very stupid, because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very kind.
I have to go to work now, is it somehow possible for me to reach you again?
I just leave the customer chat open
My car navigation device is broken.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I’m NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, it seems an error has occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will connect you to one of our support employees who will take care of your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
The chip reader is working.
However, when it says put the card in, the card is not read.
The problem has been with the PRS-ORG device for about a month.
I have several customers who pay with card.
So, the problem with multiple cards
Unfortunately not at the moment.
Since I'm not in the shop.
I would like
Thank you
Can you also be contacted by phone?
No thanks.
They have helped me a lot.
I wish you a nice working day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
Since today the problem exists in need for speed unbound.
The camera in the game shifts so that it is impossible to play.
No changes have been made.
The day before everything ran without problems.
I can play this game.
but since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
the camera shifts for no reason while playing
No, I don't get an error.
It appears suddenly while normal playing.
Okay sounds great.
Thank you for your help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it unplayable.
Have a nice evening.
No, thanks.
Thanks a lot for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
yes I am doing well
I hope they will also
I don't get in the pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
it always says for me that data will be loaded for clubs
How can I revise too much?
review
There are only a few of them.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, here is NAME-M
I have not found any possibility to give tips to the developers.
That is why I am reporting here, because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem with PRS-ORG at the moment is cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
Who can I send them to?
I am looking forward to it very much.
And thanks in advance.
Thank you very much.
And have a nice day.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'll check.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
The following e-mail address is used to access our account: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, as we have cancelled the subscriptions.
That is why we need to change the e-mail address as the access point for PRS-ORG.
Can we do this ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
Payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have done this already and hope that we have done everything correctly.
Can you check this out?
All clear, NAME-M.
Thanks for the help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, today was a great day for me. I hope the same for you.
I was just about to start my PRS-ORG when I got an error message that the game could not be started.
Initialization error during booting.
When I press play, I get the error message: Can not be started.
Boot initialization error { DEVICEID: DEVICEID: PHONENUMBER: DEVICEID}
I have already repaired the game area 2x
I just found out that it had to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disturbance.
Thank you anyway for your help.
Stay healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Played draft, single players and 2.
There was an error message and he is out of the game now I am in again and my draft is over after a game.
Ok and what do I do now, there it says, claim reward after a game
The second time.
The first time was the first draft, it happened there apparently because of the player NAME-M
Yes, there was.
It said something about a system error and I was immediately kicked out of PRS-ORG.
I also reported the disturbance directly by clicking on it
Should I redeem the reward and will I then get my draft token back?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order.
I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG yesterday through the PRS-ORG store for 17.49€, but I have not yet received them.
What is the reason for this?
Yes, you can do it
Do they need something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that.
I also tried to look via the webapp if the points had already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send it to them then?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I would like to connect my PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
If I sign up, I should confirm via my old number (ends with 277) and not via my new number.
My new number is in the PRS-ORG account.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to sign up with PRS-ORG to use various bonuses.
Yes
As I said, I can't sign up at PRS-ORG; I'm supposed to verify myself via my old mobile number, which is no longer in my account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to sign up with PRS-ORG and then confirm it with my old mobile number with PRS-ORG.
The problem is not with PRS-ORG
Somewhere in the settings of my account, my old mobile number is still there &amp; I should verify with this
My email address is EMAIL
I have already entered my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when registering with PRS-ORG I could verify myself with the new number.
I can only register with other sites but I'll try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and used them to get a draft token.
When I tried to start the game, the image hung and nothing worked anymore.
So I had to restart the game.
After that I noticed that my points and my token were gone.
This is not the first time that this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing about connection, my connection was also fine.
But that happens from time to time in the middle of
I'm just getting kicked off the servers even though I have Internet.
Yes, my email is EMAIL
everything is good, I have time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
On Tuesday 9:00 AM I submitted a case regarding my hacked account with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long will the processing take? Approximately?
It would be extremely important to me to get my coins back.
I am well and them?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure right now
I am glad they have had a good day so far!
Alright, all clear, thank you, I look forward to a prompt processing.
Hello, I'm NAME-M.
Thanks, how about you?
My problem is this:
Since approx.
I have been unable to start an online game in PRS-ORG for a month despite PS+.
I've tried to play it for sure hundreds of times, but every time I start a game, I'm thrown out with the message "The connection to the opponent was interrupted".
I have contacted PRS-ORG customer service, but the proposed solutions have not worked.
Now I would like to ask if you have any more ideas to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course that's fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry for not writing for a long time.
Thank you for the problem solving steps you have taken.
That sounds great!
Should I try it right now, to see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thanks.
I'm trying PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you very much and a nice weekend.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I had already contacted PRS-ORG and they couldn't help me.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and also bought PRS-ORG in addition to it, so that I can hook 10 hours of play.
I have already logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and re-downloaded PRS-ORG.
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for help and I am now at the point where I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
But I am sure that it should work any minute.
Please continue to check it for now
What do they want to tell me?
Yeah, sure, I'd like to as well.
Or they refund me the 4 euro and I wait until the 27th.
I have no more time to waste
Yes well, if I can't play the game even though I paid extra money for it, that would be very nice of you.
if the problem cannot be solved by 2 people from the support
Yes so please refund my money if nothing else happens here.
Okay, thanks
yes, everything is clear, the email arrived, thank you
yes, thank you
I wasted 3 hours, thanks.
ne, everything is fine, that's enough
No, I don't like it.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I only get such sick opponents with mbappe Zidane and slles
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me some normal opponents at my level.
And why do I have so much momentum in my soiel?
Digga, I'm 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still down.
Digga give me my money back, I'm breaking the CD also in the video.
I play PRS-ORG since I started wearing pants, but what should that
My account was hacked, a few players were sold by me and one was bought at a high price and was sold for the repellent price
The players that were gone from my team were Allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M
I changed my passwords immediately afterwards
But I would have already liked to have the players back again.
I have now changed it
I am unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I feel quite good after a long working day.
I hope you are doing well too.
I have the following problem: today I finished at PRS-ORG the goal Winter-Wildcards day registration.
I completed the last partial destination by SBC today after 7 p.m. on the app via mobile phone.
Afterwards I wanted to collect the 10x83+ pack for today's registration as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter Wildcards Player Pack.
There it was displayed that the PRS-ORG has been canceled.
I then looked it up in the shop.
However, I did not receive either of the packs.
What can you do now to check it?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username.
Okay, thank you so much for the information!
Then I'll wait a little longer.
Thanks for the information and have a nice evening.
No, thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Return the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you the best if you ask your question briefly and unambiguously, for example "How can I change my email address?".
{ChatWindowButton:Send device back,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:All right.
I will now forward you to one of our support employees who will take care of the return of your device.
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
Hello
I would like to send back my 3G device
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much
No, that was it :) thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M and I just got out of a chat.
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Can you check out what was going on with the number?
I think my request has been solved!
Thank you very much to you and your colleague!
Thank you so much and have a nice evening both of you!
No, thank you!
Ciao!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
I already asked this on Thursday and got this number HERE PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I am right here
I am NAME-M
I just would like to know why I can no longer get the pre-order packs, I got these on the PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the x-factor version.
And switched to the Playstation 5 3 weeks ago but did not receive these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I've just received this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account for the PRS-ORG 5 as for the 4th one.
And when will that happen?
I do not want to play with the PRS-ORG version anymore.
I hope that works somehow and sometime, because for that, 100€ was a lot of money.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
It worked with my friends, but I had this problem that I couldn't use it.
Since you can pre-order PRS-ORG
so a little longer already.
If you pre-order that in the game you will also get a discount of 10%.
Okay, then I'll try it this way
under email settings?
ok, I have activated it.
Do you know how long this can take?
No, that would be all.
thanks for the quick help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask, from when can PRS-ORG be downloaded for the Play?
Is it perhaps already possible on Wednesday at 00:00?
Yes, that's me. I even pre-ordered the 99 euro version.
But is there any way to find out because I would let the download run overnight.
I took extra leave for PRS-ORG
Okay, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG Middle Ages and Pirates via PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The middle age install worked smoothly however the pirate one did not.
I waited a few days now and wanted to play before, now I can't open the game.
and I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you.
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager it says the pirates download is completed
When I go into my game shop it says PRS-ORG Medieval to play and "new expansion ready to install".
then i click on pirates to download but it doesn't work.
I'll try their link now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
thank you very much for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts that run under the same email address.
One for PRS-ORG back then and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration by email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is okay so far, but my PS account is not stored there.
Then I registered with the same email via the PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked to that of my ex-boyfriend... how the hell does that work?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to mine.
If I enter my registration data, do I come to your account?!
If I enter MY registration data, I will end up on HIS* account
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I cannot remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I'll have to write to PRS-ORG again..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello I'm NAME-M
And, well, I have the problem that I preordered PRS-ORG, but did not receive the 4600 points.
I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but I did not receive the 4600 points
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I wonder why they are not here.
I'm already getting into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22 anyway.
I do have access to the preview.
Most of them also have already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I have completed a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG mode, unfortunately I have not received the reward for this.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both sub-tasks, but unfortunately have not received the icon pack.
Exactly
How can I get my reward now?
About 20-30 min
And after 24 hours, my package should arrive?
I will do that, but I did not receive the package.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, I'm NAME-M, my game is not starting again... I was already here today
EMAIL
I'm a bit frustrated..
yes it's about PRS-ORG
The game doesn't start.
No, the game doesn't start, one time I could start the game
no, none at all, when I press "games" the PRS-ORG is briefly minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing happens.
I have already done that.
Hi, everything is working again, thank you!
