Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via e-mail about my PRS-ORG.
After all, my whole team has been sold and packages have been bought without me doing that myself.
So I think my account has been hacked ....
I have currently changed all my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified e-mail address no longer exists.
To change my login details, I must use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
from NAME-F
That's fine
e-mail address: EMAIL
no?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
close the old one?
I can't find where I can do that in URL.
I paid for a book but did not receive it.
Can someone contact them?
EMAIL
January 2 2021
Title of book is NAME-M
Is there anyone still?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 Pass no. 013
This is in the payment
It is there in between.
Thanks for the help and have a great day
This morning I bought the PRS-ORG (3 audiobooks by NAME-M, €52, but I don’t get them downloaded as sound files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please respond quickly, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes last with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it doesn't download anything.
If your purchase information wasn't so flawed, I never would have started this.
I prefer a refund.
Thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the website owners to update the information?
That could help me in the future, if I were to order something.
I have just logged out on advice and logged in again but still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader
When I want to pay I'm redirected to payment method which was never the case. Small unreadable letters and then he asks are you sure you want to cancel the sale?
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
first delete everything through the website
re-enter and how does PRS-ORG synchronize
I'm doing it with the e-reader
I am going to try again for now, thank you, and if it does not work, I will contact you.
I am contacting you about the interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I also can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can no longer log in).
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or by NAME-M's PRS-ORG.
Yes, that is what I get.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for it does not come in my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't get into that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
Aha! I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being the entry via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a new password.
Now it seems to work...
Yes, all right!
That login screen from PRS-ORG is pretty small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
OK, I'm done.
I try to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a 1 month trial period.
Could that be a factor?
This involves the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If it is correct, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
we only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Done, Write Review, and Delete.
Why has this changed?
This was possible because there are articles about this on the internet.
Then at this point the trial period has failed.
I can't open this book in my PRS-ORG app
September 5 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I'm being kicked out all the time.
I can open the other books.
It's only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on an PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
It works again!
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read.
Thank you.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
By the way
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw today
What about PRS-ORG points that I purchased from PRS-ORG microsoft store?
Because when I contact them, they say I need to contact you
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
I think my name is
Let's just talk about the PRS-ORG points purchases first
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
I had contact with the helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I've been working on it for years and now I really want to continue / solve it.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please do so, and then we can see if I can get back into my game.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but it still doesn't work.
I created a 2nd account, and it works.
I was wondering if my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Do you still want to reset it?
yes, after a password reset now succeeded, thank you so much!
I'll check now if my game is there as well..
But my game is not in it.
Can you help me with that?
Oh I do see my orders in history.
Great, let's continue looking.
Thank you!
No, in browser
I can now, thanks again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I subscribed to PRS-ORG for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app, it gives an error message and therefore does not start.
When I click on “try again” I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Rebooting the PlayStation also does not solve the problem.
Also, I can't download the app again.
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount that I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only that discount I don't get it automatically yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10 hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22nd.
Won't I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG with the 10% discount that I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, I don't get an additional 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription even though I should
How do I contact them about that?
And on September 22nd I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play this for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
That is correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave it a very bad bad review.
And, for that, I will give you a good one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is, can you arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
All going well, thanks. How are you?
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, on PRS-ORG I did have that.
But on the console I have nothing now, and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played a lot of matches and that is also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches it still hasn't been successful.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I cannot find the book.
Have already tried all sorts of things.
After that I bought another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried everything.
Afterwards I ordered another book and that went well.
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number that is there is: PHONENUMBER
Thanks for the quick help
It is there
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an ereader PRS-ORG.
I have installed the PRS-ORG abb URL on the e-reader.
I can't find it anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
bought my first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates on sneakers.
I've been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
How do I get my e-book on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and got an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hi, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I've already tried different cables and laptops, but the same thing everywhere.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a failure.
I can also no longer perform updates / synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much in advance for the response!
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use the account for that
Then I do have the right version?
Could there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
E-reader has been reset in the meantime, but still it does not make contact with laptop.
The reader indicates that it is connected and it also charges, but on the laptop it indicates that access has been denied.
USB device is not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried several things (other / new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
title of a book is 'if you are so smart, why are you not happy?
thanks NAME-M, also a nice day for you.
I'll let you know once you have found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
So it's not that
other computers also do not recognize my e-reader
I have already cleared the drivers and followed the advice I found on the internet.
I use the supplied cable, and have even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that either
My proposal is that I return it, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has dropped a bit because of this I notice
I've tried factory settings as well.
this problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting USB ports could still work
But contacting PRS-ORG seems like a better idea, because I don't have confidence that we will solve this ourselves.
thanks.
I looked quickly, but that's not it.
the usb ports work perfectly
I will contact PRS-ORG
thanks for brainstorming
thank you NAME-M
no, I will continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
same
ebook
365 days Dutchman was the most recent ebook
Good evening.
I will wait.
I preface my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 ebooks.
I had removed some purchases shortly after purchase.
I have saved these 102 e-books and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of ebooks that will remain visible before I have to archive, if I have to do so at all?
102 e-books via PRS-ORG, I mean.
Ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG ereader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my Plus subscription.
So I assume that some of the books I have purchased are still visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still receive a refund of my money.
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are now a few days further and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take your time
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% was not working
She indicated to just make the purchase and then I would receive 30 euros refunded within a few hours.
Unfortunately, I have not received anything on my account yet.
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes fine.
Only I am surprised that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would be on my account already on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication of when it is credited, I am more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
I am in fact all over it and have purchased all the new goblin slater ebooks
Ok, 3 to 5 business days that's clear.
So no later than next Thursday
Thanks, you helped me fine and have a nice evening
Okay, I'm going to fill that out
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
Okay.
But I can download other books for free, e.g. PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Those 15 books are per month.
I have to delete read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Repair?
I don't see a "Repair"
done
I am still being charged for PRS-ORG Recommends.
I know that not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it at no cost.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it to load.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer.
however I did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game, though.
But then of course I will have lost my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I just can't load it.
He gives the following message: Can't load saved game.
Probably the game is saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, I did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I can start a new game.
But then I'm of course losing my progress.
I don't know if I fully understand it.
So I start a new game.
Then I save.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, a little patience please
Typing takes a long time
To play certain games, I need to sign in with an PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says it is already in use.
That's right, one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't proceed.
What should I do?
The account is automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thank you very much for the help.
I'll see if I can manage.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
I obviously wanted to take this NAME-M.
But because I first checked his player details, my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness, so I already find it difficult to see which pick I'm marking.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just bounces back.
This is boring me to tears now.
Yes, there is indeed a confirmation, but I don't think it includes the player name?
I had taken a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as proof here?
Too bad.
Just find it very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, viewing his player bio.
I went back and then pressed X to select this player, but suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter. Even though I will readily admit that the error was my fault when I selected and confirmed 'yes' a second time.
But by then the 'bug' or quirk had already happened in my opinion.
But if there's nothing to prove.
This is very unfortunate.
Yes you can do that.
And what might be the consequences of this?
Ok
I just had a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
ringding of NAME-M
I have just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
They also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I did see that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018....!
When tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that my subscription has been terminated somewhere because the financial data was not correct...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit was made.
Not that I know of.... in August 2017, I purchased the e-reader and subscribed to a €9€9,99 plan, per month.
After half a year, it turned out that I had a subscription at both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... I don't know how that's possible.... but one subscription has been canceled.
Then I paid faithfully every month with the credit card.
The last debit was on December 14......
December 14 2020
So activate it again at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that.... Thanks for your help...... If it doesn't work, I'll contact you again!!!
have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I tried to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
Can you make sure that he comes in my account?
thanks in advance
Ok
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
That must be him.
it is in my account
thank you!
I don't have my e-reader on hand
but it will be all right
thank you for the help now
no, it's all good
thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Weren't we already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL, the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know that.
I just see in my PRS-ORG account that there is URL mentioned.
That's right.
And on the e-reader in settings (i.e., the device) EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should therefore also be EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, is it important that PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the e-reader device.
I don't understand.
I must log out the old email address at the device in the settings/accounts subheading PRS-ORG.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I have to log out of the pocket category too?
And at adobe it now states "withdraw authorization" using the old email address.
Will that be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digibeet
And do I risk losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from a different purchase today.
I did get that book
Attached is proof of my payment
Thanks for your answer.
These are the two books.
See photo above
Surely you can see in my account that I did not get those two books
- Date the costs were charged: June 7 2023
Amount: €24.98
- Postal code (from the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details in the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Credit card holder's name: PRS-ORG
On May 6, at 20:05, I bought the book 'Seventh Sister' but can't sync it to my PRS-ORG e-reader and it also doesn't show up in my PRS-ORG trooper account.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date immediately
Yes
Look it up for a bit..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I will do that.
I found the book!
:) Thanks a lot for the quick help!
No, it's not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I'm NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Did you see my screenshot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't customize this, I've tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I cannot connect to the servers.
I've been having trouble with this for a long time now..
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot with my status.
it remains on grey and not online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc.
But I hoped to be able to use my account at both locations.
It would be a pity (frustrating) if I had to start from scratch now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh, too bad.
Do you know if that might be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere ...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your answer and have a nice evening!
Thanks a lot!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to sign up now but I can't.
The verification code sent goes to a wrong email address as well
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you!
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option, but I don't get an email from this.
*not even with unwanted
I've already tried that, but I'm not receiving an email about it.
When I want to create a new one I get a message that there is already an account on that email address
But can I then create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so I can create a new account on my email?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, can't get PRS-ORG to install from DVD.
Purchased in-store.
I have the installation code
I'm NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
Certainly.
the code is PRS-ORG
It was years ago, I think in a toy shop
New purchased at any rate
That's fine, I'll wait a bit.
This does not seem to me to be correct.
The code has not been sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because at home we already cannot install it on the PC.
So we haven't gotten to entering the code yet.
I bought a stand alone DVD player especially for this game this week!
I'm going to try that.
Will you please wait?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That would have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC.
Hi NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and are not getting the game installed that we ourselves bought new.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription was terminated before the renewal, which is why the reminder is not valid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already terminated this one before the renewal.
But now I receive a payment reminder for the period for which I had already cancelled.
yes by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
In addition to this subscription, I have nothing else running.
PRS-ORG Read &amp; Listen, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I had already canceled it for this period
Ah okay, they referred me back to you
But I will contact them again
Thanks for the effort.
I understand.
no, that was all
thanks, it still works
Yesterday I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG and it has been deducted, but I have not received the e-book.
Ordered by telephone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my ereader, he is not listed, I have gone through all the steps as in turn off etc.
EMAIL
20 and book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you my day is going fine
If I leave the chat is this gone?
I have online banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 card number.014
It's on it!
Thank you very much.
Kind regards and have a great day
Hi, I’ve had an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official hoejse with which it automatically goes into sleep mode when it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I opened it (it hasn't fallen, been moved and nothing has been on it.
He also did not get wet) the screen looked weird.
Sleep mode can still be seen at the top, then there is a part of the book, the cover, to be seen in strips and triangles, and somewhere still says "94% read".
There are also vertical lines visible.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then it remains to be seen, if I turn it on again, something changes on the screen as if it is going to, but the explained image at the top remains continuous.
What can I do and how can this happen after only one year??
Hello,
EMAIL
And I think it's a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late reply.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has had rest, I have already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing it without any reason.
Good evening, ah that's weird.
I'm sending it as a PDF now, hopefully that works.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased e-book has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thank you.
Great!
Thanks.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Is there anything else I can do?
Book has arrived by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it through PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
And have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account cannot be found according to the login tab
Which is a shame because there is quite a lot of money in it
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account does not exist anymore
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M, surely you should know that? guy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes, so you guys made Knock out city free, but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euros.
And now it is free.
Is it possible to get my money back?
Hello?
No, I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I had to get in touch with you.
Yes, okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but I haven't gotten PRS-ORG in 2022.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again. However, I cannot access the web app now. Can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I believe happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
Can I then enter webapp of 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years only 22 not.
you have all the information right
Hmm then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the web app earlier, I doubt if I will get it then
Hmm, too bad there is nothing to do about it, then I won't get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
Since last week, I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address called that
I log in via Facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL.
and then you have to type that code
and I'm not getting it
correct, it's in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app log me out of the app?
Is this because you have to log in once a month or?
then I will try that
thanks in advance
coming along, wishing you the best as well
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oh no, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat ..
In fact, I had the problem that I didn't get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end, I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming, and then check if it worked.
I have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add him.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option of adding it, but it said I had to go to the store iBelgiumië (I am also in Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to
They could already pre-load it on September 21.
But I can't add it.
Is this due to the fact that I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the gaming sector regarding purchases.
Because for example
In Belgium, you can't buy PRS-ORG because of those new laws.
I just want to make sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I am paying.
that PRS-ORG especially for that..
Okay.
I'll see
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone in person.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been passed on to your team 10 times, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I please contact someone by phone?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without any result...
I'm really getting discouraged
Thank you, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there any phone number I can contact?
Thanks!
Hopefully they can do something about it...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this issue...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just did something weird, I don't understand.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG on it.
It is no longer in my library
How can this be?
True, but I just log in to PRS-ORG and I see it there.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I do have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see it
EMAIL
No, that's okay.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well but I'm really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can start all over again now and I am a dedicated amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently, there is therefore a strange email address, as shown in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it set up securely with 2-step verification, I have already changed my PSN password.
Only the PRS-ORG account I cannot log in to, even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had previously contacted my problem.
However, I received a call, which caused my contact to disconnect the call.
But now I'm present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to has apparently ensured that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just stays with a loading sign and a clock.
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that there is no longer any loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was all!
Thank you and work further!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players sold
I've been waiting for more than a week now, and I wonder how long this will take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn't take this long
Can you check How long?
Because I am constantly being told to wait, but there is no time indication.
1 week was said that is now 1 week
And you can't see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'm assuming it's now.
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But I am not being given this
PRS-ORG
Said
Was never told very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So I now have to wait a week again?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case, you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Waiting
And do nothing and wait
Ok, bye, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I forgot my password.
I am logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
Via email or?
the associated email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it anymore here
yes, that's right, over the years I have created a new email address and forgotten to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG froze
I restart
It turns out that the package I got from that sbc was quickly sold
And of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradable
Yeah, I would just like to have my price from that sbc.
Also added pictures of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is, I believe, EMAIL
and otherwise my old one and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I've tried everything I could find on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I preordered the game but I haven't been able to play it yet
and I would like to play, but it is not possible
okay
Thanks for your help I'll wait then.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1st, but it has not been deposited into my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in, nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay, and then
But they say contact you guys
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my Playstation, but since it has become cross-play, I bought eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the PC.
now I want to start on ultimate team with the web app only I am automatically on my PRS-ORG playstation account what I don't want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now I have removed my playstation account on PRS-ORG because they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log into the web app
thank you
no I never played PRS-ORG on pc I am busy preloading PRS-ORG
Okay, so this is because I've never created an Ultimate Team on the PC?
so if I do this when the game comes out, can I use the web app completely?
well damn, I'm missing a lot of coins now :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question about an update of an already outstanding request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
Then it was said that a specialized team was going to investigate this and that it would take approximately 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was simply whether there was a possible update since I still have not received a response/compensation or the like for my 'loss'
EMAIL 😊
Indeed, over the past week, there has been an update every day that the status is updated and remains under consideration.
Of course it's a bit tiring to say so, but you yourself don't really know what exactly still needs to happen or how far they are in it.
I hope so, indeed. The desire to play the game has been much less the past week.
Anyway, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I can't access the server at all.
But I created a new PS5 account and it is working on this one.
The same applies to all my friends, they can also continue playing rivals
I have done a restart and all the help online.
but unfortunately nothing
And it's been like this all day now so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow either.
correct
Super!
thank you very much in advance
I did get a market ban, I'm currently considering it, but this shouldn't be related to rivals?
okay so it's not strange that another account can be on rivals?
Can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
okay, super, then I will do that!
thank you very much in advance!
but should I worry about my divisions?
does it just come back in order?
We are sure of that?
Great, then you are already artistically thanked!
have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat and he got disconnected
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2 which makes it difficult to play
I reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers have a lot of resistance on L2 and R2, making it difficult to play.
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my Windows PC today. I am using your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer; so I was curious if I could do anything about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And whether I could possibly still use something from a memory card or something; that would enable the game to play at normal speed.
I'll look forward to hearing from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay.
So you will be able to play faster in e.g.
hit the guard rail instead of the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah, they are quite high now (do you mean screen mode, etc.?
Oh great thanks!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thanks!
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but it is not open on the e-reader.
How can I solve this?
EMAIL
I think February 14th.
Oh no, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work, please contact me
Okay, I'm going to tackle this now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Bought two books on Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I received them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in the purchases.
Discussed this earlier this afternoon with a colleague of yours.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint does it.
I'll check the second book as well.
It does that too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel prize for fast service.
Thanks!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That's certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look back.
In any case, a number of books on mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I took out a subscription for 10 euros per
month.
I don't need that at the moment, but it's completely unclear to me how I can cancel it.
I have been endlessly searching several times already.
Yes.
I find that very nice.
Maybe I will come back to PP some time, but I am not using it for now.
Very nice!
And dealt with smoothly.
Thank you
No, fine like this.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took a PRS-ORG subscription through PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but cannot open them. I get a message that this document cannot be opened. Am I doing something wrong?
EMAIL
January 5th
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try, thanks I hope I get it out
Thanks have a nice afternoon
Yes, I'm computer illiterate, it might take a while.
Great, it works, thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the little symbol of the light and I can't get rid of that.
I also can't find out how to do that.
Please help.
EMAIL
No.
It's not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I put a lot of time and money every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without a message or reason.
A request was created yesterday but now it says "resume" this request, so I'm curious if that will work out.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I did nothing wrong and my trust is gone, and I am actually going to cancel all memberships and delete everything.
I even continued playing while due to PRS-ORG's faults I couldn't claim my item and FP points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they made yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long is that going to take?
I'm quite done with it... Not with you but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month, and I think that's too risky. Suddenly, a block is set on it.
Okay, I will.
Hopefully they will pick it up quickly.
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day further.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
i would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so that I could
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account.
so I must have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
Well, it's true
I just can't send proof
sorry sir
looked wrong
it is EMAIL
That's him
sorry for the mistake
Alright
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has since been resolved.
Only the hacker sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help restore this
The hack has sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought them back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I'm not sure I'm explaining everything properly because I don't actually play the game.
My question is whether the account can be reset to the time before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my son plays it
no, it is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been fixed
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but then the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
My old email address was EMAIL but I want to change it to EMAIL.
My account does not need to be restored, only my email address please
Great. I received a code via my email. Can I use it now to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thanks so much!!!
Good morning, On Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I can see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file ".
I have synchronized multiple times but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
is correct
download via the site,
restore, purchase via the site
I'm on it now, but it takes a while, I see, I have to search for a wifi password.
If it doesn't work this way, I'll sign in again.
Sure, I will try to log in again
Done!
Thank you for your help!
No, I can continue again.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything.
Hello, I have the ereader of my late mother.
I linked my credit card there
EMAIL
I cannot access her account, and I want to link my credit card to a new (own) account.
Yes, indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account
I changed the address details to 1432 PB (my address) yesterday, her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I can't log in?
By the way, I was able to change that on the e-reader yesterday.
I can't find that information anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, does it expire on her account?
Yes can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the data to my own account?
That would help me a lot
You're a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All right.
Thank you very much.
I'll get right on it.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, forgot about PRS-ORG, received a mail from PRS-ORG to set up ww in.
link copied to browser and then I cannot continue with nw ww setup, how does it work further?
EMAIL
nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
Ok, I'll stay online.
Exactly
Then I get into the PRS-ORG help screen.
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I get out of the PRS-ORG help screen set up new ww account
yes I will do that right away
Done
I was able to change the password, thank you very much.
Now I'm going to see if I can find a list of gratis e-books on PRS-ORG.
thank you again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased ebook.
It is on the device but says it cannot open this document.
I have restarted and downloaded it, but it still won't open.
Also through URL placed directly on the device also does not help
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an e-book this morning
good
I don't have the option to unsubscribe from PRS-ORG
Okay, I have done that
Audiobook purchased and paid.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
Was last time too
EMAIL
Today, just now
I did not get the last purchase no
Last time too.
Then I had to enter payment details
Book by NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
This isn't the first time this happens.
Is that my fault.
Good Morning,
I ordered a gift voucher yesterday, but that person has not yet received it, but I have already paid 20 euros.
I haven't received a confirmation either.
Can you find out what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift card is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has been debited indeed
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No that was it, thank you, have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - paid 2x by mistake - 2 x 10 euro and not received anything, doesn't seem right to me, please help with this
EMAIL
The last one was on 16th of jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books, so the 7th of february.
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer of 2 for 10 euros
I bought the last 2 last night.
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
Need to cut and paste
The Topi books have arrived
Thanks for this great service
we will be happy again
no my day is fine again, thanks again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere.
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I just can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 Card no.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is now there :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
