Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I have recently been in contact with you via email about my PRS-ORG.
Because with this my whole team was sold and parcels were bought without me having done it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified email address no longer exists.
in order to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that is the problem
PRS-ORG
by NAME-F
that's good
e-mail address: EMAIL
No?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
the old closing?
I can't find where to do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but didn’t receive it.
Can someone contact?
EMAIL
2 January 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated during the payment
He is in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, 52 euro but I can't download them as audio files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please respond quickly, as I have already paid
How long is a couple of minutes for you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app, but it doesn't download anything.
If your information at the time of purchase was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can make the website's administrators remove this information?
That could help me in the future, if I ever decide to order something from ng.
Logged out on advice and logged in again, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader
when I want to pay, I am directed to the payment method, which was never the case. Very small, unreadable letters and then he asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale
normally it was very simple to confirm purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
First delete everything via the website
re-entry and how to sync PRS-ORG
i am referring to the e-reader
I'm going to try it again for now thank you if it doesn't work I will contact you mrgr
I will contact you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I can't reset the password either.
EMAIL (but I can't log in anymore)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for that does not come to my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't get into that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination for the time being.
I have now requested a w password.
Now it seems to be working...
Yes, all in order!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
And close.
I try to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no option download in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that be a factor?
It is regarding the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review, and Clear.
Why was this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
In that case, the trial period has failed.
I can't open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
This concerns PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I'm always thrown out.
The other books I can open.
It is only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!It works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read a good book.
Thank you.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon by now
Meanwhile
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw it today.
What about PRS-ORG points that I have purchased from the microsoft store of PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them they say that I should contact you
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's talk about purchasing PRS-ORG points first
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
My EMAIL account with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with the helpdesk, in English, but it didn’t go well.
I can no longer log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I’ve been working on it for years and I really want to continue / have it solved.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please, and then see if I can get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but it doesn't work.
I created a 2nd account, that works.
I noticed that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked.
Do you still want to reset?
yes, after a reset password now succeeded, thank you very much!
I'm now checking if my game is in there...
But my game is not there.
Can you also help me with that?
Oh, I can still see my orders in the history.
Great, keep watching.
Thanks!!
No, in browser
I can now feel, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have concluded a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app, it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on 'try again' I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games work.
Restarting the playstation doesn't fix the problem
Also doesn't work re-downloading the app
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only I don’t get that discount automatically.
Additionally, I want to play the PRS-ORG free trial, which lasts 10 hours, from 22 September.
Do I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG because you get a 10% discount, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, although I should
How do I contact you about that?
And on September 22nd, I can just download PRS-ORG in the playstation store and play it before 10 am?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Your colleague does not.
I have given it a really bad bad review.
I’ll give you one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is if you can arrange my transfer market because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
It's going well, thank you.
Thanks, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
I had that on Jah on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason why I wanted to ask.
Because after playing so many matches, it still hasn't been successful
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I cannot find the book.
I have tried everything.
After that I picked another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment is processed.
But I can't find that book again.
I’ve tried everything.
After that I picked another book and that worked out well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number that is there is: PHONENUMBER
Thanks for the quick help
It is mentioned
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find it on the e-reader.
EMAIL
bought my first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I've been trying to get it all day on the new e-reader...
PRS-ORG??
how do i get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
Is that my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hi, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I've tried several cables and laptops, but it's always the same.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/synchronisation on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have something to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much in advance for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books from laptop to reader using a cable, so I don’t use the account for that.
Then I have the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can't connect it to the PC anymore?
Ereader has been reset in the meantime, but it still does not make contact with the laptop.
The reader states that it is indeed connected and it is also charging, but on the laptop it remains that access is refused.
USB device not recognized.
PRS-ORG not recognized by computer.
tried all sorts of things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
The title of a book is 'If you are so smart why are you not happy?
thank NAME-M, a nice day for you too.
I'll let you know once you've found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers do not recognize my e-reader either
I've already emptied the drivers and followed several advices I found on the internet
I use the included cable, and even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that
my proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other option anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has dropped a bit because of this
tried the factory settings as well.
This problem has been going on for a couple of months, unfortunately.
resetting the usb ports could still work
but contact with PRS-ORG I find a better idea, because I do not have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves
Thanks.
just quickly looked, but it's not in there.
The USB ports work perfectly.
I contact PRS-ORG
thanks for your input
thank you NAME-M
no, I'll continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
in the same way
ebook
365 dagen nederlander was the most recent ebook
good evening.
I will wait.
I am already formulating my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after making them.
I have preserved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of ebooks that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, that is what I mean.
ok but i don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG and I installed the PRS-ORG app on it.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my plus subscription.
So I assume that some ebooks will also remain visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
And have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get money refunded
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days on and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my 30% discount code wasn't working
she indicated to just do the repayment and then I would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
Unfortunately I have not yet received anything in my account
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
I'm just surprised that you are going to return my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would already be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a rough indication of when it will be deposited, I'll be more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
I am completely back on track and have bought all the new e-books by goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days that is clear.
So, at the latest next Thursday
Thanks, you helped me well and I wish you a nice evening
I'll fill it in
unknown_issue
I see that PRS-ORG recommends.
Very often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How is that possible if I have a PRS-ORG subscription?
OK
But I can download other books for free, e.g. PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
those 15 books is that per month.
Must delete read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don't see any repairs.
Done.
I still pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it without any costs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I don't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Cannot load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
I have not deleted anything
and this is for all my saved games.
I might be able to start a new game.
But then I’ll have lost my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Unable to load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
but I did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I would of course lose my progress.
I don't know if I understand it at all.
I start a new game then.
Then I go to bed.
But how do I copy the URL file then?
I'll give it a try.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a bit of patience
Typing takes a long time
To play certain games, I need to sign up with a PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says it is already in use.
That's right, there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
However, the verification code is then sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was created automatically by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will see if I can do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
Of course I wanted to take this NAME-M.
But as I checked his player details first my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness, so I already have a hard time seeing which pick I should indicate.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I am now bored to tears.
Yes, there is indeed a confirmation requested, but there is no game name next to it, I think?
I did take a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
Just find it very remarkable that I'm on NAME-M, looking at his player bio.
Back and then press X to choose this player, suddenly the choice has changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn’t matter, even if I gladly admit that it was my fault that the error occurred when I selected ‘yes’ for the second time.
But by then the 'bug' or quirk had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate this
Yes, you can do that.
And what could the consequences of this be?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink van NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I saw there that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018...!
I tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that my subscription has been terminated because the financial data was incorrect...... but I don't understand anything about that because nothing has changed.
The final deduction was made in December 2020.
Not that I know of... In August 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After half a year it turned out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don't ask me how it could happen... but 1 subscription was cancelled.
After that, I faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
the last debit was on 14 December.....
14 December 2020
So reactivate PRS-ORG again?
I'm going to try that..... thanks in advance for your help..... if it doesn't work I'll get back to you!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I have been trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
It has been written off, but it is not in my account.
can you make sure it gets in my account?
thanks in advance
Okay
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be him
it is in my account
Thank you!
I don't have my e-reader with me
but it will be alright
thanks for the help for now
no, it is all right
thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Weren't I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader?
I don't know that.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that the URL is mentioned.
That is right.
And on the e-reader under settings (so the device) EMAIL .
The last email address will soon expire and must therefore also be entered as EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2.
One with PRS-ORG and one with URL, both last Sunday.
It is also important that this is stated on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I don't understand.
I have to deregister the old email address at device settings/accounts subheading PRS-ORG.
And then what?
What do you mean with my email address NEARBY?
Do I have to unsubscribe under the category pocket?
And now Adobe withdraws the revocation with the old email address.
Is that automatically changed?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digibeet
And do I run the risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I didn’t receive a confirmation email, but the amount was reserved in my account
This is from a different purchase today.
I did get this book
Attached is proof of my payment
Thanks for your answer.
These are the two books.
See the photo above
You can also see in my account that I have not received those two books
- Date when charges were billed: 7 June 2023
Amount: € 24,98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postcode is 3840.
See further payment details in the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of the credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book 'De zevende zus' on 6 May at 8.05pm, but I can't sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I don't see it in my PRS-ORG recruit account.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and its predecessor in the house
I can't find the date immediately
Yes
Look it up..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I will do it.
I found the book!
:) Super thanks for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Did you see my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains grey.
I can't adjust this, I've tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a long time..
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot with my status.
This remains on grey and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the pc.
Is that possible or will I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on my pc.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It’s a shame (unpleasant) if I have to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that might change in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your reply and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thanks for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I would now like to sign up but this is not possible.
The verification code that was sent also went to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I don't receive an email.
*Also not for unwanted
I have already tried that, but I am not receiving an email.
When I try to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account with that email address
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you remove everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I can't get the PRS-ORG to install from DVD.
Bought in store.
I have the installation code.
I am NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
sure.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think at a toy store
Bought new in any case
That's good, I'll wait a bit
This seems wrong to me.
The code is not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can check whether the code works?
Because at home here it already fails to install on the PC.
So we haven't even gotten to entering the code yet.
I bought a stand alone dvd player just for this game this week!
i'm going to try that.
will you wait a little longer?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That will have been PRS-ORG on her old PC
Hello NAME-M, this is not very satisfying.
We are honest people and do not get the game we bought new installed.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG would still have something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I have received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription via URL.
PRS-ORG says it will get in touch with you.
This subscription has been canceled before renewal, so the reminder is not appropriate.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already terminated this one, before the extension.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated
yes by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription I don't have anything else running
PRS-ORG Read &amp; listen, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I had already ended it for this period
Oh okay, they referred me back to you again
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
i understand
no that was it
Thanks, it still works
Yesterday I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG, which was also debited, but I did not receive an ebook.
Ordered via phone.
But when I log in to my phone or my e-reader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps like turning off etc.
EMAIL
20 and book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you my day is going fine
If k leaves the chat, is it gone?
I have mobile banking
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it!
Super thanks.
Greetings and wish you a very nice day
Hello, I have had an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official cover for it which turns it off automatically when it's closed.
I have used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
Then when I opened it up (it hasn't fallen, been moved, or anything like that.
He didn't get wet either) the screen looked weird.
Above that you can read that it is in sleep mode. After that, you can see part of the book, the cover, divided into strips and triangles, and it still says somewhere, vaguely, that it is 94% read.
Vertical stripes can also be seen.
If I turn it off (15 sec) then the tr remains visible, if I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously visible.
What can I do and how can this be after less than a year??
Hello,
EMAIL
And it's a PRS-ORG in my opinion
Excuse for the late response.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has already had rest, I have already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, ah, that is strange.
I’m sending it to him as a pdf, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Would you like to add it?
Great!
And thank you
Excellent!
Thank you.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
By the way, the book has arrived!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG etc next time.
Thanks for the info.
Have a great evening!
Thank you and I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I can't find my account according to the login tab
Which is a shame because it does take quite a lot of money
Can this be reset?
Yes.
My account is no longer existing
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M you should know that man
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes, so you guys put Knock out city up for free, but I paid for it.
Okay so, I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euros.
And now it’s free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said that I had to contact you.
Yes, okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, only in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however I can't log in the webapp, can you give me access to my account in the webapp?
This is what happened, I believe
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can i then use the webapp from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years just not 22.
You have hopefully all the information
Hmm then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the webapp earlier, I doubt if I will make it then
hmm too bad it can't be helped, then I am not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
In the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are being sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that goes by that name
I log in via facebook, it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thanks
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I will try
thanks in advance
comes well, the best wishes to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oops I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
I had the problem that I didn't get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end, I had to delete my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I do not have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It reads: Book now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands, and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I'm also from Belgium).
And there I only see the option Reserve
Ok, but friends of mine already have it in their library to e.g.
Can already be pre-loaded on September 21.
But I can't add it.
This is because I live in Belgium and Belgium has changed certain laws in the gaming sector when it comes to purchases.
Because e.g.
In Belgium, you are not allowed to buy PRS-ORGs due to those new laws.
I just want to be sure that I get that PRS-ORG version because I am paying
that PRS-ORG is specifically designed for that..
Okay.
I will see.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already declared thousands of times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been reported to your team 10 times, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I really feel sorry for them.
Thanks, I truly hope you can help me.
Is there otherwise a phone number I can contact?
Translation complete.
Hopefully they can do something about it…
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this issue…
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I just experienced something strange, I don't get it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
He is no longer in my library
how can this be?
That's right, but I just log in to PRS-ORG and there I see it.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I believe, so no.
Oh no, I see I do have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see that
EMAIL
No, that's okay, I'm fine that way.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hello.
I am doing well, but I feel really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked to it and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can now start all over again and I'm a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing anymore.
That would be great
The email address that I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
So, currently there is a strange email address, as can be seen in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had a good protection with 2 step verification, I already changed my password for PSN.
Only the PRS-ORG account I can't enter, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had previously contacted my problem.
I did get a phone call, however, which caused my contact to end the conversation.
But now I am back!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke with apparently made sure that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it only says 'loading' with a clock
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs up and running on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All good.
I then know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you, and keep working on them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I have been waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this will take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wasn't going to last long
Can you check how long?
Because I am always told to wait but no time indication
1 week was said to be now 1 week
And you can’t see how long this will last?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'm going to assume this for now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being sung to me
PRS-ORG
Said
I was never told unprofessional, was I?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case.
So I have to wait a week again?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that you have to wait again if you resume the matter?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Wait
And do nothing and just wait
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I have forgotten my password.
I am logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via email or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
so I don't have access to it anymore
yes that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
restart it
It turns out that the package I got from that sbc was quickly sold
and of course you understand that I would never sell that if it is not tradeable
Yeah I would just like to get my prize out of that SBC
I also added pictures of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is, I believe, EMAIL
or else my old one, and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I tried everything I found on the internet but nothing works
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take?
because I preordered the game but I couldn't play anything yet
and I would like to play but I can't
Okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just have to wait
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought January 1st PRS-ORG coins and they were not deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from log in log in nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
Do you mean Hoeb?
Okay and then
But they say contact us
Okay thanks i will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but because it has now become crossplay I purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app, but I end up on my PRS-ORG Playstation account, which I don't want to use this year, I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now I have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG that are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log into the web app
Thank you.
No, I've never played on a PC with PRS-ORG, but I am in the process of preloading PRS-ORG
Okay so this is because I have never created an ultimate team on the pc?
So if I do this when the game comes out can I use the web app completely?
damn it that I now miss a lot of coins :(
it is clear for me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question regarding an update of an already open request
It is about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
Then it was said that a specialized team was going to investigate and that it would take about 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there might be an update, because I still had not received a response/compensation or the like for my “loss”
EMAIL 😊
Last week, every day, the status was updated and is still under consideration.
Of course, I am a little tired of it, but the fact is that you yourself don't really know exactly what still needs to happen or how far they are in doing so
Hopefully, the desire to play the game has been much less in the past week
In any case, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Sadly no haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I'm getting no access to server all the time
but i have created a new PS5 account and this is working now
the same for all my friends, they can also play rivals
I already did a restart and all the help that is online
but unfortunately nothing
and it's been like this all day so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow either
is correct
great!
thank you in advance
I did get a market ban there I'm currently already considering, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals?
ok so its not weird that another account can go on rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
Okay, great, I'll do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
but should I worry about my divisions?
that just comes back in order?
are we really sure of that?
thanks a lot
Have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I was just in a chat mate he dropped out
My controllers provide a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play
I have reset them but that does not help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was curious if I can do something about it; or that my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I could possibly use something from a memory card or something; so that the game can play at normal speed.
I would love to hear, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay.
So you can get there faster in, for example
the guardrail ends up in the right place instead of on the road
Do you know how I can see this?
Ah, they are quite high now (you mean screen mode, etc?
Oh great thanks!
No, I think you've answered my question for now.
And other than that, I know how to find you; you react quickly, appropriately and friendly.
Thank you
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it cannot be opened on the ereader.
How can I resolve that?
EMAIL
I think February 14
Oh no, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There might be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it does not work contact us
Ok, I'm going to get started with it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Bought two books Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I got them on the laptop.
I was not able to get them on the e-reader.
Then totally lost.
This also applies to purchases.
You went over it with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And there are no results yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint does it.
I also check the second book.
It does as well.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I’m going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up again.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euro a year or so ago
month.
I don't need that at the moment, but it is completely unclear to me how I can end it.
I have been endlessly searching several times.
Yes.
I think that is very nice.
I might come back to pp after a while, but I'm not using it for now.
Very nice!
And it was arranged smoothly.
Thank you…
No, it's fine like this.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but can't open them, I get the message that this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
5 January
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try it, thank you I hope I get it out
Thanks have a nice afternoon
Yes I am a computer illiterate it may take a while
Top he does it thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can't get rid of that.
I can’t find out how to do it either.
Please help.
EMAIL
No
It's not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the little symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there not an easier solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
26 March 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
I spend a lot of time and money every month on both.
Without message and reason, my PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked
A request was created yesterday, but now it says "continue" on this request, so I'm curious if that will go well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because now I am missing all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I'm so heavily disappointed because I haven't done anything wrong that my trust is gone and I am actually planning to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued playing while because of disruptions of PRS-ORG I could not turn in my item and did not get any fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is this the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long will this take?
I am quite done with it... not after you but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll see if things will improve but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 each month, and I find that too risky if a block is suddenly put on it
Okay I will.
Hopefully they will catch it up soon.
Thanks for the great support
Have a great day too.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
i would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so I could
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so i need to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it's really like this
I just can't send proof
sorry sir
looked the wrong way
it is EMAIL
that is him
sorry for the mistake
is okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you earlier because my account was hacked.
That has since been rectified.
Only the hacker has sold players in FUT.
I don’t play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he indicated that he could help to restore this
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has since bought it back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I'm explaining it all right because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I received a reference number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
Yes, my little boy plays it.
no that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
Therefore, I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account does not need to be recovered, only my email address please
I got a code via my email, can I use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Top thank you very much!!!
Good morning, On Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I can see the book in my e-reader but get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file."
I have synchronized several times, but unfortunately it does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open it, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
recovery, purchase through the site
I'm busy with that now, but it will take a while, I have to look for a wifi password.
If this doesn't work, I'll sign up again.
Sure, I will try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can carry on again.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the e-reader of my late mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account, and I want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just the monthly payment I make on her account.
But I don't get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you transfer the credit card details to a new account
So remove information from EMAIL and enter on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address), her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I can't get in?
By the way, I changed that yesterday on the e-reader.
I can't find that data anywhere now
Or if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
You will help me enormously with this.
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All good.
Thank you very much.
Just get it sorted.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my PRS-ORG password, I received a mail from PRS-ORG to set up my password.
link copied to browser and then I cannot proceed with nw ww setting, how does it work?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
okay i hear me I'll stay online
exactly
then I come in the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to be able to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I end up back at the PRS-ORG ww account reset help screen
yes I'll do that
Done.
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much for that.
now I'm going to look for an overview with grace ebooks on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased e-book.
It is on the device but it says it cannot open this document.
rebooted and downloaded but it does not open.
placing it directly on the device via URL also does not help
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook via URL this morning
very fine
I did not have the option of unsubscribe from PRS-ORG
okay i did
I bought and paid for an audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
I did it last time as well
EMAIL
Today, not even
I didn't get the last purchase no
Last time as well.
Then I had to pay and provide my details
Bok van NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
It is my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday, but that person has not received it yet, but I have already paid 20 euros.
I myself have not yet received confirmation.
Can you find out what is going wrong.
EMAIL
The last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that is strange because the money has indeed been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, it was thank you, have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - paid 2 times by error - 2 x 10 euro and received nothing, seems not to be correct, please help me with this
EMAIL
the last one was on 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so 7 february
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale at 2 for 10 euro
I bought the last 2 last night
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
have to cut and paste
toppie books are in
thanks for this nice service
we are happy about this again
no my day is good again thanks again really and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere anymore.
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
i can't take a screenshot due to security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 pasnr.017
Ok, thank you.
The book is on it now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
