Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
My name is NAME-M
Hello!
I just spoke with one of your colleagues, but it didn't help.
2 days ago, I tried to subscribe to PRS-ORG Pro several times and it told me it didn't work.
So I decided to give up.
I noticed later that you charged me 5 payments of $1.
I don't want to be subscribed
Can you confirm that I am not subscribed?
My email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm D, may I ask your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Everything is fine.
However, I am here for a refund
PRS-ORG credits
I made a credit purchase of 59.99€
However, I only got shit content in the packs!
I didn't even get a single piece of heritage fragments, even though I opened 60 packs!
I'm listening to your questions
That's right.
I really didn't get anything good, I'm disgusted with my purchase
really
Is it even possible to get new packs?
It's not normal to spend 60€ and get nothing good, out of 60 packs I didn't even get a single fragment of heritage
Hello, I made an order for an e-book and I would like to return it and get a refund.
Do I have to send you my receipt?
To which email address?
Thank you in advance for your reply.
EMAIL
Attack on Titan colossal edition
08/04/2021
Okay.
No, thanks a lot for your help :)
Sorry to contact you again, but there are 2 volumes missing in the refund email, I would like to be refunded the full amount of my order.
Ah, nobody, sorry for the mistake
Thank you very much for your patience, my problem is solved
Have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
I received my PRS-ORG
but I can't set it up
I added the wifi network
and then the PRS-ORG asks me to log in
yes
then the PRS-ORG turned off
I turned it back on
maybe it had no battery left
it turns back on, I'll try again
is it normal that I have to enter my credentials on the PRS-ORG?
ah yes, I see
I thought I could connect it to my phone to retrieve the settings
ok, thank you
I have an Error message: PRS-ORG
but I think it's still ok
I'll try a payment
thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you.
I would like to be able to make remote payment requests, please.
The app doesn't offer it to me
Thank you.
So there's nothing I can do?
Just wait for it to be set up by your services?
EMAIL
Hello,
I just checked with your colleague NAME-M to activate remote payment
Do you think the activation can be done today?
Thank you very much, NAME-F!
I wish you an excellent day
No, everything is ok, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
On PRS-ORG, there were rewards for starting PRS-ORG.
I would like to know if we have already received them or not, because I don't think I received them.
And if we haven't received them yet, when will we receive them approximately?
Yes, exactly.
Okay, thank you very much!
So it's completely normal that I haven't received them yet, right?
I didn't change platform, so there's no problem.
Ok perfect!
Thank you very much anyway!
That's all good for me
Have a nice day!
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be put in contact with one of our agents?
Hello
I need help.
I have questions about the PRS-ORG terminal
we can't process payments in PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
only payments with Maestro work
I want a real interlocutor
to help me
I can't process PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG cards
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, I am going to work in Belgium.
Does my terminal accept international clients?
I don't understand, will I be able to cash foreign customers?
oh, so it's all good?!!!
that was my last-minute concern
I spoke to someone on the phone the other day, but I can't find the phone number anymore, can you give it to me?
yes
Thank you, have a nice day, goodbye
NAME-NTEXT:For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
talk to a human
So what can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, the transactions from Monday were not deposited into the correct bank account, even though we requested it since Thursday, May 4th. Can you explain this to us?
3 emails since Thursday, May 4th
did you receive our NAME-M several days ago?
the addition of our bank details did not work, that's why we sent you our NAME-M
we already sent it twice...
do you always send it to the same email address?
EMAIL
I just sent the rib to i,NAME-N
EMAIL
speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, Galille!
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I just sent you the documents needed to validate my account.
and I'm blocked, it says I have to contact you
I'm stuck at step 1/4
Yes.
I had a problem with a damaged ID card and it was not received by your service, so I received the new one I sent you
I hope it will go fast because I've been waiting for a while ^^
no, thanks, have a nice day
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
I want to change the phone number
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
yes, that's right
my old number is PHONENUMBER
the new PHONENUMBER
if I need to add the area code, it's PHONENUMBER
Only my personal phone number
No problem, I have to go back to work.
I may not be able to answer immediately
perfect
thank you very much
I haven't received the SMS yet.
is the fact that it's a Guadeloupe number a problem?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M and I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account
The pleasure is mine.
So my problem comes from my PRS-ORG account.
The email address of this account has been deleted by PRS-ORG.
So I no longer have access to my email box.
So I would like to set up a new email address, but when I change my address, I am asked to recover a code for authentication, a code that goes to the email address that no longer exists...
So the email address linked to my account is: EMAIL
This would be the following: EMAIL
Well, thank you very much for your help.
I successfully changed the password and was able to log in again with the new address and password!
Thank you very much!
Thank you especially for your patience and the time you gave me!
Have a great evening too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
So here's the thing, for a few days now I've been trying to log into PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG, but unfortunately they ask me to reset my password, but I can't find my username.
None of my current email addresses are apparently associated with an account
I can provide you with my PRS-ORG credentials if needed
Awesome!
My PSN is White_PRS-ORG
Great, thank you very much
I just hope that the associated email address is not that of my ex-girlfriend because I no longer have a way to contact her.
Hoping it works 🤞
Mmmmh, that's weird, I don't think I deleted my account...
I hope I'll be able to recover it one day...
Don't worry.
A human can tell you the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I didn't receive the payment from last week.
there is a problem, I'm using the old version of your app
I have already sent all the documents of my company.
is my profile, I can see that it was not complete
which one?
I don't know how to do that
but I want to know who will send me the payment to my company account
I already have the receipt, but how should I use it?
Hello, data exchange impossible?
when connecting, it is indicated on the device that data exchange is impossible
data exchange impossible
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more.
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you, Jacques-Fabien?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
it has already been done
we also changed the wifi connection
PHONENUMBER
the reader indicates impossible data exchange
bought from a retailer
We are at a trade show, we bought it urgently, could you help us quickly?
by phone please, to be faster, thank you, PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
NAME-M
I already had one of your colleagues before
She asked me to log in with my PSN account
But the account linked to PRS-ORG is the right one, but the one with PRS-ORG is the old one that I no longer have access to
The PRS-ORG account linked to PSN is ALPHANUMERICID
However, the PRS-ORG account linked to PRS-ORG
To the following email address: EMAIL
And I no longer have access to that address
I click on "login failed"?
platforms
NAME-M's only daughter.
but I was already in discussion with dunia
hello again NAME-F.
sorry, I made a mistake.
no, but with my PRS-ORG account, is that not enough?
no
but what does this problem mean?
can it prevent the e-reader from working?
but what is the risk of losing books?
because I have almost 600!!!
I could do it, but not until tomorrow.
so I download the app and get back to you?
I'm sorry, I have to leave now.
thank you for your help.
I think I will receive a report of our discussion on EMAIL
I prefer email tracking, if possible.
thank you very much and have a good evening.
give me the email address to stay in touch with you!
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
I want to talk to a human
Don't worry.
A human can provide you with information about the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I have a serious problem with your service
is it possible to delete my old trusted phone
I no longer have access to my old phone
the person before you didn't understand anything
I can't do anything
I'm blocked
Please remove my old trusted phone.
yes
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello 👋
my PRS-ORG doesn't work
Could someone help me please PHONENUMBER
I'm in Geneva
my tablet is connected to the internet
it's on the screen
I can't log in
PRS-ORG cannot work without an internet connection
please check that you are connected and try again
even though I am connected to the internet
The number you gave me doesn't work
PHONENUMBER
100 percent
it's still charging
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I'm fine, thank you.
I bought the PRS-ORG ultimate game on PRS-ORG and I couldn't download it (beta version) during the open beta weekend.
In fact, I can't even see it in my PRS-ORG library.
I contacted PRS-ORG support, but they couldn't do anything and told me to contact you.
It is noted as compatible only with PRS-ORG in my library.
While the title and product description clearly state that it is a cross-gen product (PRS-ORG + PRS-ORG)
I'm not sure I understand.
The ultimate edition has 2 versions??
I didn't see that in the store...
I just wanted the version that is compatible with my PRS-ORG pro, and when I buy a PRS-ORG, I always want to be able to play it without having to buy it a second time
Ok, so if I understand correctly, I bought the right version (ultimate)
However, I can't see it in my library
Is it because it hasn't been officially released yet?
And that I missed the beta??
Ok, it works.
However, the ultimate version said there would be an early access
Is it still planned??
I will read this article
Thank you
Hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
My game is hacked by your script and I would like to know how to stop it
PRS-ORG
No, I don't prefer that, my game is already messed up enough like that.
I just want to make sure that my games are not polluted by your in-game script.
That when a player is presented as fast in his statistics, he is, that your game takes into account the orders and does not force my players to go in an opposite direction, give the ball to the opponent or let him pass without reacting.
I want to be able to play this game, but at the moment it's impossible.
Except that I don't have access to your forums
Since your moderators don't like it when people say there's a script in the game
Well, it's not a big deal
I will just resell your game and play something else, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Good evening,
I just subscribed to PRS-ORG but I chose the wrong platform.
So I would like to use my right of withdrawal.
Thank you.
My name is NAME-M
Thank you.
It's the right PRS-ORG account, but I selected the PRS-ORG APP platform.
I then subscribed, but on the PRS-ORG platform.
I have two subscriptions.
I would like to use my withdrawal for the PRS-ORG APP one
Selected*
EMAIL
Yes, I want to withdraw, thank you
Great, thank you very much
Everything is good!
Goodbye, thank you
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
The print function doesn't work.
But it is connected via Bluetooth
I don't understand what you're saying.
My printer doesn't work, but the light on the printer is on in Bluetooth
My iPad settings are set to Bluetooth
EMAIL
When I log out of the app and try to log in again
It tells me that my password is false
Why?
It told me that the password cannot be changed
There are too many problems
Can you give me a phone number to contact the help center?
I have too much time
I'm wasting too much time
The number is not correct
Too many numbers
Hello, I have two PRS-ORG terminals (3G + wifi) that no longer work
The first message on the screen: device blocked please contact support
The second one does not detect wifi networks
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
When this message appears on the device screen, unfortunately, it means that it is defective.
Its security system has been triggered and this blocking is irreversible.
Since I am not able to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Exactly
Serial number reader blocked PHONENUMBER
Serial number of the reader with connectivity problems PHONENUMBER
Yes, I have the message "communication mode", press C to exit
No, not to my knowledge
When we arrived in the morning, we realized that the device was not working,
Hello, I just bought a PRS-ORG Libra 2 eReader and I anticipated by putting all my books on the PRS-ORG app, yesterday.
I also sorted them by collection.
How do I sync my PRS-ORG app with the eReader?
or with my URL account, where the files do not appear?
thank you for your help;
EMAIL
registered yesterday
downloaded elsewhere
You never replied to my last message, in your opinion, did you provide the best possible assistance?
I'll let you answer your question.
Have a nice day
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
my terminal does not accept payments
it refuses transactions
if we have reached
If we have reached the limit, how can I access unlimited transactions?
We scanned the QR code and submitted the ID card.
this morning
what should we do to remedy the situation?
I don't have any other emails
and when I go to the website, they ask me for no other document than my ID card
NAME-M, I see
I just saw it.
unknown_issue
Today, October 30, 2021, the ebook is Coup de chaud sur la ville by NAME-M
I bought an eBook this morning.
My receipt number is PHONENUMBER.
I searched a lot to find out how to download my purchase.
When I download it, I have a PRS-ORG.
How do I get my eBook (pdf or epub)?
I don't understand.
A license, okay, but I bought the book.
How can I read this book then?
On my PRS-ORG Tab.
But I also want to keep it on my computer so that I can read it again later.
I'm not happy about this at all.
I don't want to have other applications on my tablet.
I really don't see where the problem is.
I read with the PRS-ORG app that I bought and I don't want any other one.
Okay, thank you for the explanation.
But how do I do it practically?
I have an account at PRS-ORG
Thank you for these explanations.
I'll look at all this and get back to you later.
account opening verification
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-M?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello.
A pro account was opened, I wasn't aware of it.
My last 2 invoices were paid on this account.
It is still being verified, how can I check it?
I don't want the pro account, but I want to transfer the money to my current pro account.
is it possible?
Only on the app?
I don't see "Click on Activate."
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I'm NAME-M
are you a bot or a real person?
Yes, but this is not about PRS-ORG.
My problem is that I have a PRS-ORG subscription on my email address that I linked to my PSN account, however, I can't download PRS-ORG games on the PRS-ORG, they ask me to subscribe to PRS-ORG
while I already have a PRS-ORG subscription
yes, that's the one
I'm trying to download PRS-ORG games on PRS-ORG, but it doesn't work, they offer me to take another PRS-ORG subscription
on the PRS-ORG store*
while I already linked my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
on my PRS-ORG
Can't I have the PRS-ORG subscription on my PRS-ORG and my pc at the same time?
How do I switch my PRS-ORG subscription from PC to PRS-ORG?
can you do it for me?
Via the chat
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello
I spoke with one of your advisors yesterday regarding payments made on April 15.
He told me that it would be on my account at the end of the day yesterday
But I still haven't received anything.
These are 3 payments of CHF 2000
Yes, thank you.
Thank you very much
No, it's perfect, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-N, a player on PRS-ORG.
I had some questions since the last patch note this week.
I no longer receive any bonus points in Predator lobby.
Compared to other friends who are higher ranked (top 10), and who receive bonus points, I would like to ask if other players are experiencing the same difficulties and if you have a solution to fix this (it is very difficult to earn points with only ranking points)
Yes, and this has been happening since the last update.
The point calculation seems to be incorrect.
Let's say that a game won with maybe 8 kills by fighting current predators does not even give elimination points, which was not the case before the last patch.
Several players in my circle report the same malfunctions.
EMAIL
Of course, I'll stay online.
Indeed, I found this strange.
I had to report this because it is affecting my progress in maintaining my ranked position.
I will make a post on the forum as you advise.
Thank you for your answer and have a nice day.
hello, I can't connect my phone to the terminal with Bluetooth
Yes, always
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
For the troubleshooting instructions for your device, it is here: URL.
Are you still having difficulties with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, always, No, thanks}
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I'm sorry about that.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
PHONENUMBER
Yes
yes
PRS-ORG + printer
yes, I know, but I would like to connect my phone to the terminal
no, I want it via Bluetooth
talk to someone
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
to talk to someone?
to talk to someone
NAME-M_TEXT: Happy to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I made a request by email last week (PHONENUMBER).
I still have no answer to this day
you say it normally takes 1 business day to respond, but we are far from that
it should be done before Friday evening
Talk to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you JEAN-CHRISTOPHE?
My printer is broken.
Is it guaranteed
I'm not in front of the device
I will be there tonight.
Until what time in the evening?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
Hello, I can't connect my sum up device to my phone.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-M?
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Yes, always
NAME-M_TEXT:You will find your device's troubleshooting instructions in our Help Center.
NAME-M_TEXT:Are you still having difficulties with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, always, No, thanks}
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry about that.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
PHONENUMBER
No, it's not a connectivity problem, but I'm logging in with a different number than the one I gave when I opened the account.
my current number is PHONENUMBER
could this be the problem
can I call you?
can you call me or give me a number to reach you?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I have deposits that are not reaching my account.
they remain in the available funds.
what should I do?
the amount of my cashouts does not reach my bank account.
I find them in my account in the available balance section
in my PRS-ORG account
where can I find the PRS-ORG card?
Ok, so I won't have the money in my bank account until I activate the card?
ok, how long will it take to receive it?
Don't worry.
A human can tell you the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
All the documents for verifying my account have been sent.
Can you tell me when it will be resolved?
Because I absolutely need my terminal in the morning.
Thank you!
Yes, thank you.
Great, when do you think it will be active?
Because I really need it today as soon as possible
No, that's nice.
Let's hope it goes quickly.
Thank you and have a great day
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
I want to speak to a counselor.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, how are you?
My situation is that I want to delete this account.
And how will I know that it has been deleted?
from what day?
Perfect.
Because I had received an email saying they were going to send me a card and I don't want that.
I understand, but how will they delete my account, I don't understand why they would send me the card.
Aahh, okay.
Then I will wait for the account deletion email.
Thank you very much for helping me
No, thank you.
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Madam, mister, hello.
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Unfortunately, I did not understand your request.
Please select one of the following options.
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to know if it is possible to have a USB cable to charge my payment terminal in the vehicle!
Today, the only cable I received allows me to charge it only at home.
Then, I have two drivers on the vehicle, how can I create multiple profiles, so that each driver's transactions will be separate?
I use the big one, which I bought for 100 euros I think
PRS-ORG 3G payment terminal and printer
Thank you.
They have to log in at the beginning of each service to introduce their profiles?
Great, and what about the charging cable for the payment terminal?
I have a universal head on one side and an electrical socket on the other
I don't have a USB cable to charge in the car
ok
Why are my payments still pending?
What can I do for you today?
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
Your account is currently suspended, which means that the funds are temporarily withheld by our services for security reasons.
This is beyond my skills as a virtual assistant.
I will therefore put you in touch with an agent so that you can discuss the terms of unblocking.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Please unblock my payments, it's quite urgent, can you do that for me?
I am in a financial complication and I had to sell one of my properties that I wanted to have cashed by PRS-ORG
But I didn't know you were going to add to my worries
Please help me by unblocking the payment I'm waiting for.
Why can't I reach you by phone?
I made more than 10 calls throughout the day, but your services never answered
Please, just unblock the suspension of the payment to help me
Please, NAME-F, help me by unblocking the situation
My morale has been cut since this morning due to this news, I don't know what to do anymore
I thought I was doing the right thing, but in the end it's not a good idea to cash out through PRS-ORG
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Hello,
My terminal is blocked, it says device blocked.
I would like to have the number to see the steps to follow
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
When this message appears on the device screen, unfortunately it means that it is defective.
Its security system has been triggered and this blocking is irreversible.
Since I am not able to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes
It says communication mode
Press to exit
No, nothing, I haven't used my reader in 2 weeks
My reader is stored in a case and I don't use it every day.
My address is ADDRESS.
Thank you
Mr. NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I'm NAME-F
I paid for a monthly subscription about an hour ago and I can't start PRS-ORG.
Here is the message: This title may have been downloaded by another user who owns the game.
Sign in with another account or restart the game
I changed my email address.
I don't know if that's what caused the problem
Nobody?
Thank you.
EMAIL
Here is the code 509875
How do I change the Library in my folder?
Hello,
EMAIL
I just opened my account 10 minutes ago
I entered the wrong library.
I should have entered PRS-ORG, Nord du Québec, Rouyn-Noranda
Can you make the change please?
yes,
what I selected when I opened my PRS-ORG account
I can't change it myself
I tried
They say that my email address is already there
disconnection
Yes.
I'll try again
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
So it's more of a request...
I find that the game does not meet my expectations
I pack a lot...
I'm putting money in.
And I'm not satisfied with the return
A gesture from you could be helpful to me
Many of us think the same thing.
I find it disturbing
I wanted to tell you anyway, even if it doesn't change much
It's all a matter of luck, I see...
Very well, thank you for your attention
change my email address
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your email address at any time.
Note: you can only have one email address per account, which serves both as a login identifier and the address to receive PRS-ORG reports.
As this goes beyond my skills as a virtual assistant, I will put you in touch with an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, yes.
In fact, when I registered, I made a mistake in my email address
So when someone contacts me, I don't see anything
the EMAIL address does not exist, for your information
EMAIL should be added
Ok, but the email address provided does not work
no problem
No, it will be fine, thank you, have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, transactions are being declined on the payment terminal.
The customer is very solvent... why isn't it going through?
But this dates back to our August 2022 demonstration!!
It is March 2023 and our demonstration is tonight!!
I don't understand!
I am very disappointed with your services!
what verification????
We are an association with only a few events per year.
We set up your services because we no longer have any argnen dispensers
of money in our commune and we can't make any transactions, it's a big loss for our association...
yes, it's me!!
NAME-F born on 25/11/1980!
Hello, I just opened an account and I made a mistake with the email address... .ch instead of PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change d
email address at any time.
Note: you can only have one
only one email address per account, which serves both as
login identifier and
address for receiving PRS-ORG reports.
As this exceeds my virtual assistant skills, I will put you in touch with an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
thank you
EMAIL
do I have to leave the account?
Thank you, I received it, great!
everything is going well, thank you and goodbye
Hello,
I want to log in to my account using my email address.
However, when I enter my address and password, I am asked to log in with PRS-ORG to merge the accounts.
The problem is that I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG and my account was deleted.
I find myself in a dead end.
Thank you,
NAME-F
EMAIL
Last night
Thank you.
That's strange, I bought one yesterday evening.
In the PRS-ORG store on my eReader
My eReader was reset accidentally.
What I care about is recovering my books
I found the problem.
I was using my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for your help and have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I want to download the PRS-ORG app on my PC, how do I do that?
how can I receive it via a pc
by adding the items, etc.
to invoice items via pc
yes
I want to bill items
by clicking on different articles
to bill my multiple items
I'm on a PRS-ORG terminal with a printer
but I want to connect it via Bluetooth to my PC to bill different items
yes
I can't invoice a payment on the website.
no, I want to have the tab to accept payments like the app, but on the pc
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How do you want to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, yes, sorry, I'm in the middle of an event
all our transactions are declined
on all our PRS-ORG modules
I can't figure out why
we have network and location activity
we also reset all the PRS-ORG without any change
I tried to call customer service, but I was on hold for more than an hour.
how can I check it?
I am logged in with the EMAIL account
with the same email
the other one we use is EMAIL
do you want me to log in with the other one?
ok, I'll log in with the other one
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
NAME-M
Could I have 100% of your attention because you are the 10th advisor I am talking to, and I don't really feel like I am being taken care of.
It's very frustrating.
It's on PRS-ORG
I just bought a play pass, but I still haven't received my rewards
Here are the two proof of payment.
It's noted on the invoice sir, but I'll tell you right away
Bought on June 12 at 00:01
They sent me to you
How do I do that?
I've been told to contact someone else for 3 hours now.
I just want to receive my 1000 pieces and go play
We are sorry to hear that you are experiencing a problem with this game.
You will undoubtedly find a solution thanks to the information available on the store and the community.
Support for this product is provided by:
Official support
Customer support
Product site
Product forums
Editing team
Electronic Arts
They are referring me back to you, how do I proceed?
And do you have a link through which I could contact an PRS-ORG agent?
because I can't find support
Via the chat
How do you want to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, when I registered I couldn't choose how to receive my income, and an PRS-ORG card was sent to me.
since then, I have chosen the option "send directly to my bank account" instead of "send to PRS-ORG professional card", but it doesn't seem to work.
I still haven't received the money paid by my clients...
I can see the available balance paid via PRS-ORG, but I can't retrieve it.
can you tell me how to do it?
thank you very much
no, everything is fine with the reader
I just don't know how to transfer the money to my bank account
I did select the right transfer option, but no transfer is being made
is it not possible for this transfer to be done automatically?
Order a card
What can I do for you NAME-M?
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
If you haven't received it yet, it is on its way.
The estimated delivery date is {!cardExpectedArrivalDate}.
I see that you have already ordered a PRS-ORG, but you can only have one per activity.
The estimated date is exceeded
I ordered more than 3 weeks ago
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
{ChatWindowButton:Ok, thank you,The estimated date is exceeded}
In case of failed delivery within the specified time, our services can make a new shipment if a total of 3 weeks (from the order date) have elapsed.
In case of failed delivery within the specified time, our services will be able to make a new shipment if 3 weeks in total (from the order date) have elapsed.
{ChatWindowButton:It has not been 3 weeks yet,I
I ordered more than 3 weeks ago}
I'm sorry you had to wait so long.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I have not received a card
I never received it, has it been activated?
ALPHANUMERICID Thiers les terrasse du vallat bt c 13320 bouc bel air
No, thanks. Good luck and have a nice day
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change the admin email address on my account
What is the procedure to do this?
Indeed, I no longer have access to my email address
Thank you in advance
Okay, to which email address?
Thank you, and I also want to set up the PRS-ORG plugin, how do I go about creating the credentials on the site?
ok, thank you, I just generated the customer codes.
However, my account does not seem to be activated for online payments.
What email address should I write to validate my account?
No, everything is ok, thank you, and have a nice evening
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
File tracking for debitoor invoice
NAME-M_TEXT:It's great to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents, but that goes beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills.
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello NAME-N,
I had PRS-ORG this morning.
And unsuccessful emails:
In my settings, I can see the PRS-ORG pro plan that I chose.
I was charged in November
However, on December 3, I was charged an additional 172.8 euros for 1 year of subscription to debitoor
Not only can't I see debitoor in my settings, but PRS-ORG had migrated me in the spring.
And now the invoice service tells me that it's my fault that I should unsubscribe.
However, I did not subscribe to debitoor, which does not appear anywhere in my settings.
But I've already done it several times
You can see for yourself, I don't have debitoor
could I speak to a human? thank you
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
hello.
I subscribed to a bill pro plan.
The invoices sent do not include the payment link (even though it was chosen when editing the invoice).
yes, I am surprised and disappointed by these difficult beginnings.
very well.
I'm counting on you. while waiting for the problem to be solved, I will send a payment link (at 2.50% instead of 1.25%) to my client.
I can't make her wait.
how does the subscription cancellation work if I can't use billing?
I count on you
have a nice day
ebook
Hello, I can't switch to my eReader the books I bought, which are however on my PRS-ORG account.
8I8l8 8s8'8a8g8i8t8 8d8e8s8 8c8o8m8m8a8n8d8e8s8 8d8e8 838 8l8i8v8r8e8s8 8l8e8 8 878 8e8t8 8l8e8 888 8j8u8i8l8l8e8t8
Visitor uploaded: livres-PRS-ORG.png
URL: URL
Type: image/png
Size: 960351
the books appear on my PRS-ORG account (see photo), but I can't put them on my PRS-ORG eReader
yes, it's the same email address
I logged out of my eReader and tried to log back in.
I am asked to choose a Wi-Fi network.
I did it, but then I got stuck... no other page is loading...
No, ok, I'll go ahead....
I did it, I made it!
Thank you and have a nice day!
I sent an email to report a malfunction on my PRS-ORG
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
Yes, always
So what can I do for you Gregory?
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For the troubleshooting instructions for your device, it is here: URL.
Are you still having difficulties with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, always, No, thanks}
I'm sorry about that.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I sent you an email with my address
to report that it works
please check
already check if you received the email
because I don't have a device to do it, but I have a delivery
you found my email
yes
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I had a quote made in 2022.
I can't find it, could you provide me with a new one?
Sorry, I didn't phrase my question properly.
This is not a payment statement but a quote.
I am an insertion structure, and I am currently completing a grant application file for which I need a quote.
yes, but I don't understand your answer
I only have one profile
very well, I will send an email from my main email address
no, thank you
have a nice day
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, my sum up is inactive
I tried to reactivate it after several months of inactivity
However, it appears inactive
I get an error message on the screen
I took a screenshot of my account
I can't send the second photo
It says; inactive
It doesn't turn on
And when I reloaded it - on the screen; error message
Thank you. How do I restart it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
Good evening, NAME-F.
I'm having trouble logging into my PRS-ORG account.
I created an account with my EMAIL address, but I no longer have that address
So I can't log in to my account and I don't know how to do it.
The email address was EMAIL
I had my Sims games on it
I remember the email address, but I cancelled it a while ago
So I can't log in again to reset the password
Isn't it possible to reactivate my account with a new address using my phone number or other information?
So I lose all my games?
;(
Yes, I can create a new account, but I will lose all my games
It cost me about 200€
I checked, but now it's impossible to create an address in URL
You can only do it on PRS-ORG or URL
Thank you very much
I want to talk to a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of this for you.
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I sent an email asking to change my information.
I didn't get any answer.
I want to make some changes.
new phone number: PHONENUMBER
New email address: EMAIL
I'll do it right away.
hello
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
we are having problems with PRS-ORG pay
to collect payments from pple pay
it simply doesn't work
we have 2 and both have the same problem:
PHONENUMBER
and also PHONENUMBER
yes, great
thank you NAME-F.
Nothing else to report.
we can close our discussion
Good evening.
I just bought a book: A palace of ashes and ruins.
And I just realized that I already had it in my library.
Is it possible to get a refund?
Regards,
Ms NAME-F
EMAIL
Saturday, April 17, 2021
Un palais de cendres et de ruines
Can you credit it to my PRS-ORG account?
Thank you in advance
No, thank you very much for your promptness.
Have a good evening
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello Mickael, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
Number change
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I made a request to change my number, but unfortunately I didn't get any answer.
Yes, that's it
Old number PHONENUMBER
Well, but this is the one I checked on my account before writing to you.
It's written PHONENUMBER on the account.
Yes, that's it. The company number is a mobile number.
Well, changing the person is the same thing.
And what is the email?
To change the company's one
Thank you very much
