Well, this is how it goes.
Yesterday I experienced an annoying incident.
I had about 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when logging in I only had 776
OK.
Yes I signed up yesterday through the PRS-ORG app.
I was then kicked out and when I tried to register again the coins were gone.
I myself have not bought anything.
As said I was online via PRS-ORG App in order to do SBC.
There I was logged out and after a new login, the coins were gone.
Could it be that these were bought differently?
Because I was at work when the whole thing happened.
That is, it must have happened on my PRS-ORG.
As I mentioned, I was at work at the time and was just annoyed about where my coins are now.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
It is a pity that PRS-ORG can't do anything about such issues.
But each and every player should spend as much money as possible on IN GAME purchases.
This is really capable of further expansion.
Pay more attention to customers than to profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi here is NAME-M
There's a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
If you are too good (Season 1 Elite €
you can't achieve the goals as in the picture
So experience is lacking in season progression.
please evaluate the goals as completed automatically when a "better" goal aka div 2 is met
No, it's about season experience.
But I also get rewards again so that's not it 😂
do the goals become enabled?
Or do we receive compensation because they are unattainable?
Since they seem unable to help me with the current problem.
Despite that, have a nice evening
Good morning, we would like you to go through the EC cards.
This is not at all possible with our equipment.
What shall we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, while I review your interaction with NAME-M.
Currently we manage the clinic, so I'm not always on my mobile phone.
I will pass that on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and is now in the consultation room.
It will sort out the problem from the main account later.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-M!
I can't buy or sell players through the PRS-ORG App, it is only possible through the PRS-ORG.
Please release this feature for me as fast as possible, I already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and in PRS-ORG I already did a lot of games, besides I already bought PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app the game is only half as fun, I pay a lot for the game, so I would like to use everything completly!
That would be great. If there were no such feature, I wouldn't need to buy another PRS-ORG.
Thank you for your help!
I've played all modes and I've done many games in PRS-ORG already.
Can this not be speeded up?
It's a shame, this way, you lose the fun in the game.
Anyone can buy and sell players using the app, but not yourself.
What PRS-ORG is doing is really not nice.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought out every PRS-ORG, that is how they are going to treat you, that is not nice.
Alright, that's a pity. Then I'll try a little bit more. Hopefully it will work quickly.
Otherwise I don't need the game anymore.
Thank you for your assistance!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher and then a black window opens and closes again
No
I won't get to play anyway.
I think it's because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked
However, I can't undo it
Yes
No.
not earlier
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
NECRISBAYDER69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to attend to other business.
Now I'm back again.
Is it possible to make article data available for a large number of products/services, for example via a csv import?
Yes.
The connection still exists.
I kindly ask for some patience with my answers, as I also take a while to answer.
I would like to use csv-Import to add a multitude of items with descriptions etc. at once.
Is there such a function?
I want to add a variety of articles with descriptions etc. at once using csv-Import.
Is there such a function?
The focus here is on "a large number".
It deals with the migration from another system.
Thank you for your forwarding
Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I allegedly violated the rules.
I would like it to be undone and that I can at least start over.
I wouldn't know what I could do with the game.
I can't play a PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like at least to start again and get a chance.
The other accounts may be locked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the possibility to create a new account and start over because otherwise I don't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No I haven't received any email from your team
I would like NAME-N.
Otherwise I would wait 45 days.
If on the other hand you can't do anything
the ball of paper is not recognized
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment please, I will transfer you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry, I didn't get that.
Would you mind reformulating your question, NAME-M?
the paper roll supplied is not recognized
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment, I'm checking.
I will now join in your conversation with NAME-M.
No receipt is printed.
Yes.
Error message: The printer is out of paper.
Create a new role and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We connected the device only on Friday.
Is completely new and today the printing does not work anymore because it does not recognize the paper.
It is the original roll that came with the machine and it's not being recognized.
Even the goods in the package are not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I hope for them too.
Well, I have the following problem.
I asked a DSVGO request yesterday and now I haven't received an answer.
How long will something like this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, which is why I would like a DSGVO enquiry, because I want to prove that I did not violate the guidelines.
Ok, so I'll have to be patient.
I just hope that this will be cleared up.
I put a lot of money into the game and I also put in a lot of effort to acquire and manage the players.
Ok, I'll wait to get an answer.
Ok thanks already for the help thank you too
Accidentally PRS-ORG rebuffed
Yes, thanks, I hope for you too.
Here is my problem:
Yes, thank you. I hope you're doing well too.
I accidentally kicked a player off when I finished the PRS-ORG.
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG as a gift via PRS-ORG on 20.12.
I have already spoken with PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG, who referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately the PRS-ORGs have not arrived in the account.
According to PRS-ORG the code was indeed activated via the account but the PRS-ORG were unfortunately not added to the account to date.
Can you see this?
You redeemed the code and don't have a PRS-ORG game?
I have created PRS-ORG.
And when I tried to get her into the club, my controller fell off and I threw it away.
I got an e-mail from PRS-ORG with the activation code for PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link even though I don't have a PRS-ORG or an account
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
hi we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza)
And the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change that now?
The problem is the data from the predecessor, I have none.
and I need to do this as quickly as possible because of the ec card payments and
do not you have a hotline?
Unfortunately not from its predecessor
We would have to, so to speak, re-register completely
or what idea do they have
Ok and how or where do I do that?
And what about if the pizza driver has to take the device with him, for example?
Okay, thank you. I'll try it out. If I have any questions, I will be in touch.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Same here!
I have spent 2 x €20 for PRS-ORG on October 31, but I never received a transfer.
No, I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I bought it, but did not receive it.
The money was debited from my bank account, though.
Via the PSN Store on the PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase on 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, I haven't been able to complete my purchase for a few days.
How can the error be fixed.
EMAIL
This had to have been on 3/1.
need to re-enter the credit card number?
unfortunately it did not work
No, my patience is gone for today.
I have other things to do.
Maybe I will take another system.
Schade was actually always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID stopped starting.
Instead, a black screen appears.
Beneath it, a 12.
I have already checked whether there was a block, but my history shows none.
Correct.
The game won't start, even though it worked without any problems so far.
System is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
By the way, that didn't work out with my two sons.
These people have different e-mail addresses, but are connected as children under my account.
I will try that and get back to you.
I have purchased PRS-ORG to be able to use the advertised cross-play in F1 22.
But you can’t play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore, I am requesting a refund and termination of the subscription at NAME-M.
If this is picked up again, I would then like to become a customer again.
EMAIL
I am exchanging information with other drivers of the ALPHANUMERICID about what you have already done again, instead of enjoying the new part with everyone.
Other than that everything is fine and I appreciate your request.
How was your day?
Do they annoy a lot of people?
Isn't it terrible to have PRS-ORG issues and help people all the time?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something lovely.
Green represents the color of hope, doesn't it?
How will things proceed here?
I did not want more than that.
I wish the best for you and your mother, thanks!
Good evening NAME-M, I am just now in a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case to you and you have sent me a code (to verify myself) via email so that you can forward the problem.
When I returned to the site from PRS-ORG the chat had disappeared.
Here is the code in case you might be able to use it in some way.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I was just chatting with a NAME-F that works at PRS-ORG, I thought.
Yes, I know that, it's about my brother who is 11 years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His email address is: EMAIL
Yes, I know it's about my brother who is 11 years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But there is no 6-digit code in my email.
What should I do now?
eBook
I've loaded a title via Onleihe on my PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it's not authorized for it
I have carried out the authorization normally beforehand
One title is "An Immoral Special Offer."
Yes, that's right, I use
I
I will try it again and in the meantime, I will send in a separate report on this case.
Thank you!
Unfortunately, it did not work out, to whom can I turn?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp.
Will you help me?
If you use the PRS-ORG trial access, you cannot use the web app.
this is the message I get when I start the web app
Why is it like this?
my PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG e-mail?
Alright, thank you.
Thank you so much, this is very nice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I am quite annoyed at the moment.
I had just chatted with one of their colleagues and followed his advice, but now I can't even log in to my PC.
PRS-ORG has made an update.
Now my normal password does not work anymore
It was so, yes.
But now PRS-ORG no longer starts and I no longer have access to the PC because it now seems to want a PRS-ORG password which I do not have!,,,,
I had a figure or
Numerical code
Now I can't even enter the payment details.
Out of a simple problem a huge problem became! !!!
Damn it again.
But I don't have a NAME.
I lost it along with my memo about passwords
Alex that can't be true!!!
All thanks to the great tips from her colleague!!!
Thank you very much.
What nonsense is he telling me there.
That can take forever again now.
Yes.
Forward me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is. What can I do for you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
And that it has to be replaced.
Right now, I'm out and about and do not have the device with me.
I'll have to check in again.
Thank you.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I will get back to you once I have read off the serial number.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Good morning.
My e-mail address has changed and I would ask you to update this, so that I can change the login data and also so that an invoice can be sent to me.
It is now EMAIL
Exactly.
It was EMAIL before and it's the one above now.
And my webpage now reads URL, but I have been able to change this for the bills etc. myself.
My concern is that I log in and that I also get a copy of the bill.
Yes, I am, it took a while to write something:-)
I have already sent an email a few days ago but have not received an answer yet.
But I am writing one more, thank you dearly:-)
Thank you.
No, thank you. :-) Have a wonderful day.
Best regards,
Dear Sir or Madam,
On January 01, 2021 I bought several PRS-ORG and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I am requesting a review and refund.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01/01/2021, one book of which is "Bloody Fetters"
However, I received all the books as when I placed the first order I was asked to try again.
But I look forward to your feedback.
Thank you very much for your efforts.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would like to keep the first ordered SumUp and not send it back.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: At the PRS-ORG I can enter the sum on the terminal and do not need an app where I have to do that, right?
Second question: how does that work with the return?
Exactly, that's what I'd like to return.
Then I ordered the PRS-ORG.
Of course, it takes another 10 minutes until I am back with the device.
Is it not a waste if the NAME-M is lost?
Not that I'll have to start over again from the beginning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-F
I am fine
I would really love to play PRS-ORG.
But, unfortunately, my PC doesn't have a CD-drive.
Is there any way to download PRS-ORG or will there be a possibility to download it again at PRS-ORG?
That is, you can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on another PC?
Can I save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no possibility at all?
Okay then I'll look at it... Maybe they will find a way.
Thanks anyway!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I want to have the points that I was promised in the version?
Why am I not receiving them from the 27th?
Ok.
Thank you very much.
I'm waiting.
I'm annoyed because I can't start to play PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy one and I won't fight my own.
I just want them to come as soon as possible.
Otherwise, early access will be of no use to me.
All right.
Thanks for now.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I wanted to ask what is going wrong... I have been playing PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG since the release+early access, and the transfer market (web app/companion app) is still not unlocked... something must not be right... I would really need it... best regards
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online vs other players more than 10 matches per day
Yes exactly.
yes but i have played for 3 weeks
how can it be that it has not been unlocked again...
Play every day actively
because something does not fit there.
What if I'm not activated in 1 month?
can they help then?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or must they both be actively played, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you.
Have a nice day. Hope this goes through soon... what a ridiculous system you have with "rolling"
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, it works. However, I would like to ask for your help. This morning I wanted to reload 12k points from the web app ALPHANUMERICID, unfortunately, I clicked ALPHANUMERICID out of anger.
Now I want to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because these are ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really great and nice if you could do that.
I have been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you are interested in my age, I am 46
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
The platform
NAME-F, you saved me the day and for that I am really grateful.
I will check in future three times what I have clicked.
Are the points already transferred?
Ok, a moment please
Great, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are on their way.....
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We are unable to connect to the mobile network.
We have already restarted, taken out the SIM card and put it in again, and tried different locations, but it doesn't work.
For the wlan it is possible, however.
PHONENUMBER
will be removed...
starts again
I logged in, but now he is looking again.
connected to the wlan
It works
also with the mobile radio network
can you tell me why it works now?
So we can avoid the error.
we have had the fault since yesterday, and suddenly it is working again???
Many thanks for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Thanks, I'm glad to hear that.
PRS-ORG is on
That's not the problem.
I can easily log on to the servers.
However, when the audwhl comes for the game statuses and I press OK, my game is, I guess, zoomed in too close.
So I can't see anything.
NAME-M then I'm curious, thank you for your help
No, otherwise it's just that it confused me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I should not have done that.
But honestly, who pays attention to the fine print when grabbing a pack?
I bought the game at a much higher price.
And, of course, I want to be able to profit from this
Anyway a new pack will be on its way.
Should I not worry?
Very nice.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the name of the club in the targets.
The objective has also been completed, but the club’s name has not changed.
In actual fact, it is about the abbreviated form, which you then see at the top in the game.
E-Mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or, the PRS-ORG account is also RufusNasedo
I think I have confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no possibility that this can still be changed via support?
Typical for the company in terms of customer service again, but thanks anyway.
That's all there is to it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I just already chatted with a colleague of yours
My game no longer starts after the update
NAME-M I am ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email this is the code.
What exactly? ^^
EMAIL
Well, after the update today, the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG open and I want to start it, but it doesn't
graphics driver reinstalled the newest installed
Play repair
No more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, in the Desktop App PRS-ORG, I was told that I get 4600 PRS-ORG with the heading "More PRS-ORG", when I purchase PRS-ORG, I bought it and did not receive points.
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you!
Have you written a follow-up message?
I think I received one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When will I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and have just completed the PRS-ORG abo
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version.
but i was shown that i get with PRS-ORG 4600
Can I then cancel PRS-ORG so that I receive my money back?
all clear I will try, dnake
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello,
During logging in to PRS-ORG, I got the message that logging in is not possible.
I am now unable to log in to my account and the email to restore the password still does not seem to be sent.
* becomes
It is EMAIL
118850
If the code
Okay, thank you so much!
It worked.
Translation provided:
NAME-M_TEXT: Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will version ALPHANUMERICID be implemented?
Payment 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I didn’t receive the money
Only the final amount of 43 francs was paid out
43.83
So the money I don't have, they don't need to check it, I
Yes, I have that.
But I did not get the amount of 2579.91.
Hello,
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I cannot buy books from you since I only have an PRS-ORG EC card.
Can I also give them a direct debit mandate?
EMAIL
I was not able to shop so far, because I was not able to pay.
And none of these payment options are working for me.
As I said, I only have the option of paying by the Sparkasse’s EC card or giving them a standing order.
It would even be possible to transfer money to them.
Too bad, then I have to send back the bought PRS-ORG.
Only those who agree to one of the payment options I mentioned
And I would like to thank them as well.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning
I have bought PRS-ORG and do not have access to the PRS-ORG web app
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I've only played PRS-ORG and then older parts.
PRS-ORG no
Do I have to first create a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
The web app has been running for 2 days, but I see a disadvantage, I can only see it on 27/09
How to get access to PRS-ORG
Where do you come from?
Her grammar is not 100%, but since I am rather old I can often deduce the meaning.
Thank you for the help.
You too
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable PRS-ORG
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:And please, ask just one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
You can help me to help you more efficiently if you ask your question concisely and unequivocally, for example “How do I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will put you through to one of our support staff now.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Could you reformulate your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I'm joining your conversation with NAME-M now.
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Of course, thank you so much
Great, thank you for the information.
otherwise everything works perfectly
Hello my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
This morning I saw on my app that my transfer market is no longer working, can you provide me with any information?
It says I received an email, but I did not. So I'm in the support section.
Yes
I've bought and sold players through the night just to make coins so that I could improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I've done too many actions?
EMAIL
As far as how they look, I also regularly purchase items from the PRS-ORG store; of course, I am not a bot or anything else.
And sadly, the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market
All clear, thank you for your time:)
I hope for good news
In order to start the game again with joy. 😊
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game, The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68%, it comes the message that the file CS01 is...
vp6 is missing.
There, I only have the Retry and Cancel options.
I have to start the installation process again for that.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry copying the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I installed the game in English)
Not right now.
I try out the feed's solution.
If any further problem occurs I will get back to you.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
When I push the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And the ball goes to the only opponent who is standing free within a radius of several metres, and then what exactly do we call that?
>Otherwise I would have specified it as a game PRS-ORG
Again, please in understandable German
Your sentence just now was a big, serious accident
What exactly were you trying to tell me?
Yes, the situation I described to you.
Do you really think about at least 5 min what you write in every answer?
"The situation you mentioned is a technical bug!"
Yes, I believe so too.
In fact, there was exactly the same bug last year.
I reported that to you too
Among others in your PRS-ORG
And that is when I was informed by your PRS-ORG_rephii that all of this is completely correct
And may it be as you desire.
One of the two of you didn't seem to like the truth.
How can I return my PRS-ORG reader?
Returning the Device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can provide better assistance if you formulate your questions in a brief and clear way, for example: “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:You should also only ask one question at a time so I don't get mixed up.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Are you returning an item or is the issue regarding the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Send Device,Return Status}
NAME-M_TEXT:All right.
I will now pass you on to one of our support staff, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I'm looking
I am joining your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to try it out on a stand, but would like to give it back again.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 28/11.
Unfortunately, it is at home.
Then I need to look again when I am at home
Thank you, I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thanks for your help :)
All right, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game unfortunately the quest for unlocking “Fleet-A-Pita” doesn’t start, the quest should be called “Investors”.
Exactly :)
Uh, no.
I don’t have one yet.
Then it must be that.
Thank you for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these in the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG but have yet to acquire them.
With pleasure.
My id says: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old id is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly should I do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately the PRS-ORG Legends is currently giving me a few problems.
For about 2 weeks there were about
80% of the game rounds.
Laying down the other players, both enemies and teammates.
My own figure wasn't bad.
At the end of the session, I can no longer leave the game and have to start the application again.
What could be the cause?
The internet connection works without problems.
I looked at all the links and we've already tried everything.
For example, the DNS server has been changed and an attempt has been made during low-load times.
In other games, it works without a hitch and individual rounds also work without a problem.
Could it be because of the server?
The PRS-ORG is directly connected to the router via a cable.
ALPHANUMERICID Cable with GBit-enabled router.
The length is 5 m, the cable has been installed fresh 3 days ago so that the error could be ruled out.
Ok, I will report the bug.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hi, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with her colleague
I have an enquiry
i have tested PRS-ORG bills and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like the test invoice to be deleted so that I can start with 1.
Could you delete the bill for me?
It's mentioned explicitly on the test invoice.
I still have to get rid of it.
booking is not made.
this was a test where I went to far
no payment occurs.
I entered it only for testing purposes.
But then, as if I paid
That's wrong.
you can't just set my "billing" area to 0
After all nothing has been done.
Then please close my account and I will open a new one.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I wanted to sign up the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately no verification code was sent to you.
After trying to sign up with a different device, the password I was given did not work.
I tried to reset it, but this does not work either.
Can you help me please?
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you very much.
Sadly, nothing arrived.
893361
So an email will be coming with the password that is to be used, right?
Which code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works! Thank you so much!
I opened an PRS-ORG account many years ago with a mail address that only serves me as spam now.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately I accidentally opened a second account with another email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to merge these two accounts because I always have to switch between them
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account is on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like to have everything run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted once all the games have been transferred.
Can you help me?
On which email address did you send the code?
On what email address did you send the code?
I received nothing there.
I will check the spam
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you!
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from that one to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also please only ask one question at a time so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can provide you with the best possible help if you word your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example: “How do I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will put you through now.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
Just a minute, I'm looking.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much, I have received the confirmation email
Thank you, everything is taken care of for today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was banned from the transfer market.
Alleged coin delivery.
But that can't be.
I preordered PRS-ORG and have already invested €400.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Ok.
I hope that the sanction against me will be removed!?
I'm not aware of any guilt!
So I was still in the game last night and it was all right.
I also parked transfers.
This morning, I wanted to look up the transfers on the app, but I got the notification about the ban and the information about redeeming coins.
I can't understand and comprehend it!
That is why I very much hope for your help.
I changed my password this morning immediately.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
I was proven to be hacked there and blocked on the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
I have wanted to play Battlefield for years and have switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG in the meantime.
When the game started, I received the message that I had to renew my password.
I did that as well, but I still can't get into the game.
It always comes the same message- change password.
I can sign up for PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and when I want to log in via PS Icon, I get reset password again?
Exactly.
In this case, I always get a message to renew my password or an error with PRS-ORG.
Despite password reset
Thank you!
My email is EMAIL, and for PS I have the same email
OK.
I'll take a look.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22
I got the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the dead item.
However, the OTW item is missing and, despite logging in and out, did not appear in my account
Can you help me with this?
My first name is NAME-M, I'm sorry, I must have read that wrong.
The e-mail address is:
EMAIL
Thanks for the info, then I am reassured!
Thanks.
That's all, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
And what about you?
I have the problem that I cannot download the German comment language for PRS-ORG.
I always receive the error message that the item is not available.
ALPHANUMERICID error
I'm glad to hear that.
With great pleasure.
:-)
Thank you for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to be German.
The comments are the only ones which remain in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
I would, however, like the comments also in German.
Ok, thank you very much.
I will try it.
With pleasure.
Thank you and have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
hi
I was told that I can use my token within an hour, it is 2 hours ago and it still doesn't work.
however, my colleague told me that I have a token.
I have lost a token because of a game error????????
How can I not receive a token?
I even have a clip.
why are they saying something different now, than in the other cases?
I saved a clip here, how does the opponent start and the game is exited
and I get defeated,
That is not my fault, but due to the game.
Because I had no other choice.
but as I can see, colleague before them, wrote everything wrong.
I'm getting 2 different statements from you.
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking it up
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
Hello, the touch screen button on my PRS-ORG device for "paying" no longer works.
And I cannot turn off the device, because that is the same touchscreen button.
I have to quickly see how it is called.
PRS-ORG
exactly
the bottom button does not work
it has been going on for more than 3 weeks now
OK
No.
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I am fine :) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
And incidentally I can't buy a PRS-ORG because the error message "At the PRS-ORG checkout there has been a problem.
Please try again later."
is coming.
Exactly, that is right.
I try to buy the points on PC and/or in PRS-ORG.
That's what I tried to do as well.
However, that also doesn't work.
The message comes that I must deserve access to the transfer market.
But a few months ago I could buy PRS-ORG without any problem without receiving an error message.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yeah, I'm doing well, and I hope that you are doing well, too, of course.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I have nothing to do with it, I have a TRADING list with players that I sell more expensive and the players are going more expensive and today I got a ban
But when I go to my ban history, there is no e-mail there.
Is there a history of this and have I not received an email why I have been banned?
Because this message really shocked me, because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly, I cannot use it anymore.
Of course, that would be very kind, since I drew NAME-M recently as well and was able to improve my team with his help.
And now I am banned, which is very silly since I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very nice.
I have to go to work now is it possible that I can reach them again?
I simply leave the customer chat open
My card reading device is broken.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you the best if you phrase your questions concisely and clearly, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:In addition, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry, it seems an error has occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT:A moment please, I will connect you to one of our support staff, who will take care of your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I am checking.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
The chip reader works.
However, when it says put in the card, the card is not read
Problem has existed for about a month with the PRS-ORG device.
I have several customers who pay with card.
Thus, the problem was with the multiple cards.
Unfortunately, currently not.
Since I am not in the store.
happily
Thank you.
Can you be contacted by phone?
No, thanks.
They helped me a lot.
Wish you a great day at work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I've been having a problem in a game since today.
Since today there is the problem in Need for Speed Unbound.
The in-game camera moves in a way that makes it impossible to play.
No changes have been made.
The day before, everything was working without any problem.
I can play this game.
But today it is unplayable with many bugs.
the camera moves randomly while playing
No, it does not give an error.
During normal play, it comes on suddenly.
Okay, that sounds great.
Thank you for the help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it impossible to play the game.
Have a nice evening.
No thanks.
Thank you very much for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
yes I am doing well
I hope so for you too.
I cannot get into the clubs in the PRS-ORG version
what can I do
it says to me that data is being loaded for all clubs.
How can I re-read?
Check
That's just a few.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Unfortunately, I have not found any way to give feedback to the developers.
That is why I am writing here, because the situation in the game at the moment is unbearable.
Currently, the big problem in PRS-ORG are cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
Who can I send it to?
I'm looking forward to it with anticipation.
And thanks in advance.
Thank you so much.
And another lovely day to you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking it up.
Listen to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
We use the following email address for our contact request: EMAIL.
This e-mail address is no longer valid, because we have cancelled the subscription.
That’s why we have to change the email address as the access to PRS-ORG.
Can we do that ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
The payment reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have already done it and hope that we have done everything correctly.
Could you possibly examine that?
All clear NAME-M.
Thanks for the help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, today was a wonderful day. I hope it was for you as well.
I wanted to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came that the game cannot be started.
Initialization error booting up.
When I press on to play I get the error message: Cannot start.
Initialization error on boot { DEVICEID:DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}
I have already repaired the game area 2x.
I just found out that it had to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disruption.
Nevertheless, thank you for the help.
Stay Healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Will you tell me your first name?
Played draft, individual players and 2.
I had an error message and it kicked me out of the game, but now I'm back in and my draft is finished, after playing one game
Okay and what do I do now that says Claim reward after a game?
The second time.
The first time the first draft was there it happened, apparently because of the player NAME-M
Yes there was.
There was something about system failure and the fault was removed from PRS-ORG immediately.
I then immediately reported the disturbance and clicked on it.
Should I redeem the reward and will I get my draft token back?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order
Yesterday, I bought 2,100 PRS-ORGs from the PRS-ORG store for €17.49, but to this day I still haven't received them.
What is the reason for this?
Yes, you are welcome.
Do they want something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that.
I also tried to check via the web app if the points have already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send it to them?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
But when I sign up, I should confirm over my former number (ends in 277) and not over my new number.
In the PRS-ORG account is my new number.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to log in to PRS-ORG in order to claim the various bonuses.
Yes.
As I said, I can't log in to PRS-ORG. I should verify my account with my old mobile number, which is no longer in my account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to register with PRS-ORG and then confirm via my old mobile number at PRS-ORG
The problem does not lie with PRS-ORG
Somewhere in the settings of my account is apparently still my old mobile number & that's how I should verify myself
My email address is EMAIL
I've already entered my new number in my PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up for PRS-ORG, I was able to verify my account with the new number.
Only when signing up with other sites but I will try it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can I know your first name?
Hi my name is NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and used them to purchase a draft token.
When I tried to start the game, the screen went black and it stopped working.
This made me restart the game.
After that I noticed that my points as well as the tokens are gone.
This is not the first time that this happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing wrong with my connection.
But that also happens from time to time in the middle of the
The game keeps making me sign out from the servers although the Internet is there.
Yes, my email is EMAIL.
All is well, I have time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I submitted the case regarding my hacked account with case number: #PHONENUMBER on Tuesday 9:00am.
How much longer will it take about?
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I am okay and they?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure right now
I'm glad that they have had a lovely day so far!
Ok, all clear, thank you, I am looking forward to a speedy processing.
Hello, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, how about yourself?
My problem is the following:
Since about
in a month I can't start an online game in PRS-ORG anymore despite PS+.
I've tried it hundreds of times for sure, but every time I start a game, I'm kicked out with the message "The connection to the opponent has been interrupted".
I have contacted PRS-ORG customer support, but have not yet been able to solve the problem.
Now I wanted to ask if you have any more ideas on how to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course, that's fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry I haven't written in a long time.
Thank you for the initiated solution steps.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it out right away to see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I'll try PRS-ORG.
No, that's it.
Thanks and have a nice weekend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
I was already at PRS-ORG but they couldn't help me..
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and bought PRS-ORG as well so that I can play the game for 10 hours.
I've logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and re-downloaded PRS-ORG
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for help and have now reached the point where I would like to have my PRS-ORG abo refunded.
however, I am confident that it should work some time.
Please check it further for now.
What do they want to say to me
Yeah, me too
or they refund me the 4 euro shipping and i wait until the 27th.
I do not have any more pleasure to spend time
Yes, well, if I can't play that game although I have paid extra money for it, that would be really nice of you.
if the problem can't be solved by 2 people in the support
well, then please return my money if this does not work out
Okay, thank you.
yes, everything is clear, the email was received, thank you
Yes, thanks.
I've spent 3 hours, thanks to you.
Well, that's all right.
No, I don't like that.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why am I getting such sick enemies with mbappe Zidane and slles
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal enemies at my level.
And why do I have so much momentum in my soiel?
Digga, I'm 2 metres in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still hanging.
Digga, give me my money back, and in the video I also break the CD.
I play PRS-ORG since I am pissing myself but what should that
My account was hacked and I had a couple of players sold and one was expensive and was sold for the repelling price
The players who were missing from my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalie NAME-M
I immediately changed my password after that.
But I would love to see the players again.
And I changed it now.
I am unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I feel quite okay after a long day at work.
I hope you are doing well, too.
I have the following problem: I completed the target today on PRS-ORG, the goal Winter Wildcards Daily registrations.
The final target reached through SBC today after 7:00 pm via the app on my mobile.
I then wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's sign up, as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter Wildcards player pack.
However, it showed there that the PRS-ORG was deleted.
I then looked it up in the shop.
However, I did NOT receive both packs.
What can you do now to check it?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username.
Okay, thank you so much for the information!
Then I will wait a bit more.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:You should also always ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get mixed up.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
You can help us to help you, if you formulate your questions clearly and briefly, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT: All right.
I am now going to transfer you to one of our support team members who will arrange the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
Just a moment, I'll look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to send back my 3G device.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you so much
No that was it:) thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you like me to tell you your first name?
Hello I am NAME-M and just fell out of a chat
PHONENUMBER
Hello,
Okay, thank you.
Can you check up on what the call was about?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you very much to you and your colleague!
Thank you and have a nice evening both of you!
No thank you!
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
I asked on Thursday already and got this number here PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I'm right here
I am NAME-M
I only want to know why I am no longer receiving the preorder packs, I received them on PRS-ORG 4. I pre-ordered the X-factor version.
And I switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago, but I did not receive this pack.
It's all about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I have just received this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account with PRS-ORG 5 as with PRS-ORG 4.
And when will it happen?
I bought this game but now I don't want to play with PRS-ORG version.
I hope this somehow and at some point works, because spending 100€ on that was an expensive business.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG.
with my friends it worked, but with me this problem appeared, that I can't
since the pre-order for PRS-ORG is possible
So for quite some time now
If you order it in the game in advance, you will also get a discount of 10%
okay, so I will try it
in email settings?
ok, I have activated it.
do you know how long this can take?
no, this is all
thank you for the quick help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask when PRS-ORG can be downloaded for the Play?
Could it possibly happen on Wednesday 00:00?
Yes, I am, and I even preordered the 99 Euro version
But is there any way to know it because I'd like to leave the download overnight.
I took a special holiday for PRS-ORG
Okay, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game Medieval and Pirates on PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation from the middle ages worked smoothly but from the pirates it didn't go.
I have waited for some days now and wanted to play before but now I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thanks.
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager it says the pirate download is finished
When I enter my game room I have PRS-ORG and "middle age to play and ready to install new expansion"
so i click on pirates to download, but it doesn't work.
I'll try your link now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
thanks a lot for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts that are actually running under the same email address.
One of these was for PRS-ORG and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration via email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is okay, but there is my PS account.
Then I used the same email to sign up via PRS-ORG and my account is linked to that of my ex-boyfriend, how the hell is this even possible?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to mine.
If I input my registration data, do I get on your Acoount?!
If I enter my sign-in information, I get directed to HER* account.
Exactly.
I am afraid I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I will have to contact PRS-ORG again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello I am NAME-M
And so I have that problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, however did not receive the 4600 points.
I am currently having the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but did not receive the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I wonder why they aren't here.
I can access PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG22 anyway.
Of course I have access to the preliminary hearing.
Most of them have already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I have finished a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG mode, but unfortunately I didn't receive the reward.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both partial tasks, but unfortunately have not received the icon pack.
Exactly
How can I redeem my reward?
In about 20-30 minutes
And 24 hours after my order should be at me?
I will do that, but I didn't receive the package.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M, my game is not starting again... I was already here today
EMAIL
I am a little bit frustrated..
Yes, it is about PRS-ORG
the game will not start
no the game does not start, once, I was able to start the game
no at all, when I press "games" the PRS-ORG will be minimized for a while and then maximized again.
Nothing happens.
I have done so already.
Hello, all is fine again, thanks!
