Hello!
One of the books I bought is no longer opening for reading.
When I click on it to read, it closes the app.
It's the only book that this is happening to.
EMAIL
The exact date I don't remember, but it was last week, if I'm not mistaken
I can't leave here to confirm
The speech of the image
NAME-N
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name, please?
NAME-M 😎
I enter into a match and when I or the opponent leaves the game I get redirected and exit the ut
In all game modes
I don’t know if it’s a disconnection, since it’s already like this since 4 am
I was doing swaps in the friends
Yes
Because of the swaps in the friendlies, I was doing a golden goal.
I was 2 goals and a deep pass short
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Yes sir.
NAME-M
I'm well.
Currently I am facing some problems in the game PRS-ORG related to rewards bugs
With the new event happening, it shows that I already completed it and I can now claim all the rewards
But I'm stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly.
I sent the photos
When I do the missions it already shows that I have already completed them all, but I am still in ALPHANUMERICID
Everything is okay
Thank you very much.
This problem is making me a little upset because the event rewards are very good rewards and I can not claim them because of this problem.
Everything okay then
I thought it was just me and I was a bit happier knowing that you have already been working to fix this
I feel better now, I didn't want to lose the items of this event kk
No, thank you very much
Good morning NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I installed the PRS-ORG game in Spanish
And now I can't change it to english
I installed the PRS-ORG game in Spanish and now I can't switch it to English
I didn’t find any settings in the game or in PRS-ORG
Thank you
EMAIL
kkkkkk but that there is obvious friend
I thought there would be another way to change it without the need to download another 8GB of the game
But I figured that there was no other way
I appreciate it anyway
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name please?
NAME-N
good evening my PRS-ORG the Mode Career is not coming but it brings the files when I open the game
it's always like the first time
I have to choose team control and play that match
I have already uninstalled it 3 times but the problem still persists
I saw tips to change from assisted to semi-assisted but it works and when I start a new game, the bug comes back
I lost my saved game
I always have to redo it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please give me your name?
May I have your name please?
Hello, my brother put a PRS-ORG into my account without intending to.
He made a mistake though and I ended up getting penalized because he sent the players from my team.
Would it be possible to reclaim the players?
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Yes, if that's possible, since it was a mere mistake by my younger brother.
Sorry again.
EMAIL
This is my father's mail because I have been playing PRS-ORG in this account for a long time
And at that time I didn't have an email yet.
It would be more convenient if it could be the staff.
Thank you anyway.
I wish you a good night!
Hello friends, good day.
I just checked now that my 300 bonus did not go in, poxa I did not know that it had to be in a game above 1.80, I lost because I bet it all, thinking that I would have the bonus, is there no way to release it?
D: Hi friends, good day. I just checked and my 300 bonus hasn't been credited. Damn, I didn't know it had to be at odds of 1.80, I lost because I bet everything thinking I would get the bonus, is there no way to release it?
Sorry, I did not see that it had to be above 180
I only saw it now when I went to ask for it.
I made the deposit of 300 just so I could play peacefully
I knew that I would get the bonus
if I lost
ai I made a bet a little more secure and lost, I requested it and it was not given
Thank you my dear
Poxa, no.
Thank you
I thought you could make an exception
it was 300 anyway
Please
Can't you see?
hello people
Okay then
See you soon.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Fine.
However I am having difficulty logging in to my PRS-ORG mobile account to my browser.
Yes
Yes
Always when trying to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to the PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears:
I would like more information about this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I can't find the mods folder from the PRS-ORG, I've already entered the game and the folder was not created.
I had custom content before, had to format the notebook and NAME-M got all the content back
But the mods folder doesn't exist
When I enter the game several customized contents appear but the folder doesn't exist
That's it, the folder doesn't exist.
I already entered where I need to go in PRS-ORG games, the PRS-ORG and after not have q folder
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
Good evening.
I cannot play The PRS-ORG as my PRS-ORG appear completely out of focus.
The support told me to use PRS-ORG Firstname Lastname, but it didn't work.
I also renamed the folder The PRS-ORG to The PRS-ORG Old and loaded the game to create a new folder, but it didn't solve the problem.
I would like to be able to play, but the PRS-ORG appears out of focus (the scenery does not)
I was using, but because they were not working, I turned them off and deleted them
And without mods the problem is the same
It doesn't work, the PRS-ORG is completely out of focus
There's no mod there
I already tried that and it did not solve the problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
look at this deal, it is the PRS-ORG server going down all the time today because
this was not the case
something is happening that we do not know
now the game does not work again
The pleasure is mine to know you
you can already access ALPHANUMERICID
look it's not working
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I would like you to explain to me how it is possible that your technicians do not find a solution to my simple problem
I do not have access to the PRS-ORG market in the web app
Only on the web app
And I have already seen what you recommend doing
I already did and already waited and it did not work
And they say there is no solution possible?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
good evening
I am having problems with my game
I’ve been trying to solve the problem of my game for some time now, but I can’t solve the problem
and I would like to refund it
but the deadline for starting the game for the first time has passed
but I couldn't even play the game
because the game just stays in the menu screens
EMAIL
NAME-N
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please state your name?
NAME-F
Then, I'm wanting to play my PRS-ORG (full edition) and now that I played for the PRS-ORG system, the PRS-ORG says my system doesn't support games in ALPHANUMERICID and advises me to contact the developer so the game can be updated and I can continue playing
So I am here to ask for this help
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, after researching I am aware of it.
But my contact is a request for PRS-ORG to update the game for more up-to-date systems
Thank you NAME-N
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I cannot download PRS-ORG
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG couldn't download your game.
Check your internet connection and try again.
other games don't give this error
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you give me your name please?
Good evening.
My name is NAME-F
I hope you are doing good too :).
I re-downloaded the PRS-ORG and it is in English, I remember when I was playing on the other computer it was in Portuguese
Unfortunately I wasn't able to find the settings
Could you tell me how to put PRS-ORG in Portuguese?
Yes, I can't access the PRS-ORG in Portuguese.
Thank you so much for your help.
Oh, thank you so much!
Do you know if this will be scheduled?
Or whether the language change will be automatic?
You're welcome.
That's all I have.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
I have a PRS-ORG and play PRS-ORG
I wanted to play PRS-ORG draft mode, but I don't have enough PRS-ORG points to enter and I can't buy them either.
What can I do?
Yes
And getting normal coins is very difficult since it's been a long time
Difficult, you don't have another way to access the mode.
I saw that the servers will be ending from the 14th
What will happen after that
In essence, there won't be any way to play that mode, will there?
PRS-ORG I can't open packs because the store is unavailable for any purchase
Even the packs you get by completing the initial missions
There's no way to open them
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Hello my PRS-ORG is blocked
I cannot go in without knowing what's going on.
I did not do anything against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait.
I'll check it.
yes
The computer has a lot, NAME-N.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name please?
good evening
Hello, I would like some help more or less 2 months ago I bought the PRS-ORG and now it's free!
I need help, I've already had several problems with the game crashing a lot and now this loss!
I would like to ask for your consideration
I purchased ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year and I just found out that it is for free
I have just spoken to them and they said it's up to you
now it seems like I'll be sidelined
I would like the help of someone
About the case
yes, but I paid for it and now everyone has it for free
ok, I understand your position, I am not satisfied and I am really sorry for this position.
The game is available for free for all subscribers and I pay for it.
I appreciate your attention and apologize for bothering you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Good morning NAME-F, how are you?
my name is NAME-M
I would like to see help with the situation I am having with my PRS-ORG
I am doing well too, thank you
therefore, the following happens
Since I bought the PRS-ORG I've been unable to play a game without experiencing some performance-related problem, the FPS drops every few moments and when it falls to less than 60 the game begins to freeze
I have tried following several tips on the Internet on what to do to solve this and nothing worked, not even the second patch update that was supposed to have corrected problems like this, as it was in the description, and I do not know what else to do, but one thing is for sure, I can not play the game.
I tried to ask for a refund from PRS-ORG but since I had already spent over two hours trying to make the game work, they didn't accept it
and I do not know what to do, and it is impossible to play any game mode \
hello?
I think I already did all these processes and the problem persists
not counting the silence of PRS-ORG about these problems and a future update to correct these
because I do not know what to do anymore
right, I'll do it
but let's agree that if PRS-ORG releases a patch it will take a few good months ne
and if it works
but thanks for the help
No, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Good evening
My name is NAME-M
I'm having problems opening the packages I won
in the store
thanks
is there 4 packets ok?
There is a connection and log-in problem.
I have already tried through the app as well and it did not work
ok
Okay.
I'll wait.
If anything, I will contact you again.
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I have your name please?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: How can I buy the PRS-ORG game to offer it as a present?
In this case, is there a code for the person to download the game to their PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy it there is a link that I can offer?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Hello
good evening
I just downloaded the game
by PRS-ORG games
and I can't change the language on PRS-ORG
yes
I can't
it is in english
so a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
hi my name is NAME-M
I wanted  to put my account from PRS-ORG on my pc
how is that possible?
ok
Thanks.
Ahhh.
ok
ok
OK
ok
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First off, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Hi, everything's good, how about you? So let's get started with my problem, before I used to play ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG platform, then I bought PRS-ORG and another PRS-ORG, the game works fine, the only problem is that I can't play with my friends online, they also have PRS-ORG.
My email address is :
EMAIL
ID: NAME-N
I have already tried everything I know, I have already talked to other people on chat and they were not able to help me.
This, I am unable to play online mode with my friends.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you tell me your name please?
PRS-ORG refund
had a bad experience
regarding the performance on my computer
The app freezes too much.
it was not what I expected
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Hi NAME-N!
Hi, this is NAME-F
I need help to access my PRS-ORG account, the code is not arriving in my email
Just received a code haha
Thank you for your attention NAME-N!
No, that's it!
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
good afternoon
everything is fine
I am doing well, thank you for asking.
then my PRS-ORG is not starting
I would like to unlink my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
I think the error may be that
sure
EMAIL
please check whether this is the case
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
good day
NAME-M
I'm well and you?
I would like to change the email that is associated with my PRS-ORG account
how could I do this?
however when I send a security code in my email to make the exchange, the message doesn't arrive..
I am not receiving the PRS-ORG emails
that's right
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-N
I would like to transfer the account that I recently dissociated from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I disconnected this user thinking that it would be saved at PRS-ORG, but when I opened it again, it had lost the account
basically, I wanted to transfer my progress from the PRS-ORG account to another user
and I ended up disconnecting from PRS-ORG
and I can't get into the account any more
when I open PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG
he was linked to another PRS-ORG account
and a totally new progress appears
I would like to transfer the progress from this PRS-ORG account to another
just the progress from PRS-ORG
how can I proceed?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I had an account at PRS-ORG , which was deleted by someone else
my account was deleted
I had there the game of PRS-ORG with the code: ALPHANUMERICID
I need help to recover my account
EMAIL
Yes, I need help to recover the account
it has been a long time since I last played and I think it may have been deleted or banned
yes
EMAIL
but that was the email that I used
Good afternoon, I did the withdrawal at 00h yesterday and it didn't come through, I contacted you guys and the operator said that there was a delay in the payment but that she would ask the department responsible to advance my payment, but when I tried to log into my account, the withdrawal went back into my amulet account, what happened?
NAME-N to withdraw again?
NAME-N: Without title.png
URL: URL
NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
NAME-F what did you reply to me in the email
right
Yes.
but why it was canceled
That’s what I want to know
Do I have to make the withdrawal again?
so it is not my fault
This is all OK with my account, correct?
no
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I ask you to state your name, please?
NAME-M
Yes
Since the update of yesterday I haven't been able to log into the ultimate TEMP do PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all PRS-ORG players
I don't have PRS-ORG
Moreover I only have 5 friends
I can’t solve the problem
I have goals to accomplish.
I only have today to get NAME-N's letter
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP that I’m losing out on because I can’t play
But I need to play today
Why do I only have until today to complete the objectives
How are you going to solve this situation?
Will I be at a disadvantage compared to other players for having PRS-ORG???
I will lose important players and points
Alright.
I will wait.
Thank you for the help
No, that’s not true.
It’s all ok.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-F I am NAME-M
EMAIL
510034
I hadn't taken this ban before I stopped playing, I come back and I have a ban for restricted activity?
I just wanted to come back to play to kill some time, but now I see that I got banned for nothing
NAME-M
I'm NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
hello good evening
Can you help me with a question?
I'm trying to buy the PRS-ORG ...
but to me to play this new map
I am obliged to buy the gold or ultimate version?
or by buying the basic one can I already play it?
gold or ultimate version*
not i just want to know if and it is possible to play the new map by buying the PRS-ORG basic version?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon.
There is no game to download
I attached the file
I received a notification that it was available
says it was made available at 58 minutes
How can I solve if I have PRS-ORG?
is it already solved
you would have to restart the PRS-ORG app
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
I bought PRS-ORG, I had a PRS-ORG, but I didn't pay attention that the version I bought was only for it.
I upgraded to PRS-ORG and don't have the game for the new version.
Would it be possible to make it available?
Will I have to buy the same game again?
Since the same is valued the same way on both platforms
So how are you doing?
I'm not going to play anymore because I'm not going to pay 2x for the same game.
I'll wait until next year.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
Good evening, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to report two users who are hacking in the online PRS-ORG game mode.
The name of one of them is NAME-N and the other is NAME-N
Both of them use commands that automatically point their sights at the head of other players and they can see through walls.
Incidentally, the server of the PRS-ORG games online are full of users using this type of cheat.
It's unfortunate and it's disheartening to play there.
I would like for actions to be taken against them.
The most just would be their banning from the platform.
Ok.
I will report on the link you sent me.
Just that really.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please provide me with your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with Twitch
but she asked for an access code
in a number that I no longer have
I already tried those cases
only q this says it is going to send the authentication code to a number I don't have anymore
and it is not the number I have linked
I used
it takes me to the point where I reported the problem
it asks for a verification code
and it says that it will send to a telephone number
q eu não tenho mais
and I even changed the PRS-ORG account's phone number a while ago
Ok
Thank you so much for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I would like to have a phone contact to speak to you
My account was hacked and you say there is nothing suspicious ???
I am not okay
You're messing around with the clients
I'm not liking this situation at all.
Can I say that I did what happened to my account?
Yes I desired to have a contact for a call.
Please
Do you have contact to call??
My email is EMAIL
I already know you are going to tell me nobody logged into the account
But did anyone get into my account?
Ok thank you
No thank you just that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
Hi there, how are you doing?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all PRS-ORG points and jewelry to win NAME-M, and again no player!
The last promotion did not come as well
I made a complaint
And I did not get any reimbursement and I did not win anything.
Just loss
Now the same promotion disappears from the store!
But it was already reported last time.
That's already the second time in a row.
I am losing money
The assistant told me I was the first to report it
Now this is still going on
But reporting alone won't solve what happened
How do I ask for a refund?
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First off, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
I have already talked to one of your colleagues about the missing game in my library , after doing what he told me to do the game is still missing
And as I work and leave the house every day at 8, it's a bit difficult to have an online conversation that solves my situation given that I do not have access to my pc now
EMAIL
The missing game and PRS-ORG
Game purchased on November 26th in PRS-ORG
I have already rebooted, I have cheated, I have gone to the dat app, I have deleted the files that your colleague told me, and yet I still have no game
I have the proof of payment from the bank and from PRS-ORG, as the game was purchased and how I have already 30 hours on it
It was paid €47.99
I have been able to start on the PRS-ORG
Since I am not at home I could not log in there, I will check when I get there!
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I am in need of help since my PRS-ORG is reading my control like it is from PRS-ORG
However, my control is from PRS-ORG
In PRS-ORG it reads my control as a PRS-ORG control, however, my control is a PRS-ORG control. PRS-ORG is also set to PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
but when I open the game it became as PRS-ORG
Before it was normal, I tried everything to fix it but it didn't work
was
changed to PRS-ORG out of the blue
and it won't come out in any way
I took a print to show that it is marked as PRS-ORG controller in PRS-ORG
where can I send it?
now it's back to normal
Thank you very much
have a good night
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I ask your name please?
NAME-M, I have 38 players listed for transfer in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear with the “tick” of sold but, I have not received the coins and I cannot withdraw them.
They are stuck there.
And I need gold letters to make the PRS-ORG
Did you understand?
So the 38 players are stuck in my list of transfers
They are low values.
These are players that are gold with a maximum overall of 79, around 1500 per player.
They are listed there.
All gold, rare or common
I would have to add the values of each player and I did not do it
But it's already the second time you've made a mistake with me.
Time goes by and nothing is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
hello good afternoon
my PRS-ORG does not open
This always happens when I update the operating system
I bought it from PRS-ORG
my name is NAME-M
EMAIL
it simply won't open
I have already disabled the antivirus.
I have already messed with the app data
and it doesn't work
I already did this, dude.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-N
NAME-N, when I click to play the multiplayer mode the game crashes
in just a few seconds
what could it be?
PRS-ORG
I downloaded it through PRS-ORG, but it requires using PRS-ORG to play it
I wished I could send you a video of what is happening
Right, I downloaded the PRS-ORG, the game starts normal, campaign mode works fine.
only the multiplayer that does not
but the campaign runs normally, I can play normally
this error only influences the multiplayer
It is not even an error, the game just closes
I am going to try to uninstall it and reinstall it.
no
thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please have your name?
Name-M
Good evening
I can't log out of the prime gaming account
I wanted to put in my new account
If you can help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Okay, I'll wait. Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
Why does PRS-ORG have a trash server?
DO NOT ASK A QUESTION
JUST READ
NAME-N, does anyone know how to read
And what problem did I say?
I did not say that it is my internet, it is not my pc
WHY DOES PRS-ORG HAVE A CRAPPY SERVER
NAME-N, all the attendants say the same thing.
until today the server is still garbage
Soon?
NAME-N what a joke
Years and years of consumer complaints
PRS-ORG being greedy doesn't buy a server
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
First, can you tell me your name please?
May I have your name please?
I was building a draft online
and came
2 NAME-N sent attached image
being that impossible
That's right
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
in this case
I will take other measures against the company
we gamers pay to have a product, and as there are PRS-ORG points which cost real money, I feel scammed
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I ask your name please?
Why is the game so bugged after the update...PRS-ORG
When is the next update going to come out to find out why it's not even worth it until then...
Player stops running for no reason...center back jumps in front of the attacker. Lateral runs twice as fast as the wings.
I do it all the time us on the first day we play the other side you do not find yourself in the field
I am not complaining about the game play
Wl, I do 8x1 9x1, this was 4 with a lot of pain it is not possible to play like this.
I want to know when will be the next PRS-ORG update???
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Yesterday I spoke with NAME-M about my account that was hacked
Yesterday I talked to NAME-M about my account that was invaded, she helped me, but I can't log in to my PRS-ORG account
I have changed my password several times
and I cannot get into my account, which is linked with the PRS-ORG account,
my NAME-M got closed and I couldn’t contact it again
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Nice to meet you too.
I have a question about PRS-ORG.
I see you mentioned becoming verified in PRS-ORG.
To become verified is to get to the elite division of PRS-ORG?
Ok.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please have your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
I have doubts regarding the PRS-ORG packs with problems
I have seen that those who made the player pick for PRS-ORG and withdrew PRS-ORG are going to receive the player pick again
However, what about the one who made the pack icon prime and also withdrew the icon moments, will he also receive?
I removed a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG pack.
I see. In that case, how long does it take to receive it?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I am fine, thank you.
I subscribed to PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG to play the PRS-ORG but it does not seem to acquire without buying
I can acquire PRS-ORG and others but not PRS-ORG
Let me check.
I can't find this game
I went to check the list of games on PRS-ORG now and all the PRS-ORG are in PRS-ORG, including PRS-ORG
Except the PRS-ORG which is not in the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I just contacted because I have the same account of PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG and in PC, but in PRS-ORG, he assigned me a different name
In the PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG I have had a team in the PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I accessed the account on the PRS-ORG but on the PC, it has shown up a different name
Nome PRS-ORG - NAME-N
PRS-ORG PC Name - ALPHANUMERICID
E-mail is the same  - EMAIL
Yes exactly, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here on the PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when PRS-ORG offered it a few months ago.
Here on the PC
Yes I know, but when I started the PRS-ORG here on the PC, it looked for my PRS-ORG account, which is why I received the awards for continuing to use my account to play.
I had never played PRS-ORG on PC, excluding PRS-ORG.
Yes, it is possible.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I ask for your name please?
Good afternoon NAME-M
I am NAME-M.
I was playing the weekend league and was winning 3x1 when my rival abandoned the match
But I didn't win the victory
Can you verify that?
EMAIL
Should I have gotten the win right?
No
I think it was the second to last
It was 3x1
Ah all right then
But will it be counted as a win?
I understand.
Thank you.
No.
That's all
Thank you!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, may I have your name please?
Good afternoon
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put in the email, it doesn't go ahead
It does not advance
ValéEMAIL
All lowercase with no accents
How do I do this?
Kkkkk
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
I just bought PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG site
I just redeemed the points on the PRS-ORG account.
But it is not showing up there in the game
Here it shows that I have 55 Reais available
But how do I put it in PRS-ORG?
That's right
CREDITCARD
That is what I bought on PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I was able to retrieve them in my account
the value
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
Good Afternoon!!
I would like to see if it is possible to delete my account with PRS-ORG.
Because I am trying to log into it but it says there is a problem with my account
I would like to uninstall and start all over again.
I can not open my PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG games
also
It's written "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account
Then I get into my email and open the PRS-ORG app
Only I can't link the PRS-ORG and can't open the game
I have already uninstalled the app and the game and installed again.
Even so, it didn't solve the problem
I really need your help, this is the second time I am talking to you today.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, may you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
My pleasure
So, I have been away for some time and am unable to get into my old account
I have a certain doubt about the email, I believe it is, EMAIL
But when I ask to reset the password I don't receive the email
Since PRS-ORG is an old website it has gone through a lot of changes and I had to reactivate my email
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Hi.
Hi, I would like to cancel my PRS-ORG subscription please.
I'm trying to carry out the cancellation from the billing page but the cancel option is not showing up
The associated email is EMAIL
Everything is already being cancelled through the PRS-ORG for my PRS-ORG subscription.
A question: in case I sign up for PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG, will the progress in other games that I had through PRS-ORG continue?
Or would it all start over?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please indicate your name?
hello good afternoon
then I am having a problem with the PRS-ORG app
i can't download the PRS-ORG app
msg appears: there was a problem with your download
Something went wrong during your download.
wait a few minutes and try again.
Yes
so I can only through PRS-ORG
I am going to do the procedures here
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
As a first, could you give me your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Likewise, NAME-M.
I made a PRS-ORG where I said "Player Selection PRS-ORG", but I received a PRS-ORG.
But I only did the PRS-ORG because I thought that I would receive the Player Pick. If I had known that I would win a package, I wouldn’t have done it.
Is there anything that can be done?
Still there?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a PRS-ORG match, when my opponent after scoring a goal, left the game
As soon as I left the game, a message appeared saying that the game was under review
I tried to get into the game mode again, and I could not enter, a message appears saying that I do not have the right to play that mode
It shows up in rivals and PRS-ORG
I usually get into the PRS-ORG
No, I want to finish, there are 7 more games to play, but I can't play
I think that I've taken an unjust ban
1 minute
EMAIL
NAME-N
Ah perfect, I was afraid I had taken ban kkkkkkkkk
Thank you for the help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
That's my login on the game, my account was banned by PRS-ORG, I stopped playing for a while and I noticed some coins were missing
I believe I was hacked!
I have been playing since 2012 and I have never done anything against the game!
I need you to check for me what is happening
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
so I'm having a problem logging into PRS-ORG
one hour they say the problem is with PRS-ORG, another hour they say with the servers
I have already gone several times on the website.
and it never works
what should I do
I do.
It worked now
thank you for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good morning!
My name is NAME-M
Pleasure to meet you!
NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG through my cell phone, in the PRS-ORG app, when I got home, I entered the game and the PRS-ORG weren't there
I bought again through the game, and it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORG from the second purchase disappeared
But the first purchase, didn't fall the PRS-ORG in the game
Yes!
It has already been 24 hours.
I bought it yesterday at 10:05 a.m.
Darn it, I feel cheated by the loss of those PRS-ORG
I understood!
I will contact PRS-ORG, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself?
NAME-F
Everything is ok with you?
I am trying to buy PRS-ORG points, and when I go to go to the PRS-ORG points options a message appears
It is not possible to add PRS-ORG points at the moment
Please try again later
A few days ago, it never happened.
PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
I am sorry I did not understand.
Is the server blocked from purchasing PRS-ORG points for PRS-ORG 18?
I understand, so it is a temporary problem.
If I am not able to in 24 hours, I will contact you again.
Thanks for your attention
We recently purchased 24 e-books from the PRS-ORG app and paid by credit card.
I would like to know if an invoice will be issued for this purchase??
Waiting for.
EMAIL
03/03/2021
Recently we made the purchase of 24 e-books through the PRS-ORG app and we paid with a credit card.
Would you be so kind as to let me know if an invoice will be issued for this purchase??
Awaiting your reply.
Will you be issuing an NF for the purchase we made through the PRS-ORG app?
For every sale of a product, a receipt is generated, right?
I would like to know if you will send me by e-mail the NF of the purchase of 24 e-books that we have just made
HOW SO?
You don't have a partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Good evening NAME-M.
I was already talking to another agent, but my connection fell
I am doing well, thanks for asking
My PRS-ORG game has a bug, where the icon marker is moving without me touching the control
I have already changed the control and it still has the same bug
Yes.
When I start the game the arrow to select the icons moves constantly without stopping, and all of this without me touching the controller.
I already used different controls and still, the bug remains.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
can you help me please?
I already have PRS-ORG linked to my PRS-ORG account
I was already playing PRS-ORG normally... until yesterday
today I can not log in to PRS-ORG anymore, says: I am sorry but an error occurred in the connection with PRS-ORG
EMAIL
I even reformatted my PC to see if it would work, and it did not work at all
I am going to send a print screen
It just started working again
Did you make any adjustments?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
Good night
I'm unable to link my account to PRS-ORG
I enter my email and password but the code does not arrive in my email
EMAIL
the one above is the main one
the secondary one is EMAIL
but it doesn't give the option to put the secondary one to link it
I was able to put in that code you sent
obg
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Name-F, my name is Name-M.
I am experiencing a particular problem.
on my PRS-ORG
I'm having a problem
that when I try to change the graphic of the details of the shadows to the off one, it goes back to on all of a sudden
I just want to leave it desactivated, but I can't do it
EMAIL
ai esta o email
It must be a technical problem, NAME-F. I tried to uninstall the game and reinstall it, format my PC, and nothing worked.
It still has the same problem
NAME-F ?
that has been a long time
nearly a year already.
that's not the problem
the problem is in my game graphics
it is just the "shadow details [illumination]" which changes to low on its own
even though I want to leave it disabled
NAME-M, I hope to obtain a response from you as soon as possible.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello 😸
My 10/10/10 insignia did not count
Each of the team has to kill 10 people to get , we got it but it did not count
PRS-ORG game
I have photo and video if that helps.
Which data do you need?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello good morning
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked to the email EMAIL
Last night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG and they are still not in my account
PRS-ORG ID
Email: EMAIL
I bought it directly from the PRS-ORG store.
Buying it straight from the game was giving an error
I opened the PRS-ORG menu, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reals
This value is the subscription of the account with PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
Yesterday I did the subscription renewal of PRS-ORG but it entered in duplicate.
I want to cancel one of the charges.
The membership is for PRS-ORG.
I made the purchase on the PRS-ORG itself
in the PRS-ORG app
OK then
thank you
That’s all for now.
NAME-F
good dua
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
I need to inform you that the request has been received.
.. we have to test if I can download it.
and to know if the brochure that came with the PRS-ORG worked
Where do I print it?
with the instruction manual
I bought the version 4
without limitations of the free to be launched on the 18th
it has already appeared in the download environment
but I need to know where the manual is for downloading with the license of use and instructions
also
it would be like downloading starting and the instruction manual equal to the PRS-ORG
I bought it as a physical medium
and the instruction manual
Yes
Otherwise, thank you.
Good day and good work
Just that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello good night !
I would like to request my Rival Rewards as I have completed the 8 weekly wins
My name is NAME-M
My email is EMAIL
Ah yes 🙌🏻
Okay
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I sent the photo of the error on entry
I was in an online match and in the middle of the game my internet dropped.
I’m trying to reconnect, but I can’t
I sent a photo of the error
I would like to go to the PRS-ORG menu
I need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I'm restarting the console
PRS-ORG console
And I will try again.
I think it worked 🤞🤞
That was it
Thank you so much for your help.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
I bought PRS-ORG
did not drop
I've attached it as you requested.
and I need them to be manually placed
since I want to buy something that has a time limit to buy.
PRS-ORG
EMAIL
look, I'm going to miss out on the promotion and I'm going to take you to court.
Second call I open and you guys with this nonsense
Proof was already sent, it was supposed to be in my account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Hi there
I was banned and I wanted to use my email again for another account
I want you to delete my account
Yes
Delete everything
I want to use this email again buddy
EMAIL
the account has already been deactivated and you keep the email blocked
My PRS-ORG account is from this email, I can't play PRS-ORG in it because you're withholding my email
How to change it?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
Firstly, could you please introduce yourself?
NAME-M
So, NAME-F, good afternoon!
I'm having a problem of disconnects, or dc as it's better known, in my account
It's not my internet, because I'm never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, just from the games
And that is harming me a lot, especially in the PRS-ORG's, since it is very important to not lose dumb matches to try and reach a higher rank, now that I'm taking this type of disconnection every week, what do I do?
What? I'm facing disconnection problems
Enfrenting**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide your name?
Good afternoon, everything is fine!!
Then, it appears that today there is an update for the game, right?!
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, however when I started the game, the game was giving an error
I have uninstalled, and installed it again
But it still keeps on the error
I can't play the game, an error message keeps coming up
I have the picture
May I keep
I am awaiting.
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and it is all good
Only the PRS-ORG, right after this update, gave an error and the same does not enter
Do you think you can release it today?
Or do you give some deadline?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N
To begin, may I ask your name, please?
NAME-M
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account has been suspended from the transfer market
Account: ALPHANUMERICID
However I'm not in any scheme of buying and selling of coins.
Correct
Sure
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to change the PRS-ORG account linked to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked a PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account, but it belongs to my cousin and I subscribed to PRS-ORG so I want to replace the account with the other one
I want to link another prime account
Only, I am unable to do so, as it says I cannot link another account
But I don't want to use both, I just want to put the prime that I signed up for
I want to link another Prime gaming account to my PRS-ORG account.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and it doesn't charge.
It gets stuck on the loading screen of history mode
My pc meets the requirements to play the game and I have already tried to lower the graphics to the maximum to try to load
So what’s left is to wait for it to be corrected?
Is there anything else I can do?
I want to play the game
It turns out at the beginning of the year the same game was on promotion and I bought it and had exactly the same problem.
I requested a refund because I thought it was a hardware issue.
Will I have to wait another 1 year to play the game?
Eight months have passed and the problem wasn't solved
it is difficult to trust your word that it will be resolved soon
What a joke
But okay
I really don't know what to do
Thank you for at least letting me know
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I’m not able to start a game.
It was after I did a DME that this error started…
Today in the morning I was playing normal
Now at night it is with problem
The message that says "you are having a connection problem with PRS-ORG" appears.
And then it returns to the initial menu
I can not start a game in any mode
I have already tested my connection and it is working fine
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
Is my account okay?
Are others also having this problem?
How do I solve this?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Good evening.
I can't play PRS-ORG.
I have the PRS-ORG subscription, the PRS-ORG one, it includes the PRS-ORG
As it happens, when I open the game, the error comes up, which I've attached to the images
Remembering that it is the 10th hour of the assessment
I even got to access the game early.
But I have been able to access the game earlier.
Let me check my subscription, it is active until day 02 of the next month
Ok
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you doing?
I'm having trouble logging into PRS-ORG mode, and some friends of mine are having the same problem
How nice!
☺️
Yes, I even sent it at the beginning of the conversation
A photo of what shows up
It was not possible to connect to PRS-ORG.
Try again later.
That message that appears
The PRS-ORG that I play is another profile.
I play PRS-ORG in one account and PRS-ORG in the following one
EMAIL
That's the e-mail
Yes yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I still have problems to start the game
I'm having problems starting the game
The anticheat is giving me problems
a memory dump appeared in the error message
I entered in contact earlier and was told that you were going to solve this problem immediately
and I signed up with PRS-ORG just so that I could play the game today
I want to know when I will be able to play.
Yes.
I have tried many things already
and nothing is resolved
you guys should already know about this problem
so, what's the solution?
Is the problem in the anticheat then?
Should I not do anything on my computer?
Okay
Thanks
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I can't play PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG
A message appears saying I don’t have permission
Yes.
It says I don't have the necessary right to access this feature
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you indicate your name for me please?
Name-F
I was talking to another operator and the chat was dropped
regarding my last open case of PRS-ORG
no, I bought PRS-ORG at his event!
however shortly afterwards you nerfed it and it's unplayable, my request was if you could trade my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one!
because I deeply regretted to have bought the one from you and you nerfed the doll
I would really appreciate your help.
I was talking to another attendant but the call dropped, he said that he would check with the team
attendant*
Yes, or a refund to get from the wraith
new from wraith
PRS-ORG is the game I love the most, the one I play the most since season 1
I would be very grateful if you could help me
shit
not even a code for me to try to buy the new heirloom?
I would not call if you took it off the saw
seer
You give so much code to those streamers that talk bad about the game and we, us who loves the game, end up getting hurt by the nerf that they do to the boneco
I would be playing with it if they had not killed it
now I spent my money and regret it, can you help me please?
a code, you would be helping me, I would complete what is missing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please let me know your name?
NAME-M
Hi I had my account hacked or my cell phone hacked I don't know and my players were sold, my coins disappeared and I was banned from the market
I was so focused on my account and now this happened, I am disheartened
I'm already trying to contact you, give me 5-star attention, the support team only sends emails that won't reverse the situation
Case
My account is already old and I have never been banned. It was not me.
And to start off, another account doesn't work, I already have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is linked
Please help me
I am desperate
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
this problem has been going on for a week now
I am very angry
When I start the anti-cheat it appears the message: "it was not possible to start.
Necessary administrator's access, this problem has persisted for a week
I need a reply urgently
YES SWEETIE
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-F.
NAME-M.
So, I took advantage of the discount that PRS-ORG is offering 70%, and decided to purchase PRS-ORG.
NAME-F, I have installed it, but when I run the game I get these error messages... I do not know what it is or how to fix it...
I sent the print as an attachment when I opened the chat.
Yes, that's right.
I open the game by the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG page, starts up by the PRS-ORG, and then the errors appear that I sent in the print.
Has NAME-F been able to access the print I sent?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
As a start, may I have your name please?
I have reinstalled PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG App, but PRS-ORG won't open.
The PRS-ORG App opens twice and it doesn't open the game.
It was normal until yesterday.
I understand that you are having issues with launching PRS-ORG, correct?
I have already researched all the tutorials possible of you.
All I can do is format my computer...
Even the last person I spoke to sent 3 links to my email which I had already accessed previously.
EMAIL
It is associated with my PRS-ORG account, where the purchase was made.
There is no error message that appears.
It just doesn't open.
It doesn't even open the PRS-ORG
The PRS-ORG App just closes and opens again in offline mode.
okay
those were the same links they sent me last time
I had already accessed it and it didn't resolve it
I guess I will have to try formatting my computer, because you do not even know the reason why
No problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Hello my friend, how are you?
My name is NAME-M
Yes I am.
I bought the PRS-ORG a few minutes ago but I didn’t really like the game
then I'd like to ask for a refund
can you help me with that?
Sure, one moment, my friend.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, may I please have your name?
Good evening!
My name is NAME-M
I was thinking about purchasing PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG, but I am not sure if my PC has the requirements to run the game
my processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID   2.40 GHz
And I have 8 GB of RAM
but the graphic card is
Yes, but the graphics card only has Nvidia or PRS-ORG.
The graphic card is an Intel HD graphics 520.
Will the game run?
Ah, ok.
Well, it looks like I'll have to invest in a video card
thank you for the help!
thank you
That is all for today!
Have a great rest of the day and good work!
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
As a start, can you please give me your name?
I am NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the server went down
Am I going to lose the match ?
Yes but am I going to get the entry to PRS-ORG refunded?
I can't connect
Server is down
My internet is perfect
The server crashed when I was in the game
I want to know if I will receive my entry in the PRS-ORG returned?
Plus it’s not just me that can’t get in
Everyone I know can't get in.
It wasn't my internet's problem
It was your server's problem
I just don't want to lose the game because of this
I only want the PRS-ORG entry to be returned
Ok
That's it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I please have your name?
I wanted the refund
the refund for the game that I purchased on PRS-ORG
I cannot play
the game is faulty and I can't get into the game to play.
there are conditions but I don’t want a refund
3 days that I can’t enter to play.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you indicate your name please?
NAME-M birth
Good evening, how are you doing?
I am getting in touch because I deleted my team and want to see the possibility of reavê-lo
NAME-N this game is making me nervous kkkk
Isso mesmo
At the ultimate time
Name of the club: Squad of the Wizard
Ok
EMAIL
Hum ok then I'm going to end my participation in the PRS-ORG
Thank you very much for trying.
Good evening NAME-F all is well, God be with you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I know your name, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Is everything okay?
My house in the PRS-ORG has disappeared
I was in touch just now, and they asked me to follow a troubleshooting guide on PRS-ORG
I had to restart my computer and lost the dialog, but that didn’t work
I didn't use any corrupted items, only the ones from the package,
It disappeared some time ago, I opened a solution request, after a while, an update appeared and it returned
I created the family and when I tried to put them in the house, it disappeared again
That's right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide your name?
Good evening, my question is regarding PRS-ORG.
The 10 hours of PRS-ORG count only when the game is open
Or it counts from the very first moment that you open the game
In addition, if I close the game and go do something else, the test continues the time
Or only when the game is open?
If I turn off my PC does the time still continue?
If the game is completely closed
The time still goes on.
Or only if the game is open.
Okay, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
First of all, may I know your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure.
I'm tremendously desperate because yesterday I entered my account and noticed that practically all my coins were taken out.
Around 1 million 100 thousand coins.
I don't know what to do in this case!
That's why I came to ask for help
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
Good evening, I just had a problem with downloading the purchase I made.
I redid the purchase and the same problem came up.
My name is: NAME-M
Hi NAME-M
I still have a problem with downloading the PRS-ORG package for The PRS-ORG that I bought.
I am using the PRS-ORG App.
Could this be a problem with the app?
I managed to download
I cleaned the application cache
of PRS-ORG App in the option "Recovery of the app"
It worked.
For now thank you very much!
Good evening
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please provide me with your name?
NAME-F
I bought a game and I could not download it. Could you help me?
I installed the application of PRS-ORG on my computer.
I purchased The PRS-ORG collection of worlds
EMAIL
I am not receiving error message, I wanted you to teach me how to download the game from the PRS-ORG app
he only appears (YOU ALREADY HAVE THIS COMPLEMENT)
But I don't know how to download the game
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you indicate your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
I already have a PRS-ORG level 500 account
However I want to play on the PC and link the same account
when cross progression comes, it won't mess up and make me lose the things in my PRS-ORG account?
the game is PRS-ORG legends
but I want to play on PC now
with the same email.
etc
will there be any future problems?
I am a writer and owner of the rights of the book The Fairy and the Wizard
URL
You can't sell it!
Tthe company that put the book up there cannot see the same ... favor remove ...
I don't talk as a user.
I speak as a writer and owner of the rights.
you are human
I want to talk to a human
thank you I will open a case there
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello Good evening, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to resolve this problem, I decided to contact you.
After several attempts to solve my problem, I decided to contact you. When I start PRS-ORG, it gives me an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I tried everything I could find on the internet to solve it, but it was all in vain
Basically, you guys are my last chance
In this case, I have not done it.
Do you want me to do that?
just give me a minute, please, I'll be fast
Unfortunately it still gives me the same error
After following all the steps, the same error appeared again when I started the PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately I can't open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS on the PRS-ORG App Companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Hi, I am not able to connect to rivals
It has been more than 15 hours.
I can enter to play rivals
An alert is showing, saying it is more than 15 hours
Yes
I had already contacted support and was told that the problem would be resolved quickly
However, the problem still persisted
That's fine, and what about the rewards?
Since there is still 1 game left to achieve, and 12 hours left for the Rivals to end.
Hello
And how would I be able to pick these packages up afterwards ?
Because that is the progress of the entire season, there are 89 games to get the best reward, and I have not been able to play to get game 90
It is frustrating for us to play an entire season and not be rewarded
Especially at such an important event as TOTY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Fine
so, a long time ago I deleted my gmail which was part of a PRS-ORG account and today I can no longer access my old account precisely because I deleted my old gmail
Could you help me?
the account that I am talking about now and my Gmail work together; in other words, I am trying to recover my old account
which is registered in that gmail
EMAIL
this old gmail account was deleted and I forgot to change it on PRS-ORG before deleting it, and I had games in there.
like bf4 and others
Is there a way to recover the account with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
So, NAME-M.
I bought and downloaded the game NAME-F today and after the installation the game doesn’t open.
It keeps on giving the following message: "An error occurred that caused a failure in initialization.
"Try again later."
No, it is already installed.
But it does not open when I start it...
Yes.
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
Therefore I liked the amuletobet
I found a better gambling house
A URL for swift withdrawals
I can't play on platforms like this
Sorry but I cannot do it.
Bonus denied
That's why I want my account deleted, I don't want the bonus, I've decided, and my way is this.
I don't want it anymore, I found another gambling house that is better, and I really value this and my way.
Bye already, I'm grateful.
For deletion.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
I purchased PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and when starting PRS-ORG my game is not in the library, when starting from PRS-ORG I'm redirected to PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I didn't receive any code, it gives an access denied error, I have a printout of the purchase receipt
Yes
Actually I bought from the PRS-ORG and did not know I had a code
but when I start the game I'm redirected to PRS-ORG and it asks for the code
I got in touch with PRS-ORG and they sent me to PRS-ORG's website and now I'm lost, one is sending me to the other.
And here in the same website it says that I can ask for your help
I lost my code and I haven't installed it through the PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose a product key, please contact us so we can assist you.
You may be asked for a proof of purchase, so make sure you have that handy.
that is a topic that I found
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-F
Pleased to meet you
I bought the PRS-ORG game, but can't access it
I input the email and I couldn't finish it
I cannot advance and use it
I am very grateful to you
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I know your name please?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Please help me.
I have been hacked and from what I've seen they erased my PRS-ORG club.
I have invested a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and I can not lose my account like this.
As I sent you the photo in the annex now this morning I tried to enter into my companion app of PRS-ORG and I don't have any club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thank you in advance for your help
I last played on Tuesday night.
Yesterday I didn't play because I worked the entire day and today when I wanted to enter my club this morning, it said that the club didn't exist.
OK thank you for the information
Then you are saying that this is it and I was not hacked
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I am trying to link a PRS-ORG account
however it says that another one is already linked
I actually already unlinked an account last week
EMAIL
That is the e-mail that I want to link
the one that is shown to be linked is the EMAIL
I was not using the old one
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening
My name is NAME-M
I am not able to log into my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG game
The application closes as soon as I enter the account option
Yes
I already tried restarting the device.
I've already uninstalled and installed the app.
And again the problem persists
No
The game has been newly installed
The game was newly installed
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My name is that
I am doing great!
I am not able to login in PRS-ORG mobile
In my account's case
The login error is that it doesn't simply appear to me
Only an image is darkened
And then it just keeps loading
thank you for trying to fix this for me, I appreciate it very much
Yes, I'm using the PRS-ORG phone.
CREDITCARD
That is the ID that I was using
NAME-M
the email is EMAIL
I was already attended in the protocol PHONENUMBER
nothing was helpful
the game simply closes every time I open it
whether by PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG
I have already reinstalled and already did everything
and it still won't open
of the black screen
Exactly.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I know your name please?
Hello, NAME-M.
I'm NAME-M and I was speaking with PRS-ORG when the window closed.
It's also a pleasure
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins but I haven't even selected the difficulty.
My energy dropped and I lost the coins without even being able to select the difficulty of the draft.
May I help you?
EMAIL
Thank you.
Unfortunately this does not solve the problem.
There are no rewards once the draft has not even been disputed but PRS-ORG kept my 15 thousand coins.
There's nothing else I can do to help you.
Unfortunate.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
unfortunately I am not feeling well
my account is advertising my players and items on PRS-ORG
doing sale and purchase without me asking !!!!
I don't know if there is someone going into my account or it is a bug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My account email is saying that there is none.
PRS-ORG
However it is still entering.
My email is EMAIL
All I want is to recover the account
In PRS-ORG I enter normally
In the PRS-ORG app
No
I think so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-F
I can't make the payment for the packages, it says not authorized even though I have credit in the card
EMAIL
pay the card, usually.
seconds later
purchase is charged back
I tried 2 different cards.
what should I do?
Try again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please indicate your name for me?
My name is Indiano de Merda
I am going to take a dump in your a**, you motherfucker!
That company had to explode with all of you inside, go fuck yourself
Disgusting handicap of this game
Always favoring the worst ones.
If the son of a bitch plays badly or has a crap team then the problem is his fucking.
Then you guys fuck up the game with this handicap.
Talk to me, NAME-N, don't you feel ashamed to work in this company???
Are you not ashamed to work for PRS-ORG?
How long does it take you to answer a simple question?
My question is: are you not ashamed to work for PRS-ORG?
It's a very simple question: yes or no?
Well-based hahaha you have been brainwashed, man.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please let me know your name?
Hi good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Would you happen to have a link I could use to log in?
To not use the application
I was able to access the link, but will I be able to play PRS-ORG through this application?
Opa, from this link
Same with PRS-ORG
How?
:C
When I click on PRS-ORG, it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, but it offers options to download PRS-ORG
With the PRS-ORG it's not working?
Oh my God
And now?
I have already uninstalled and installed and nothing
So I enter the PRS-ORG program that is installed on the computer, but it opens the PRS-ORG that does not load and the game does not open
I will restart it, I hope it works
I am desperate
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
Hello, how are you doing?
so, since last week I have had problems with speed lag.
however my connection is good and the servers are working as well
I don't know if the video was attached
I usually connect to the servers, and I can log into PRS-ORG
however, when entering the match, some signs in red appear in the top corner of the screen
and everything freezes, and all of the sudden everything is super fast
The ping is always between 30 and 40
but different signals appear in red in the upper corner of the screen
I do not know if you were able to understand
then my problem might be with my internet service provider, right?
unfortunately
geez life, what a wack job
that was it  yes, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you to indicate your name please?
NAME-M
Yes
I bought the pass today at 4:00 PM but it didn't get cleared, I've been sending proof since then and talking with the attendant to solve the problem
Now they asked me to speak in the live chat
Could you explain the step by step process to me
Because when I log out, I have to start all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
good evening
Good afternoon
hello
oh my god kkkkkkkkkk
I did not know this language
then NAME-N
but I don't know the email of the account of these codes
how fancy.
I can pass you the email of the account with which I am currently speaking to you
but it is not the account with the expansions I am referring to
my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
good evening
I would like to know how I can get access to the PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, I've been playing it all day and I can't log in
Is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
also thanks, on the transfer page it shows that my PRS-ORG account doesn't have access yet
NAME-M, I have to get access to playing
Lucky me, I thought NAME-M had taken a ban without NAME-F, haha.
Thank you ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I opened a case and got an email yesterday saying it had been finalized
However, the rewards that were supposed to come to me did not come
EMAIL
Oshi more but it's different for me
It was analysed and the coins were credited to my account
And how do you add something to the game in my account and you can't do anything ?
So what is the point of you?
We pay so much for a game when the service is requested and they couldn't resolve it for me
And I still end up losing money
I want a solution
And what happens then, I'm at a loss?
Dude, if it has to be fixed, I don't accept this
How am I supposed to have a content of the account and some and I'm in the red?
And even a message came through saying that everything is fine that it was a mistake and that the game's coins would be added to the account?
Something is not right
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I have your name please?
Will I have to buy PRS-ORG again?
the order history shows that the PRS-ORG status failed
Hello, nice to meet you.
in the application of my card shows that the payment is in progress
but because of the status in the order history showing that it failed I am uncertain
one more question, will the amount be reimbursed to my credit card then, right?
I am not at risk of getting two PRS-ORGs,
Perfect, thank you very much for your attention
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Name-M
Good evening
I hope that you are doing well
Is it possible to transfer a game, PRS-ORG, to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I was disappointed because I couldn't access the web App
It says I don't have a club
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
Name-M
I bought a pack at the store today at 11:25:00 where it gave a loan icon and 5 players 82+, but I received a completely different one from the description
I’ve never had problems before concerning this
date of purchase is today 15:48
I understood
will i receive the correct package?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please indicate your name?
Hello, I was being attended but it dropped.
Case ID: PHONENUMBER
Game won't start because of problems with the PRS-ORG.
I already followed the attendant's instructions regarding the uninstall and reinstallation of the anti-cheat and launching the PRS-ORG as admin, and it didn't solve anything
EMAIL
OK, problem solved.
It worked.
The game is working again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Good evening
Name-M
My name is NAME-M.
I'm having my PRS-ORG transfer market blocked
I am a client of PRS-ORG since the PRS-ORG 18.
But I was from the platform PRS-ORG and I bought this year for PRS-ORG
Hello NAME-N
Sure
Thank you!
Tool outage issue?
What is it?
Ahh tá
I will call again in a little while.
Thank you very much NAME-M
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
then, I bought a PRS-ORG from American stores in a promotion that came with the PRS-ORG, and when the product arrived for me, I activated the code to download the game, did the rescued, but the game did not appear so that I could make the download.
NAME-N appears on the PRS-ORG to buy.
then I contacted the store's support and they asked to speak with you
That's it
I am unable to download the game through the activation code that came with the voucher
EMAIL
The code isn't with me, I need to go get it.
NAME-F forwards it to you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I ask for your name please?
good night
I can't install the PRS-ORG
I click to install and it doesn't start the installation process
it closes automatically
correct
the PRS-ORG app does not start or the setup to install
I have already tried downloading another setup or restarting my pc, downloading the system updates, but so far nothing has worked
nothing happens
I click on the setup of the PRS-ORG it just doesn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
I wanted to solve a problem with my login to the PRS-ORG draft
In the Security Check where the words appear to copy
I get it right, but it does not work
I am having issues with logging in
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello Manas!
It's me again, I spoke to you recently about my old PRS-ORG account being linked to my PRS-ORG account, however the same message insists on appearing even after three hours, is this normal?
I am NAME-M!!
I opened a support ticket with you at around 20:30.
However, that message still persisted even after you disconnected the PRS-ORG account from my PRS-ORG old account
Okay!
I will be waiting!
I can try again tomorrow morning!
If not resolved, I will try to contact you again, okay?
Perfect!!
I will have a look at the site you sent, thank you again for helping me!
I would like to apologize for all this trouble haha, I feel like I'm troubling you!
Thank you!!
It was a pleasure to receive your help again with this problem I am having!
I hope that tomorrow morning it will already be disconnected from the old PRS-ORG!
whenever I enter the game the world PRS-ORG doesn't appear
I have restarted the PC, I have reinstalled the PRS-ORG app.
I have already cleaned the cache of the app PRS-ORG
the PRS-ORG opens normally
as soon as I start the game, the PRS-ORG world doesn't appear
and every time I clean the cache of the PRS-ORG app, PRS-ORG appears to download
EMAIL
otherwise the weather is cloudy here ,
I am crazy to play this new pack and until now it is just sadness
I just got a number
case key
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I have your name please?
NAME-F
My The PRS-ORG game isn’t loading...
An error appears during the download of my "save".
I access the game via the PRS-ORG
NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
That's it!
I restarted the game and the game application.
Thank you so much for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon NAME-M.
How are you doing?
I made a withdrawal request but realized it was denied and didn't receive the reason
Could you please look it up for me and let me know the problem?
Is the code the bank number?
Because I filled in that item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know
I'll try to make another request.
Thank you
No.
Thank you
Hello.
Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you give me your name, please?
My name is NAME-N
Dear friend, please
I won a match of WL and my opponent is insulting me on the PRS-ORG chat
I have attached some images, I don't know if you were able to read it
I received xenophobic insults, they were swearing at me calling me NAME-N
I received threats of death "you will die"
I received vulgar insults as in the image.
His ID is "NAME-N"
The blessed created 3 secondary accounts and is sending me messages there, saying he'll get me banned
Please help me, these attitudes are unacceptable
I attached it before I started the live chat
How do I input here?
I have 4 images.
PRS-ORG
Do you also need the images?
I have a printout of the conversation and all his uploads.
Ok
I'll do that right now
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M
Hello.
I am trying to sign in to PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG 18 but it says my account is currently blocked.
he is asking that I log in to the console that I played the game on but I no longer have access to it.
so you are telling me to contact the PRS-ORG Help
Certissimo
ok, now it doesn't appear the message that it is blocked and asks me to choose a security question, so I think the problem is solved.
yes I was able to log in.
Thank you for the help.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I opened a bunch of rare megapackages today that showed as tradable but were actually untradable
It really hurt me (discarding players, time, etc.)
I also sent you an attachment with a video showing
I would like to know what will be done about it
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
Hello good morning
Yesterday I made the purchase of PRS-ORG
I have a doubt about the content
Will the items that come in the promotion be added immediately or only at the release of the game?
The PRS-ORG points didn’t drop or the other items
Can you please inform me?
From PRS-ORG
Access was consolidated
However, the items have not
Ok, thank you
Hi, good afternoon, I am having a problem verifying my documentation.
An e-mail account verification was requested, after I requested a withdrawal of 200 reais
I sent all of the documents and now they are asking for a copy of the credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual
And those have expired, many of the payments were not even approved
I have never had any problems with PRS-ORG, I am disappointed
What do I do?
No, that is all.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please give me your name?
Good morning
NAME-M
So, I'm running the PRS-ORG with a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, an NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card and 24 GB of RAM.
My configurations are above the recommended ones by PRS-ORG to play the game, but the game is crashing a lot.
A number of people are complaining.
I would like to know if PRS-ORG is aware of the problem and if they already have a solution
I have not received any error.
What is happening is that I'm inside a game, the screen freezes and then the game comes back at a very high speed, as if it's in PRS-ORG
Additionally, the PRS-ORG is using about 80% of my video card to run.
That's not normal
Okay
I will check and get back to you
I would just like it to be registered that this is a problem that several people are experiencing
It's not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use 80% of the video card
Thanks
Good day
Just that.
Thank you
Hugs
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you indicate your name for me please?
My name is NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Now, recently I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I started playing and got an error that said my game needed an internet connection?
What was strange, if I had internet
but while researching I found out that I need a key to enter the game
I cannot create an account
In this case, I'm not able to create an account within PRS-ORG
NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you give me your name, please?
That's it. Recently I was banned on the transfer market in PRS-ORG on the web app only, and now I'm also banned from the market on all platforms for using a trade website
I confess that I used a trade site but it was for a short time
And not to benefit myself
Yes
But I think I was banned unfairly
Because I had removed the site from my account
Because I found it really unfair to use the site
And I think I got banned because recently my account also had suspicious activities
And you ended up changing the password of my account saving the
Email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I ask for your name please?
Good day, my name is NAME-F
I had a question: I have all the PRS-ORG on my PC, if I subscribe to PRS-ORG, can I link them on PRS-ORG?
Or do I need to buy them all again?
the progress, but the expansions
because the PRS-ORG from PC I spent more or less 5000 reais in all expansions and extras
It is difficult to spend all that on the console
are there only the basic game or the expansions too?
alright, thanks
NAME-M: yes, thank you!!
Have a nice weekend
I have a PRS-ORG that is experiencing problems with the screen. Half of it is scratched and I can't read the text.
I'd like to replace the screen, but I'm in Brazil and we don't have any PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to repair this screen even if it costs me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandma's house,
I had tried before the pandemic, I think I'll keep trying to find someone who can do this for me.
In any case, thank you.
Same to you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First off, could you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
Unfortunately I am not doing well I am extremely unbalanced psychologically
I was threatened and also the player did psychological torture to me
Using low words for my family
I got really exhausted at one point because he began threatening me and wanting terrible things
Yes.
However it was abusive that the player told me in the chat in the game PRS-ORG
The attached photo that I sent you was the start that he reported
I am deeply shaken and will already call my psychologist that it really shook me up
I am feeling really bad, I have a daughter
He wished bad things for me and my daughter, as a father I love my daughter.
I'm feeling totally down and don't have the strength to get up from the bed because of what he did
Nader
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
I can't do it.
use the PRS-ORGpoints
like, it's impossible to open packs with them
it is that I was surprised
why do they have youtubers/streamers
opening packs with PRS-ORG points
like the URL is just opening packs with PRS-ORG points right now
okay
thank you
The data for PRS-ORG, Transferência, Boleto... whatever option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hi!
My name is NAME-F
I'm having problems with making purchases in the PRS-ORG application.
I tried to purchase some PRS-ORG packages several times, but it was unsuccessful.
Can you help me with that?
I am not able to process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill in my full name and CPF but it doesn't generate the order
So I can not pay
The charge is not generated
I can't make payment.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG user
DONE!
The last try resulted in a spam order.
It worked!
Thank you very much!
PRS-ORG doesn't load a part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning.
Pleasure to meet you!
Both my system's version (PRS-ORG) and the game's version are updated!
No.
It starts and I played it until a
It starts and I played for a little more than half of episode 8.
However, when trying to start from where I stopped in episode 8 it does not load!!
No error appears!!
The game simply crashes when I try to load from where I stopped!!
The screen goes dark and the icon that shows the game loading stops spinning!
Then I have to close the application!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please give me your name?
Hi, good afternoon.
Then
Yesterday I made an improvement of mid/ prime icon it was a game's own error I thought it was a player's choice
but when I saw it it was a normal package
I would like to know if I can return my players because if it was not for the translation error, I would not have created the package
ok
but will there be any kind of return of the players I spent?
because I spent a lot of players and coins
just one more doubt about this topic
the PRS-ORG team will contact you in the game
or some social media network?
Ok
I'll wait then.
Thanks for the support
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name?
Hi, good day
I'm having an issue with transfer on PRS-ORG
I search to buy players on the transfer because I can get them cheaper .
And then seeing him for a higher price but all through the game without any kind of program
And msm that way, my transfer window was blocked
Inclusive use PRS-ORG points too.
I try to take the game as seriously as possible because I really enjoy the game
This I am no longer able to bid on the players
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you doing?
I made him the dme a crack of the future
And all the 4 options were totw
Yes
I made the PRS-ORG of the future.
That offers 4 options to choose from.
Only that all the options came from the team of the week
I chose NAME-N
But there should be options for PRS-ORG of the future
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I get your name please?
NAME-M
PRS-ORG game freezes constantly.
I have reinstalled it, I have seen other options in many different forums.
My PC complies perfectly with the recommended requirements
and still nothing changes the behavior of the game
Right now it is even talking to my father, who works in the IT field
I'll try and then tell you something
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-N.
To begin, may you please tell me your name?
I purchased 12000 PRS-ORG points and did not receive them
Order number: ALPHANUMERICID
Order date: Mar. 12.
of 2022 13:37:00 BRT
I bought it from the PRS-ORG Companiop app.
Companion
You just signed in
I received the PRS-ORG points
Thank you for your help
PRS-ORG#1 up to #7
and I just looked here, didn't get the PRS-ORG #4, but did get the others
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I have your name, please?
NAME-M My name
I would like help as I redeemed the PRS-ORG rewards for months, for when I buy it I already have a few packs
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, I only found one.
EMAIL
but I only received 1, I don't know which one
I have a printout if you would like it, which shows that it has been redeemed, but it is not in the game.
On PRS-ORG/PC
when I redeemed I wasn't playing, as I bought the game yesterday
just picked it up to have some packs when I bought it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
Then, on May 31, I bought PRS-ORG coins and I did not receive them. I asked for a refund from PRS-ORG and everything was ok on June 2nd. I tried to buy again and I did not receive my items and I was not able to receive the refund. I tried to talk to the PRS-ORG support and I was denied. I tried to talk to the support of the PRS-ORG and they closed my case and gave it as concluded (nothing was solved). I tried again to talk to the support of the PRS-ORG and they sent me to an advanced team and nothing was done. Now I am trying to talk to PRS-ORG again to solve this. I have been since the 2nd without my item and without my money.
Please respond to me.
Is it not enough that the company provides no support at all, the attendants also?
Yes I've been having the problem since the beginning of the month
I already logged in
and AGR?
my lord and savior
what a delay
I already did that fucking thing
fuck this shitty company again
I hope you fuck off
fucking shitty company
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
NAME-M
Hi
Hello
good evening
sorry for the delay
I am having packet loss, only on the PRS-ORG
In no other game
ok
And how do I fix it ?
:(
Already solved.
thank you so much &lt;3
Just that, thank you very much, friend.
Good morning.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
My purchased PRS-ORG points did not fall
I have made the payment and it was debited
Plus it still hasn't dropped into the game
So?
Today
I am watching.
I put it to purchase the pass
No.
I always bought directly via the game store
And it always arrives at the same time
I can't wait 24hrs because the pass will leave
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
I have a problem with the PRS-ORG app.
It's been months since the app has been offline and it doesn't show the list of friends.
And with this I cannot play with my friends online
I have tried a few firewall steps.
I have watched several videos about the error.
but none worked for me
I'll try.
I will need to restart my pc to complete the steps.
If it works I thank you already
See you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Why is it that you are not able to level the teams to the same level as mine?
It seems like I only play with pros
It's discouraging this
Straight away that happens, it seems to be on purpose
Yes please
I'm not being able to play.
I play every day, I am a loyal player.
But it happens immediately, that's not normal.
Opponents with bugged plays, using flaws in the game
Making 2 to 3 touches on the ball and then scoring
High level players, and I am not
Not at all.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I am having a problem in PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the steering wheel
and if I remove the assistance during the race I can not turn the car with the steering wheel
It only drives straight on even if you turn to one of the sides
with the command the car turns perfectly already
I'm not sure if it may be confusing you because you have the two devices connected (command and steering wheel).
yes
be quick
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please provide your name?
Hello
NAME-M
I'm having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In PRS-ORG I played in PRS-ORG and still am in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I already disassociated my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG and logged into my PRS-ORG account, however with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID web app I started the game thinking it would be with my PRS-ORG account and kept playing, making dme, opening packs and gaining coins.
However, with the release of the PRS-ORG preview of ALPHANUMERICID, when I log on to PRS-ORG, I realised I was playing on PRS-ORG and no longer had access to that console.
I wanted some help with this
and all my progress from these days I am not able to access it.
PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you.
I have a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
I used to play in PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG and now I am in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already dissociated my PRS-ORG account with the one on PRS-ORG and logged into my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the web app for ALPHANUMERICID I started playing thinking it would be with my PRS-ORG account and I kept playing, making DME, opening packs and earning coins.
However, with the launch of the PRS-ORG preview of ALPHANUMERICID, when I logged in to PRS-ORG I realized that I was playing in PRS-ORG and no longer have access to this console.
I would like some help with this
in other words, all my progress during these days I am not having access to it
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Would you prefer in English or Portuguese?
I acquired PRS-ORG pro.
This is the 3rd consecutive year I play PRS-ORG.
The game does not start.
There seems to be an issue with the anti cheat of PRS-ORG
I have already installed the game again 3 times, I have already run it as an administrator
Nothing seems to fix it
Thank you
I have already tried to do a manual installation of anti cheat and the installation failed
Okay, I’ll wait for you then
Thank you for your time.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you tell me your name, please?
Hi NAME-M, good evening!
I was doing a purchase of the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and the game was coming out for 303 real in the ultimate version
I was trying to buy the PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG and the game was priced at 303 reais for the ultimate version
ai i tried again because it asked to wait for a while to buy again
and the price went up to 341
I would have even purchased it at this price, but I only have 305 reais combined with what I have in the PRS-ORG wallet and the rest in the PRS-ORG wallet.
Uh, I see... so you wouldn't be able to help me in this case?
then
is this right
I tried to buy it in several ways but it gave an error
ai I waited the time
and the price was not stable anymore
it was 40 reais more expensive
now I don't have the money to make the purchase
I subscribed to your program for 20 reals and I'm playing at 20 o'clock.
but it's running out
now I can't buy because the price went up kkk
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Good afternoon, NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on 25/09 from PRS-ORG, but when I went to play yesterday I had a problem with the PRS-ORG.
I was able to solve the problem but have been trying for almost 24 hours to open the PRS-ORG and it opens in a small black window and then closes.
How can I help you?
Do you know if there's anything I can do?
Do you have any forecast of when it will be ready?
I understand
thank you very much for the PRS-ORG support
I will be waiting for an update in the game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
Hello NAME-N, how are you?
I am NAME-M.
Exact! I was playing normally yesterday!
During one game the game froze and the game was closed ... since then I can not find opponents any more
I talked with some colleagues of mine and they said they were finding the opponents without problems
Okay, thank you so much!!!
No opponents were found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears
Oh yes, thank you very much!!!
That helped a lot, I just carried out the request
I will try to find an opponent
The same error appeared
No worries, if there is anything else I can do
Thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-N
To begin, may I ask for your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
I was trying to solve the problem PHONENUMBER
I just finished talking to NAME-M and even though I cleared the cache of the PRS-ORG, checked the internet, and restarted my computer, the problem persists
When I try to access PRS-ORG, the following message appears:
I'm sorry, but an error has occurred while connecting to PRS-ORG.
You will be redirected to the main PRS-ORG menu.
Just the one I mentioned above
And when I manage to enter the game, this message comes up when I move my roster:
There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
then i wanted to link to get the benefits of PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I know your name please?
NAME-M
I used to have a PRS-ORG linked account
however recently I have a different one
however I can't link it
since it says that there is already a linked one
however I have already unlinked it and it's been more than 6 months as they say
EMAIL
OK, I THINK IT IS NOW LINKED
however as I had already redeemed
how do I redeem again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you give me your name please?
Good day, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
Please see if, by kindness, you can help me.
I have an account that I have been using for more than 5 years and I have a lot of points and XP.
My girlfriend created that account to give me the PRS-ORG edition as a present.
I would like to know if it is possible to unify both accounts.
But is there the possibility of unifying both accounts?
So that I would only use one?
You have this account that I always use
And this account was created yesterday
It would only take unifying the account
If the PRS-ORG is sent to my account, that's okay.
Hey, NAME-M! Hope you are well. How can I help?
The progress of the PRS-ORG, do you mean?
I don't care.
All right let's start a new game
I see.
Thank you anyway
Have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Likewise
I rent a server in PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG for 29.50 every week, today I went to extend the rental and on the “order and pay” screen it stayed on “loading” and the game stopped working, not the PRS-ORG.
The value was charged from my account, but the server was not extended.
My server did not get renewed, it has already expired, can you help me please?
EMAIL
Thank you, I'm waiting
Hi sorry, I already talked to PRS-ORG and they told me to talk to you, besides that I am seeing that t servidores online
Paid*
Yes, some paid servers are online.
The PRS-ORG doesn't want to take responsibility since they say that you received the value of the purchase and confirmed the same.
Keeping in mind that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS WERE SUBMITTED CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
Good day, once again I am asking you to validate the account.
The deadline that you offered for return has already expired 2 days ago, and I am still waiting for you.
However, I have money to withdraw and I am not allowed to play games. I would appreciate a little attention and speed in resolving the case.
Sincerely,
REMINDING that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
I hope that it helps, because lately I have not had this from you, unfortunately.
I hope you will be different!
Thank you NAME-M.
However, the deadline has already passed and I would like your attention!
Everything was sent correctly and in due form.
I understand the security rules and agree with them, but I am being damaged in this matter.
Thank you, but I have already received that message from you this week.
I'm still waiting.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hi, good evening, everything is okay?
I'm trying to start the PRS-ORG game but it won't start on my computer, I get an error:
Check your connection, ir try again later
but it is connected
and my pc meets all the minimum requirements
EMAIL
it's the pc trial version linked to PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M.
NAME-M, I am doing well.
Thank you I have the PRS-ORG that gives access to the PRS-ORG library.
Okay?
I play through the PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how I can play PRS-ORG since I can't find it on the PRS-ORG catalog.
I access PRS-ORG games through the PRS-ORG website.
But, I can’t find ALPHANUMERICID there
A friend of mine told me that I can play the PRS-ORG because I have the PRS-ORG.
But, is this only for those who have the console or can I play through PRS-ORG, via the browser (PRS-ORG)?
Let me simplify: I am a subscriber of PRS-ORG.
Will I only be able to play PRS-ORG if I have a PRS-ORG console?
Or can I play through PRS-ORG, using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
Hi NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm speaking with PRS-ORG
He asked me to attach an image to the case but I think I ended up opening a new one
Oh, so the problem is already showing
Then I think that if I open a new one, it will cause confusion.
I'll finalize the chat here.
For now, no, thanks a lot.
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG n libera conquest
the PRS-ORG conquest does not free
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
For the love of god, free my achievement, I have been playing for 91 hours and the game is bugged
I am going to cry mister
even if I did the requirements
to with 91 hours of play
help me please
kkkk
hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
I would like to know if in the new update of PRS-ORG the problem of running only in safe mode has been solved
on PRS-ORG
no
was
in order to solve the issue I had to install PRS-ORG again
but I want to get back to PRS-ORG and for that I need to know if the problem was solved with the new update
but was it the right safe mode problem?
I am speaking because I am going to have to format the pc and I need you to confirm this for me
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Wagner
I spent a resource in PRS-ORG but I can't use it
I spent 20 Star Moments.
in one token
but it's not possible to trade
and the game does not inform anything regarding this
wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you!
I'm having trouble playing The PRS-ORG
I own the 64-bit Metal version for MacOS
The game works super well on the computer, even with graphics on the maximum definition
However, the game suddenly shuts down
Without presenting an error or something like that
It just closes
Look, that is really all the information I have.
During execution the game only closes without presenting anything afterwards.
The game works fine.
It only closes during game play
Sometimes it closes 10 minutes after I start to play, sometimes an hour later.
It's not a rule
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
That's it for today
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I ask you your name, please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
I am having trouble starting the game
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile the screen goes black and closes
Yes, I can log in
I meant the profile inside the game.
EMAIL
I will try this method
I will return if it fails!
But for now thank you very much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello, NAME-M
I have a problem connecting to the servers
I am having trouble connecting to PRS-ORG servers.
This is asking for me to reset the password and I have already done so
And it doesn't want to connect
No.
The problem is in the connection with PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG game
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I'm well, thank you, and you?
My pleasure.
Then, my PRS-ORG was updated normally on the 14th if I am not mistaken, when they released the babies in arms in the game.
Items for them appear there, but in CAS, this stage does not count.
The items for the same appear there, but in the CAS, this stage doesn't count.
That, the stage of life itself does not appear.
I tried reinstalling the game, but the stage on PRS-ORG still doesn't exist.
As attached in the image.
Okay!
Thank you for clarifying!
That was all, thank you!
Have a good afternoon.
Thanks, take care NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I get your name, please?
NAME-M
can you see my previous chats with other PRS-ORG counselors?
It helped a lot...
right
NAME-F I tried one where I had to install PRS-ORG
the other was to clean the cache
the other one was to clear the cache or to execute in administrator mode
Another had to do with background applications
NAME-F I have had this problem for 3/4 days
Hello?
You are full of shit, I lost because of this shitty server, be ashamed, greedy company is to buy a better server, fucking whore gang
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
I lost game because of the server shit, it takes a long time to execute the commands
son of a bitch
If you can't stand to see one swear word, you're in the wrong business
And take it in the ass
Go fuck yourself
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot??
I bought PRS-ORG today and when I went to play it obliges me to connect an account, create one or just log in an existing one
the issue is that I can't connect or create one
and I'd love to play.
NAME-M yes, good to know that it is human
Nice to meet you, NAME-M!!!
That
I can't connect the online
even if the game is old, is it possible?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I created the 90+ idol from there these days I went to look to open it on the console and it was not there
possibly only appears on the companion app
I restarted the console and everything's fine
I just checked here now and it's back up again.
it wasn't even after restarting, it appeared out of the blue now, I had already made a case about it
NAME-M I think they resolved it
NAME-M, thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please let me know your name?
NAME-M
I need to know if a fix for the PRS-ORG mode is already planned somehow.
It just stopped working for friendly games.
It presents an error, when one tries to play a friendly match, saying that the opponent abandoned the game.
This has been happening since 05/12
URL
On this link, it is possible to see the error.
Detail, this is a world level (since this video is not Brazilian), but it is the same error.
And it's happening on all platforms
In summary, yes.
PRS-ORG mode not working
No, that's all for now.
Thank you !
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I am well, yes, and you how are you doing?
Well, I still can't.
However I understand that I have to wait
I would like to know if in the meantime, you can't help me open it on Webapp
so at least I will already have something to do
Ah, yes
My question is
I can only access the Webapp after opening the game at least 1 time
how the game does not open due to an Anti Cheat error
Is it possible to enable it so that I can open the Webapp before the game fixes this issue?
No, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I have an account in PRS-ORG and I can't log in
That's right
Says the following: "Your login credentials are incorrect or expired.
It says the following: "Your login credentials are incorrect or expired. Try again or reset your password."
When I click on reset password, this message appears: "It was not possible to find your PRS-ORG Account."
But I am trying to log in through the PRS-ORG program
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Yesterday I bought the Star pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points, but so far it has not been released in my account, but my PRS-ORG points have been credited
I want to know what you're going to do about it
Why can’t I be cheated like this
But I don't want a refund of the PRS-ORG points
I just want the pass released
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Name-M
I am having a problem in the draft for a player, I played two matches and then I could not start the third.
The following error appears: There was a problem communicating with PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
I would like you to restart my draft manually if possible.
I have been with this error for 3 days already
Could you restart my draft manually if possible?
I think it's the only way to solve my problem
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
good evening friend
I have been early all day without playing
whenever I end a game I give an error
I already called here for support 2x and they didn't resolve my problem
the PRS-ORG servers are unable to process your request at this time
from that error on
every time the game ends it's like if I'm quitting the game and I lose 3x0
I wanted to play
kkk
more blz
you have to remove this soft ban thing at the token exchange event since the game ends with whoever scores the first goal
era so isso mesmo
thank you
send some tokens as reparation for the trouble
of that strength haha
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I am having problems, I got in touch earlier today to try and resolve, they gave me a few options and I couldn't resolve it
and the situation got worse
I need help.
I am not able to play the PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG
23
see the attachment
EMAIL
The first error
is the app from PRS-ORG
the application was not able to connect to the servers
NAME-M usually the PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is able to connect to servers
but when I try to play a game of any PRS-ORG mode it gets disconnected and goes out of the mode
Will NAME-M be open?
I have the chat on the PC I play with
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night,
I purchased a book on the PRS-ORG website and after starting the reading, I realized that the book is in PT-BR and not PT-PT, which was what I intended.
Unfortunately in your store there is no distinction made, but when reading it makes a big difference.
The book was "Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice" by NAME-F & NAME-F and I want the return or exchange of the book for Portuguese from Portugal.
I look forward to your contact.
Sincerely,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
By the way, is there any option to verify if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
Then the suggestion is left for your improvement!
Thank you for the help.
Good day
Hi.
I have a doubt about rollover.
What appears on the withdrawal tab and what they informed me in my e-mail is the casino rollover.
However I took the sports promotion and have only been betting on sports thus far
Can you see that?
Ah, right.
I am asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
If I really have made the rollover can I do it?
Thank you
I'm waiting for the email
Just that
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and I did not receive the PRS-ORG points
When I synchronised the PRS-ORG with my PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and there is nothing there
Transcript
In the other versions it came before
Sorry
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Thawan
Nice to meet you.
I don’t know if I’m on the correct channel but I have a question.
I've been playing PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today they launched the futweb app.
When trying to enter the futweb, it says that my account does not have a team in the PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG, but if my account does not have a team, how can I have played the PRS-ORG?
Why can't I access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that
Now everything is better explained
That's all for me, NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the information and help.
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
I am unable to log in to my PRS-ORG account even after I changed my password
EMAIL
I received it, and now?
And now?
**
The code is 535067
ok
Reset the password
Ok, I’ll do it now
gave the same error
It is now.
With the correct username.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-F.
Firstly, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I'm having trouble playing my game on my PC and haven't been able to solve the issue for almost a week now.
I would like a refund if I can't play the game
I bought the game and when I try to start, it says that my PC is cheating.
And since my pc is new
And I don't use that sort of thing
I would like a solution or my money back
As I understand, you are having trouble launching your game, is that correct?
I bought it but I can’t start my game
It's giving an error 117
I would like to know if I will be able to play or if not, if I can get a refund.
As I paid a lot for the game
But I don't have any game cache because I bought it and I can't start it
I have already tried that procedure
Moreover, how do I make it stop from happening?
Why I have already tried in many ways
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
I can't access my companion app because it asks for a verification with my email and the email doesn't arrive in my inbox
I have already looked in the spam box and nothing
I requested to resend it many times and it doesn’t come.
The option of verification by application is not working either
Even in the PRS-ORG account itself, through the website I can not access it
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Good afternoon.
I logged into my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends, but the game is not available to play.
It shows as if I have to buy again
But I already bought it in 2015
The value of R$ 199.00 appears
That's right.
Is there anything I can do besides waiting?
NAME-M, thanks for the help.
I will try to start it from the .exe file and wait for the problem to be resolved
That's it, there is no other one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good evening.
Hello, is everything okay?
My name is NAME-M.
No problem.
You're very welcome.
So a few years ago I got a gift of SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition in CD form.
The edition with the 2 CDs, currently I am trying to install the same in my new Notebook, but I can not do it because it is not compatible with PRS-ORG, through the CD it does not start.
I tried to add it to my PRS-ORG Games Library but I received an invalid code
I would like to recover it to at least get the installation of it through PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, as the CD is no longer compatible
Yes, I still have the original 2 Discs and the license code from the game
NAME-M
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
I can't buy anything in the transfer market in the Web App
A message appears:
An error occurred while trying to complete the search.
Try again in a few seconds.
No, only while trying to buy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, could you please give me your name?
hello
I'm having an issue with PRS-ORG
the game opens the PRS-ORG, it opens the PRS-ORG launcher
I click on Play
and nothing happens
Literally nothing.
I have already contacted you before and was instructed to follow some steps
I did everything, but still the same result
EMAIL
Thank you
Before, a dll error with the ALPHANUMERICID code used to show up
I downloaded the dll that I needed and put it in its place
ever since then there was no error
However, the game never starts either
if it doesn't solve, I will contact you again, thank you in advance
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
My promotion objectives from PRS-ORG have not been updated in the game
Because of that, I am being harmed in completing the whole track and getting the rewards
The promotion had its cards updated yesterday
The goals did not come out yesterday
Some friends have had their goals unlocked at 11:30 Br Time today
And mine has not been updated
With this, I am unable to complete the trail
Ok
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG alphanumeric
This is happening
Why don’t I have the goals available
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please indicate your name?
Hello!
My name is NAME-M, good evening
I need help please
I play PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
I cannot stay online for nothing.
The QR code appears asking to reset the password of the PRS-ORG account, even if I do that, it doesn't work.
Sure.
EMAIL
I would like to inform that I am unable to download any game from PRS-ORG.
It automatically pauses and gives an error.
No.
Via the PRS-ORG App and on PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
It pauses the download process and takes time to return
I would like to know what I should do to solve this problem.
I want to play the PRS-ORG games on my computer.
I have already done this process and it didn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening,
My name is NAME-F
Thank you :)
So I have 3 dlc cds to the PRS-ORG and the base game, it's quite old and was bought in the USA.
When I tried to install it a few months ago, it didn't work and said it needed an update, but I never found this update online.
I thought about searching for the game to buy online somewhere, but I noticed that PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore, is there any way to get it somehow?
In the computer I am in now, I don't have a CD reader so I can't start the installation to show print of what happens :(.
But if it is necessary, I can send a picture of the CDs
Wow, but it is such a sought-after game, so sad :(
Alright, thank you for the answer.
Have a good night :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
My game won't open
I followed the step by step guide that the guy sent me
But it doesn’t work
Do you want to access my PC by team viewer?
I can't take it anymore, I've already tried everything.
Almost requesting a refund, but I want to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
It opens up all black and closes
But my PRS-ORG does not freeze
Only the game that does not open
Would you like me to access via Team Viewer?
It might be something missing on the PC or that won't let it open
But I already did several things and it doesn’t solve anything
Hi.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
I am unable to buy the PRS-ORG
it's giving an error
I can not purchase PRS-ORG
Unable to process your action.
It was not possible to process your order at this time due to a problem with your indicated payment method.
Please use a different payment method to complete your order, or try again later
Hi there!
I can only pay by pix
Accessed*
Good afternoon, is the platform unstable?
I’m trying to use it and it doesn’t open any casino game, it stays on a black screen, I accessed another platform and it worked normally
I am trying to use the platform and not one game opens, it goes to a black screen, I access other platforms and they work normally
I have already cleaned data and cash and nothing has happened
I restarted my cell phone and it doesn't work
I have never had a problem operating the amulet.
Do you know of any instability in your system?
Just that
Thanks
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
As a start, could you please let me know your name?
NAME-M
Hello, now very bad, I pre-purchased from PRS-ORG, and just now I saw that it was in the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought on EMAIL
the one that I used on PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG was on EMAIL
I was already even using the web app
I was using it on PRS-ORG, but this time I bought it directly on PRS-ORG
that was linked to the PRS-ORG account
I am very sad
that's why it didn't show up
I use the (EMAIL) account as my main one since 2020
I am already using the web app PRS-ORG there and everything else
Also, how will the refund appear on the card?
Can you then cancel?
I don't know if I will have limit on playing at the launch if after refund
very sad.
only*
Just that. Thank you
Good afternoon.
Withdrawal
That is a lack of respect for the customer, I had asked for a 1000 reais withdrawal before the 200, but the 200 reais was deposited before the 1000.
I have been talking here since this morning and the money doesn't drop
Since the early hours, that's why I'm stopping playing here. PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay on time.
Sad
I like the site and the platform but, every time we win it takes an interminable amount of time.
Pix today is too fast
I am in a compromise waiting since this morning to solve it
Waiting for this deposit, which is mine, I lost sleep and invested my money
It is in English my friend
My God
I don't believe it
That's why I'm stopping
I'm going to receive it and I'm going to talk to the people on the channel about this
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you give me your name, please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help with returning a repeat purchase I made, it has already been charged to my card...
Could you help me with that?
Yes!
My email is EMAIL
Just a moment I'll get the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I'm not mistaken.
The verification number: 635822
I made two purchases and wanted to cancel only one if possible... because the game is already being downloaded.
Thank you very much!
This is what I wanted to solve.
Thank you in advance!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and have been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a 41% complete campaign, but my wife started playing another game, and not wanting to bother her, I decided to install the same game using the same account on the PC, but my save isn't appearing, even though I have the exact same user.
What am I doing wrong?
So even using the same account, I can't use my save?
Do I have to start completely from zero?
But we don’t have a cloud save?
NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope this will develop further, as it would be very useful for us gamers.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I am writing a text about my case
So, I have been playing PRS-ORG for a few years, however I never played online, I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and decided to play PRS-ORG, these days I was trying to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and I realized that I didn't have access and wasn't even aware of the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
I have access to the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
The account I am talking about is this one, I managed to access it with the PRS-ORG
However I'm afraid of losing it because I don't know the PRS-ORG account email
And for this reason as well, I'm not able to link the account to PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I have updated the app on my PRS-ORG but cannot log on to my PRS-ORG account.
Could you please help me?
EMAIL
I used to use the PRS-ORG with the Cultura bookstore
ok, well I'm going to try again, but it is saying that the password is invalid
now it seems that it has stopped.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening
my name is NAME-M
I have the ultimate version of Bf 2042, my reward from the 3.3 update is not in the game
more or less
my reward disappeared
no
is the reward for the 3.3 update.
March A
8 of March to be exact
thank you lady
Any news?
no
a good night to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I have a question I played on PRS-ORG but I am now considering acquiring the game for my PC
My question is
what about the 23
because I would like to know if I am obliged to xbuy 23 for PRS-ORG or if I should buy it for pc
I keep my things from PRS-ORG
okay thank you
I wait.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Is it possible to play with my PRS-ORG account in PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG?
That's not it.
I wish to use the PRS-ORG account that I have on PRS-ORG
on another device through PRS-ORG
ok but please answer the previous question
ok shitty clown
sorry
I was mistaken.
I don't need anything else, thank you
good afternoon
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
Hello, I just entered the chat.
So I got in touch with PRS-ORG and they told me to come back
NAME-M
Yes
If you would like to repeat the messages
Hello, I just got in contact.
So I went to PRS-ORG and they told me to come back
I just want to redo the request I made, which was cancelled without even trying to charge my nubank card
and that is why I am just trying here, because for some reason, right after I tried to buy again, the store charged me 166 real instead of 149... at the same time!
I want to keep the price and pay, either through pix, by card, as you prefer
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To get started, could you please give me your name?
NAME-F
How are you, ALPHANUMERICID?
I'm doing the new PRS-ORG update in the PC
However, she finishes, it appears that the update was completed and immediately after appears to update again
Before starting the chat, I have attached 03 prints from my screen, I do not know if you can view it
That's right
Even after performing, it requests again and the game won't open.
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled the game, however, without success.
All is well, I thank you for your help.
How do I clear that cache memory?
I am doing it already, one minute
It worked!!!
Thank you very much!!
I didn't know how to clear the cache of the app.
:NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please have your name?
I want a phone number to call and talk to someone
What they do in my account has no explanation
Game after game, playing against the handicap
and the PRS-ORG disgusting script
This is unacceptable, completely unacceptable
that number is working,
It says it's not available
They already gave me that number and it never works
Can you fix it?
is that it's absurd
It's disgusting to play this game at this point, it's just impossible
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I know your name please?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yes, look.
I reached the limit for creating clubs in PRS-ORG and I would like to know if you could give me more attempts to delete my club.
I spoke to a consultant before.
My account that I use to play is:
EMAIL
Thank you
That was the problem.
Thank you very much
I bought the "Paraíso" foundation books, downloaded the app, opened the book on Sunday, today I opened the app but it would not open the book content, so I updated the app and now it says my email was not found.
I request immediate rectification or the return of my payment.
Please get back to me via this email
EMAIL
Purchase on 07.03 and 4 Alicerce do Paraiso books
Thanks NAME-M, right back at you
I was talking with NAME-M and I dropped the phone
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I am from PRS-ORG and I can't get into PRS-ORG
Every time at this same time the servers for PRS-ORG go offline
End of PRS-ORG and the servers can't handle the users, you must urgently put one more server in Brazil
I am not able to log in to PRS-ORG
It says that the server is with a high volume of people
Unfortunate
As a consumer, I am frustrated and hesitant to play PRS-ORG.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hi, I was in the middle of a conversation with one of the support staff and I ended up losing touch
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to request a refund for the expansion of PRS-ORG
My email is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it because I needed the money to pay for other things
Hello?
Yes
I do have one.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My expansions that I bought are not working
Some unlocked items are gone
EMAIL
Target Detector
Unlocked weapon
This is indeed disappointing
PRS-ORG
Don't you have one?
The purchases made by the user?
Am I going to have to prove that I bought it?
If I already played
What images do I send
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I ask you to tell me your name please?
NAME-M
The Alphanumericid game save is not working
I followed the whole procedure sent by you yesterday and the error still remains
every time I open the game it is like the first time
yes but I also lose the configuration of the controller
the club’s choice
everything
even the progress
and it stopped at the end of December and I have been doing everything to fix this problem but with no success
I formatted my PC and installed it from scratch and it didn't solve the problem
I checked the forums and it appears to be a problem that is affecting many people
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide your name?
Hello, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password
EMAIL
I will see how much longer you can put it off.
May I know if your parents are dead?
Your mother is a bitch and she gave birth to something like you
you should go to ukraine to get the russian bomb, fuck your mother
bitch
I asked if her mother died and how she gave birth to something like you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you give me your name please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account the site error out and I can't.
how to solve this
Yes, every time I try the site gives an error and I can't access it
I click on the connect PRS-ORG account button and when I am redirected to the site it says that there was an error and they were not able to complete my request
is still there
NAME-N
that is the gamertag of the account that I want to access
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
good day
I am having problems
I bought the Aston Martin package (PRS-ORG)
and the product does not appear to use in the app
In game
September 15, 2022
when I enter the package as if I were acquiring it again it shows that this package is already yours
also I can not use it
ok
I'm going to try these tips
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hi, everything's good?
I would like some help regarding the dme of the PRS-ORG
I began to do the dme but it asks for cards that are out of packs and extinct in the market
I have already done 13 parts of the dme and now I cannot do the rest
I don't think it is fair to the players to keep such an expensive dme that is impossible to do
I would like to welcome the players back or receive the ones who are missing, in the case of capitaes of PRS-ORG
Team assembling challenge
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
Hi!
Hi! My name is NAME-M
The pleasure is mine!
So, my problem is that I'm not able to buy my PRS-ORG points
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the PRS-ORG wallet
but I press to buy within the game and simply the purchase doesn't happen
my money does not leave the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG points do not appear.
how can we resolve this?
No error message appears, it simply asks me to wait and nothing else happens
it only returns me to the store without any PRS-ORG points and with the money in the PRS-ORG wallet still
okay, thank you so much!
I will try and if it doesn't solve, I will return here again
No, just that.
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you indicate your name, please?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my account from the PRS-ORG mobile
Could it be reversed?
It is a little sad
Is that yours?
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Good morning
My name is NAME-M
I am having problems with starting PRS-ORG
My problem is that when I start the PRS-ORG, my screen freezes and I can’t do anything else
I have to restart my PC
and I try again and it's still the same, I have already uninstalled the game and installed it again and nothing...
When I enter the PRS-ORG App and try to start the game, my pc freezes
and I have to restart the pc with the button
No errors appear to me
only my screen freezes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hacked my account, they sold my players and coins
I just want my coins pf.
I've already changed the password and activated the two-step code, I just want the coins
Someone else has already helped me change the password and activate the two-step verification
I just want my coins
I just want my coins / money back
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name, please?
I can't play my solo Draft.
I have been getting an error every time I try it for days.
What's happening?
Several complaints from other users
Hello, nice to meet you, how may I assist you?
EMAIL
Yes
my name is NAME-M
So, I play PRS-ORG on the PC and the game won’t open anymore
The dps of the update this morning
The game stopped opening
Doesn't work in any way
I am being harmed in the totys event, PRS-ORG needs to take action regarding this
The game does not open, I've been trying to get into the game since 13h
As of midnight everything was alright, it was working normally
So, the fact that I can't get into the game to play, farm packs, etc... is impairing me in the event
and I am not the only one going through this, many people who play on PC are going through the same situation
Yes, before this anti-cheat problem I used to solve it only by reinstalling the anti-cheat
but from today on, it doesn't solve the problem anymore
I have tried everything and the game does not open
It still always gives the same error
all right, thank you very much
Good afternoon.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
I would like to report an error
Yesterday evening I was playing PRS-ORG and joined a PRS-ORG draft match
I won the game and it didn't count as a win
I would like to know if there is some type of compensation/refund that can be made
Okay, thank you
After that I played another game that I lost.
And also didn't count as a loss.
Therefore, I believe that this is a bug.
What do you mean?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please tell me your name?
yes i am obliged, I have a discount code for the game
which I won when I answered a survey
but I can't redeem that code
that gave me a R$29,00 discount
that survey was made inside the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and a survey appeared
I answered it all and at the end I got this code
when I was trying to complete the purchase it gave an error and I couldn't finalize
thus I am unable to use the code
Here is the code I won: ALPHANUMERICCODE
This is the order number that gave the error PHONENUMBER
they gave me this code last week
I made the order on the 19/01 and it gave an error
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M
I'm calling.
So today I was doing the PRS-ORG dme pp from dme of icon and ended up choosing a wrong letter by mistake.
I wanted to know if you would be able to help me.
A blanc 89 came and a kaka 89 was supposed to have been picked up, and I ended up picking up the blanc.
PRS-ORG player pick of icon
Correct
Putz… everything is okay.
Not just that msm
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Opa
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm having trouble connecting with my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG app on my PC, and when I finally log in, it doesn't load my games, I can't open the PRS-ORG
Thank you, I hope you're doing great as well!
Yes, I can't log in
ok ok, thank you very much and good job!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
My name is Indian Nojento
I can't stand this game anymore.
Where are you?
Answer, fuckhead.
How do you manage to be so incompetent that you can't type out a shitty script message in less than 5 minutes?
Is basic education in India so bad?
He is going to take a bath there in the Ganges, you bastard
Casino
Any answers please
I lost my real money I am playing with bonus but it only let me bet up to 25
Good evening, the bet limit is only 25 with the bonus and I can't increase it.
See the msg that I sent
I've been playing with the bonus, and you let me bet up to 25.
Why is that
And how much I have to bet to be able to withdraw.
Okay
Any response
You don't resolve anything
How much I still need to bet in order to withdraw.
Unlock my withdrawal.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
PRS-ORG Availability
It doesn't let me download the game because it says it's unavailable for purchase
Platform PRS-ORG
On the PRS-ORG plus
I'm trying to buy the game.
It is saying that I don't have an account in PRS-ORG, being q I do
It's saying it's not available
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide me with your name?
My name is NAME-M
Hello, I was in a match earlier, the match crashed and I can’t get into ultimate team after that
It appears there was an error and it will go back to the main menu
The image is in the attached file
Please save me hahahaha
Damn, is it possible to fix it?
How great is that! !
Do you think I'll be able to play again today ?
What's the forecast?
To go back
Would that be it, really?
Nice then
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please provide me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
oops
my granddaughter had gotten stuck
when I go to manage my account it asks for an email, when I go to look at that email it doesn't exist, I never put an email that starts with e
so I can't confirm the email and modify my account
that's more or less it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide me with your name?
I had already opened a call regarding the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the non-delivery of the material.
I've printed the pages you requested and I'd like to know where to send them.
I already placed TB in an attachment here...
I bought it at the shopping within PRS-ORG
As the image above shows, the debit from my PRS-ORG account
At the time of selling the game, it is easy to solve...
It's easy to solve problems when it's time to sell the game...
It's one game against another
How can I get in touch with you?
How can I contact the PRS-ORG support?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good day NAME-N
I'm 5 days without access to the game PRS-ORG
NAME-N stays in the screen (connecting to the service )
EMAIL
code ALPHANUMERICID
connection error with server
which
NAME-F is an internet technician and everything is normal here
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG, I uninstalled and reinstalled the game NAME-F the PC, and it didn't work
NAME-F tried this step by step.
if necessary, can delete my progress in the game, save to start again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I'm doing fine, yes.
Look, I am having a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an email that I no longer access
I can log in to the PRS-ORG site with this account.
But I would like to open an account in the companion app
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please indicate your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, how about you?
Thank you.
Therefore, my contact is because of a difficulty I am having.
I have two consoles where they share the same PRS-ORG account, but I would like to unlink one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console
PRS-ORG
After unlinking the PRS-ORG account in this console, will I be able to create a new account for it?
My gamertag on PRS-ORG is NAME-N
So then you no longer have any connection with PRS-ORG?
Thanks NAME-M, you've helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Good evening, NAME-M
I am unable to get on-line on my PRS-ORG 18 on PRS-ORG
The following message appears: “We are sorry, but at the moment, the PRS-ORG Servers are down.
We are trying to solve this problem.
Apologize, but at the moment the PRS-ORG Servers are not operational. We are working to solve the problem.
this has already been happening for many days
I mean, months
Impossible to believe that
It’s been months now.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
thank you , I am doing well yes , I connected my account on facebook and was not receiving the token in the game
and only 2 hours are missing to get this token
it was actually on youtube
I wrote wrong
actually I linked it via YouTube and did not receive the token
EMAIL
the game account is the same as YouTube
ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I bought PRS-ORG and I still can't play
After the opening screen, where it says "press any button" I press and it freezes
it freezes and won’t go
I keep trying to fix the game and try again but it won't go
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Good evening NAME-N
NAME-M, my name
I made the choice icon DME on 01/25 but I received a unique icon pack
On PRS-ORG I saw that some have already received the correct package and I would like information
My email is EMAIL
Can you confirm?
They will receive what?
The Player Pic?
What page can I follow on PRS-ORG?
There is nothing on the page
Just a lot of complaints for the same reason
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I'm doing well thank God and with you, NAME-N ?
My game won't start and an error message keeps showing up
I have already uninstalled and installed it 2 times.
And it persists.
Unknown error, an unexpected error has occurred.
Try again
This message appears on the login screen
Okay
Everything is alright
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you please give me your name?
Good day
I would like to try to recover an old account from PRS-ORG
of which I no longer have access to the email
I had the following email: EMAIL
However, a while back I changed that domain to EMAIL
And everything that was linked to it, began to not arrive at the new domain.
One replaced the other
The registered email address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I am having a problem to enter the game
I can even manage to connect on the PRS-ORG site, but I can't get into the game
It says my email is invalid
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please indicate your name?
Good day 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID closes all by itself in the middle of the games, I have deleted the game and reinstalled it but the problem continues .
I'm unable to play the PRS-ORG
I've already lost about 5 games in PRS-ORG with this issue
Nothing appears on the screen, the game just closes
Sometimes the game freezes and closes on its own, and sometimes it just closes on its own
I've already deleted the game and installed it again, I've also restarted my PRS-ORG, and you should be x of the factory because I thought it was the video game, but only the PRS-ORG is closing like this.
Especially but PRS-ORG matches, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hey
So, I want to know how I can unsubscribe to my packages
Then
But I can no longer have PRS-ORG
Only the PRS-ORG app
But the only thing I have is the PRS-ORG APP
I can’t access the book purchased on 1/21.
I have already created an account, but it is not possible to complete the process, the system does not accept the passwords I have entered.
I kindly ask for guidance for the cancellation since I could not manage to do it via the site either.
EMAIL
14/01/2021
The divine code of life
Please, the refund
Please
How to do it without the website?
I paid with credit card.
If I don't receive the email, how should I proceed?
Is there any email I can report to?
Ok, I am waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
They just hacked my account, I contacted you and I was robbed I lost my team my coins and the PRS-ORG even sent a message saying I am distributing coins they must be just playing with me
Not at all, since if I distribute coins I would block all the accounts that purchased from my account?
At least everything was listed last night
Could I know that?
Yes.
Coins
Players
I played 1 rivals match next to 19:00
Ok
Tomorrow I'll get in contact.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please provide your name?
good morning
NAME-N my name
I requested a refund of PRS-ORG on day 02 but it was not updated nor did it arrive an email confirming it to me
nothing like that
this is request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any response ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me your name?
NAME-M
my  PRS-ORG App isn’t updating at the speed that the internet provides
it is much lower than normal
in this case the problem is to update the game through the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, may I have your name please?
I can't receive my PRS-ORG prime gamer pack
My name is NAME-M
About the ultimete tem of primegamer package
Every month one is available for connected accounts
This month I did not receive
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND #PRS_ORG# DOES NOT ALLOW ME TO ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
The Neuroscience of Happiness
I NEVER BOUGHT IT, IT WAS MY FIRST E-BOOK
MY FIRST
PURCHASE
Zip Code?
WHAT POSTAL CODE?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Zip code #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
WHICH APPLIANCE IS IN WHICH REGION?
#PRS_ORG#
I'M NOT SURE ABOUT THE EMAIL.
Which I used in the #PRS_ORG# account..
I was able to access the #PRS_ORG# account
but in the right corner, after clicking login I didn’t find the #PRS_ORG# link
I can't find the book I bought
Hi #NAME#!
I was talking with your colleague
Hi #NAME#,
around January 05
that was the only purchase, I made it from #PRS_ORG#.
A message appears that the book has been integrated with #PRS_ORG#
then I went to access that app and it has nothing there
you who knows.
A person said they were going to send a book to my account and it was up to me to tell them which book
ok
how do I do it
I bought the e-book #PRS_ORG# in the #PRS_ORG# website, which recognized the payment on 12/28/20, but it wasn’t made available in my #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
The purchase was made on December 28.
Before that, the last book I bought was The Reactionary of #NAME#
I purchased the e-book #PRS_ORG# on the website of #PRS_ORG# on December 28th, 2020, and the payment was recognized on that same day, but the book was not added to my library.
Sure.
#PRS_ORG#
Correct.
On my reader or my computer, I didn't understand the question.
Yes, wait a moment.
ok, I am already sending an attachment.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check.
Ok!
I received it, thank you very much.
No, everything's okay.
Yes, I will.
I can't open my book.
I am not able to open my book.
Jesus is the inspiration for the luminous relations.
It is in the ebook, but when he clicks on it, it does not open and it keeps giving an error.
That.
It keeps running, then it closes and behind it there is an orange.
No.
#PRS_ORG#
No.
I don't have.
Sorry, it's another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I can't see it anymore
What now?
It doesn't appear.
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I did.
Yes
It's downloading
Now it is done, thank you
Thank you for solving the problem
Good day, I am constantly having problems accessing my account in #PRS_ORG#!
I enter the username and password correctly but the following message appears: "We did not find an account with this email address or password.
Check that you typed it correctly."
ok
#EMAIL#
I think it was the book #PRS_ORG#
Okay.
ok, waiting
In the #PRS_ORG# software, installed on my desktop(notebook), I enter my login and password and the following message appears: "We didn't find an account with this email address or password.
Check whether you have typed the details correctly."
The login and the password I used to access the account once before!
And then, which procedure should we adopt to correct the problem?
Yesterday night I accessed directly via #PRS_ORG# and was able to access, but today I tried to access and I can not!
I accessed via #PRS_ORG# yesterday and today I couldn't access it!
What's going on?
one moment I'm going to try
ok, I did it
Thank you so much, I'm here with you.
No worries, all is well!
Thank you.
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
DEAR SIRS.
SRS.,
I NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS IN BUYING ANY BOOK.
BUT NOW I CHANGED THE CARD TO THE VISA PREPAID-E AND I MADE A MISTAKE.
WHAT COULD BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...FROM #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE: " OPS, AN ERROR OCCURRED!
REVIEW YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
MY INFORMATION IS CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE IN #PRS_ORG# AND IT WORKED
YES IT'S ACTIVE AND HAS A BALANCE
I am in #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I opened the anonymous window and it is still the same.
SAYS THERE WAS AN ERROR.
OK
Hello, I bought five books on #PRS_ORG#, but three of them do not appear on my account.
They've tried to help me already but because it wasn't possible they asked me to reach out to you.
Hello, I bought five books at #PRS_ORG#, but three of them do not appear in my account. They have tried to help me, but were unable to. They suggested I contact you.
I made the purchase on January 20.
But from #PRS_ORG#
It was not done directly through the #PRS_ORG# application
I am doing it
They still do not appear.
I left
And now?
Hello
I am there.
Are you still there?
I entered my Cultura account
The missing books didn't show up
#PRS_ORG#
ok
It didn't work
Yes
Even the staff from the bookstore accessed my account and tried to make a manual inclusion of the books, but it was still not possible
Okay
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER# order #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE MYSTERY OF #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
These are the ones that didn't come in
Success!
They are now appearing here
They are showing up now.
Thank you very much.
Hello
I don't need anything else. Thank you
Hello, good afternoon.
The computer is no longer recognising my #PRS_ORG#.
We've already tested it on three different computers, with different cables too.
What can it be?
Thanks.
Hello, good evening.
I don't remember...
Can you help me without this date even?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Ah, I didn't understand.
It started about a month ago more or less.
Mine is #PRS_ORG#
Imagine that.
Yes it is, it's also charging normally when I connect it to the cable.
That
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I didn't understand.
Is it for me to keep trying with the cable?
I have even redone the reset and it still wasn't fixed
Is there any assistance that I can go to?
But is it common for this to happen?
Why? Because I've tried with all of the cables here at home and nothing has worked
I have also reset it, and nothing.
Is there a phone I can call?
Or some technical assistance?
Just online?
But these instructions did not work... I would like someone to see my e-reader.
I'll continue trying, but I don't think it will start working "out of nowhere"
Ok.
Thanks then.
I will see what I can do and get back in touch...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
We're sorry, but we can't display this page at the moment.
Please try again later.
Error in the internal server.
Internal Server Error
Ups!
Problem occurred and, at this moment, it is not possible to load this page.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
attempt at first purchase yesterday and today
on the #PRS_ORG# app for android 9, on #PRS_ORG# for android 9
I also tried in chrome on #PRS_ORG#
no
Transaction in progress...
stays a long time on this message
and then the error comes up
yes
it is taking too much time.
I bought a card of 10 €
I scraped the card's pin
ok, I already edited it
I will try to buy it.
ok it worked
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
already done the checkout.
Thank you.
goodbye
it's me.
Good afternoon.
I was talking to another attendant and then disconnected the chat
I was talking with another assistant and disconnected the chat
I bought the book "coisas de Gabriel " at the bookstore #PRS_ORG# on 01/14
But it doesn't appear here in the #PRS_ORG#
Ok.
I'm waiting
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you
I'm finding it strange because I bought 2 books in the same order.
One was an ebook and one was physical.
And they only sent me the invoice for the physical book, along with the physical book.
I went to the Cultura site and the e-book is there in the order
And the option to get the NF does not appear on the Cultura website
the truth  I used a gift card  and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
This is the email I received from them
I'll contact them tomorrow then
Thank you!
That was all.
Have a great day too.
Hello!
I need help getting started with reading on the #PRS_ORG# reader.
I have already synced, already bought the first book (approved card) and I still cannot open the book.
#EMAIL#
Today, a few minutes ago
One moment
#NAME#
I can see the book yes but when I click on it, a message appears asking me to synchronize.
I already did it many times.
"Apparently synchronized ok"
So you ask to contact support
How's it going?
Okay.
Done.
Now I restart
I need help with a purchased ebook that doesn't appear in my account
good evening
I bought an e-book yesterday through the website of #PRS_ORG#
Good afternoon,
settlement of #NAME#
The providers... I bought an ebook yesterday from the #PRS_ORG# website.
on my e-reader or my mobile phone
I have my account open on my smartphone but still synchronizing and it is not showing up
I am going to open my e-reader
I am repairing it.
Right.
the book appeared
thank you
it was just that
good evening
Good afternoon,
I have tried to order 2 ebooks but when I move on to process the payment (after inserting the card number) it stays in processing and does not progress..
Good evening,
I haven't made a purchase yet
I'm trying to make a purchase but when I proceed to process payment (after inserting my card number) it stays in processing and doesn't move forward..
Website and application
I have already tried it in both.
It does not have any special characters
I just try to process the payment and the page doesn't advance... It stays in processing.
Yes.. the same thing happens
Yes
I am doing it right now.
One minute please.
At this moment try to create a new account with new e-mail
And it went to the "review" step
but when I press the "conclude purchase" button, nothing happens
yes
I was able to get past this stage.
He/She has already accepted the payment method but did not complete the purchase
There is no error message
When I press the "complete purchase" button, nothing happens
Yes
I do not have #PRS_ORG#
but the website already accepted the payment
just does not progress to the last step
I managed it.
I bought ebooks and now they won't open
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, but it was on #NUMBER#.
They are the cornerstone of paradise and the new times.
Not when I try to open it goes back to the main menu
Smartphone
I believe so
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Okay
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I’ve already done this procedure several times
I haven't been able to finish buying books on the site of #PRS_ORG# since February 3.
When I click on "Complete Purchase", the following error message appears: "Ops, something went wrong!
Please check your payment information and try again.
I have tried several times, but it was in vain.
Since February 3rd I haven't been able to complete the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# website. When I click on complete the purchase, the following message appears: Ops, there was an error! Review the payment information and try again. I've already tried several times, but to no avail.
The last book I bought was on 2nd February, Seasons of Callan Read
Thank you.
Ok.
I just wanted to apologize, the correct name of the book I stated above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I buy through the #PRS_ORG# webpage.
I already started my session
I am sorry but I don't know how to exit in the Incognito mode...
ok, I have already been able to open an anonymous window, thank you
So, do I now click on log out?
Ok, I will try then
I still can't finish the purchase...
Oops, an error occurred!
Please review your payment information and try again.
ok
I'm still unable to...
Okay
Okay.
I am still waiting for the page to load
It is still not working...
Ok.
It does not work either
I usually use the #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you very much for your help.
I will await then
Thank you and likewise!
Good afternoon,
I purchased an ebook through the wrong account and I was wondering if I could transfer it to the correct account, or receive a refund for the price of the book.
Thank you,
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (I did login via #PRS_ORG#), the correct account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted was to transfer the ebook to the #EMAIL# email because that is the one I use and the one associated to my ereader
Okay
So what do I have to do?
An error occurred when processing your request
request
On the site, through my computer
It says that you have not found any account with this email
I tried using my email associated with #PRS_ORG# account and the email that #PRS_ORG# created for me
We are unable to merge your two accounts, as they are both with the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Response
I already did that.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you
Done!
Thank you very much
Problem continues
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
It should be older than 5 months.
It should have been more than 5 months ago.
I don't remember...
The problem continues.
I can't remember...
In Italian?
Is it serious?
The ta...s better
Haha.
I can not open my book by #PRS_ORG#, base of Paradise volume 2
I have already been served by this channel, but unfortunately, the orientation was not effective.
I was advised as follows:
1
On the main screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap on the three horizontal bars at the top left.
2 Na lista, toque em "Atualização automática" e ative a opção.
Tap Help and feedback at the bottom of the menu.
3
Tap Repair Your Account.
4.
Tap on Repair.
I did that but it didn't work...it was just one book before.
Now I can't open any books.
Yes
The Foundation of Paradise volume 2
After I get out of the #PRS_ORG#, that home screen you are referring to is the browser of my mobile phone, right?
PRS_ORG#
This
Okay
Okay.
I will do it
Good day,
I can’t get access to a book I bought some time ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
Good morning,
GTD Getting Things Done
I did #PRS_ORG# do well
I couldn't access.
I see the book and see that it has 34% reading but I can not open it
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I am in a PC.
This option doesn't show up for me
I have no repair to offer.
so I can deactivate it
It is resolved
Thank you.
That’s all.
thank you.
Hello,
I am trying to download my purchased luvros from my account #PRS_ORG# to transfer to my #PRS_ORG# device.
I followed the step by step process from the site, but I can’t export the book to the EPUB version that would let me transfer it to my #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do it?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
Of course!
I'll check
the title was
When it’s decision time
bought it through my smartphone
I already know how to do this
the file appears on my computer but I can't install it on the #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
I am
I have not received any error message
The format of the file is not accepted by the #PRS_ORG#.
but it should, according to what it says on the #PRS_ORG# website
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device
from another brand
can I open it on the #PRS_ORG#
what it says on the #PRS_ORG# website is that from the #PRS_ORG# I can convert to EPUB format
do you know if there is another way to do this?
having
thank you
I purchased a book and it is not available to me.
not in "my books" under my login
#EMAIL#
09/02/21
yellow dog
from #NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
they are the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem
the transfer has been confirmed by them
The same
I am taking care of it, please wait
I tried to send it in .
doc but it’s not accepted.
How can I send it to you?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
is this any use?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I'm accessing
wait
while I'm at it, I tried to download a free book "razão para matar" and had to go through the entire buying process.
it is also not available
I made yesterday on yesterday
the problem happens again
It says I have it but it's not available.
It worked.
forgot to synchronize
Thank you.
can we close the chat
Ok.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
how much time for delivery??
#EMAIL#
that is what you think
is it possible to cancel
How??
thank you
the delivery will take a long time
is it possible to make it faster?
I need it urgently.
Is it possible to cancel?
I understand.
I can cancel.
thank you.
Thank you, I don't need to do anything else
thank you
I can't see a title that I bought in the #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
the challenging sale
okay
The challenging sale
desktop
I'll do it
Showed up
Thank you so much! !
Just this
thank you very much.
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and when reading a book I tried using the dictionary function and it tells me that there is no definition found.
I have tried it on 3 books in Portuguese and one book in English.
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries and it still isn't working
#EMAIL#
Make the trapped dragonfly unusual in the amber bought today 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes
There we are.
Please sync.
Do I synchronize?
Only in the device
Ok it asked for an update
Should I update it now?
I have already updated.
It is now working
Thank you very much
I bought an ebook, but it is not in my list of ebooks
my email is #NAME#
Until now, I don't have it
I can already see...
In #PRS_ORG#'s computer
I don't know about mobile devices.
I'm sorry, but it's the first time I buy an ebook
Ebook
Ok
It's okay
Ready
Yes, I've already entered it.
I went to my books
And it appears
I clicked on the same one
I clicked twice on the cover and got a page with the synopsis, what now?
On the computer it's not working right, I'll try it on my cell phone, sorry for the inconvenience.
I'll try and if I don't manage to do it, I'll disturb you again, thanks for now
Likewise!!
Good morning, is it possible to buy newspapers at the #PRS_ORG# store?
Hello #NAME#, is it possible to read my subscription to #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
I haven’t bought a book yet
I wanted to use my subscription of #PRS_ORG#
No harm done
Could you answer my question?
Sorry did you read my question?
I wasn't talking about books
I saw that #PRS_ORG# has a News and Mags section but I don't know how to access this section
Thank you.
Yes, could you pass on the feedback because in this case I specifically bought it for that purpose.
Good afternoon,
I can't set up my #PRS_ORG#.
I tried several times and did not get out of the initial message
Good evening,
#NAME#
Hello
thank you
#PRS_ORG#
no, what happens is that the screen doesn't leave this message (attached), despite the pc application saying that the synchronization is finished
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I can't connect #PRS_ORG# to WIFI either
No, it was offered to me by a person who no longer wanted it
Sure, you're welcome.
Yes, I have already downloaded the #PRS_ORG# desktop app.
done
nothing happened, it stayed on the screen that I sent the photo of.
what does it say "download the #PRS_ORG# desktop"
Yes
done
I'll try with another cable.
It worked!
That was the problem
No, thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon
I'm in contact again.
I bought an e-book yesterday and I cannot access it
#EMAIL#
16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent copy of the invoice
I need a response
I don't want a refund
I want the book
What is that?
I'm trying in the #PRS_ORG#
Excuse my ignorance
By telephone
They say it doesn't exist
Look, I'm tired of this push and pull, I call them, they say to talk to you, I tell them here, they say it's over there
First and last purchase
I want a solution
I don't want a refund
Hello, I want to buy the ebook but I am not able to log in #PRS_ORG# with the same password of #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do that?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must be more than a year already
hello
one moment
I am checking
Watch The Coming of the Third Reich
Okay.
so
well, when choosing #PRS_ORG#, it doesn't accept the same password as #PRS_ORG#
do you understand?
I cannot contact them.
I am unable to contact them, they don't answer the phone
I didn't find a chat like this.
difficult
yes
ok
Better this way.
Am I waiting for an email then?
great, thank you
Thank you.
Good evening, I have lost access to the book I was reading (bought from #PRS_ORG#).
I think it might have happened when I was using my PC to make a call.
I was only 10% into the book.
How can I solve it?
I think that it is the #EMAIL#
If it is not that, it could be the #EMAIL#
Thank you.
At the #PRS_ORG#, I had access to the book and now, when I click on it, it says that it is not possible to access.
thank you, I am trying it now
I'm restarting it.
It's already fixed!
If I want to share a book with my mom (as I would with a physical book), could I do it?
Yes, I know, I was asking as a comparison
that is, I would like my mother to be able to read a book that I bought on #PRS_ORG# is there any way?
or should I lend her my personal #PRS_ORG#?
In other words, is it possible to use my account in 2 #PRS_ORG# simultaneously?
Perfect, thank you so much :)
Likewise!
Thank you for your help!
I purchased the ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR, on the 22/02/#NUMBER#, and until now it didn't show up on #PRS_ORG#, so I can read it.
I bought the ebook: UNLOCKING OUR HOME, on the 22nd of February #NUMBER# , but so far it hasn't appeared on #PRS_ORG# so I can read it.
I spoke to them on the phone they stated that it is you guys who have to solve the problem.
#EMAIL#
Date of the last purchase is day 22/02/#NUMBER#.
Title of the ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR.
I'll find it in my email now, it's just a moment.
How do I send it to you?
Just her number will do?
It is in PDF format.
I will try the capture screen.
but send me the email.
Okay.
I will send it, it's just a moment.
I sent the invoice by email.
It's in PDF.
Okay.
I am grateful for your attention!
Ok.
Correct.
I will do it now in the #PRS_ORG# app on my mobile.
Now it has appeared.
Thank you!
Will there be the same problem when I make my next purchase?
Good evening, and thank you very much!!
Now I'm back.
Since the connection went down, I don’t know if you are online
hello #NAME#, I am returning.
My email is #EMAIL#
I entered this email in the #PRS_ORG# and only the book Dom Casmurro appeared.
How can I access the other ones in #PRS_ORG#?
I prefer your suggestion, because #EMAIL# is the email to access #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
But where do I find the e-books to synchronize?
Great!
Thanks
I synced but no book was added to My Books yet
yes, it is
Hallelujah!!!
It worked.
Thank you very much #NAME#.
Thank you.
Everything is in order.
Good health and good luck!
Hugs.
Questions about purchasing a book and invoicing
#EMAIL#
I haven't used it yet
asking a purchase question with you can read on different devices?
can you read with the computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
and the invoicing can be done with the data of my company?
ok
I will then check the account
where do I put the company data and NIF?
I give you the data of the company in order to obtain the invoice'
not finding it
only account
By the way, accounts.
I can't see my account
I can’t see the e-book “IFRS, CREATIVE ACCOUNTING AND FRAUD” by author #NAME#, which I paid for via bank transfer on February 18th, 2021.
#EMAIL#
IFRS, creative accounting and fraud
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I do have it
I am
I have already repaired it.
Great, it's already on my account.
Thank you very much
Service rating 10 out of 10
It's just that, thanks a lot 😁
Also, I will indeed evaluate you based on the great service
I did not receive the Ebook that I bought.
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#, registered and I can't access it.
#EMAIL#
Ebook: UNRAVELING OUR HOME, bought on 22/02/#NUMBER#
It was in this email here that I made the purchase and my registration on #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
No.
I'm waiting with the email open.
I sent the email with the code that you sent me.
I tried to link it but it didn't work.
I followed these steps, but it didn't work.
I want to know exactly what the problem is.
In the option when I click on #PRS_ORG#, there's no option to link this account.
I will try.
Hello, are #NAME#'s plans for gyms?
Hi, are the #PRS_ORG# plans for gyms?
not for corporations, but for individual plans that a physical person can contract to attend gyms
How do these different plans work?
#NAME#
Thank you for letting me know the prices!
And I am looking for a plan that allows me to attend physical gyms for 24h, amc, and not online classes, for example.
hello, I'm here.
thank you for the information
good week
Good morning.
Yesterday I arranged an appointment for a class but the attempt was frustrated.
Upon arriving at the studio it was locked.
I would like to have my credits back and not to be charged any extra fee.
Thank you
Correct!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After not reading through the app for some time, I got in and my ebooks disappeared.
They were #NAME#'s books.
My other question is whether I can download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No merit, #NAME#
Hi, I'll be glad to assist you today
Yes.
There are none there
I had it but I deleted the account.
Now it's just this one
#EMAIL#.
I had to change the account with you guys but it worked fine.
I would like to have it transferred to the #PRS_ORG# account, please, and can you cancel the other one?
It was various by #NAME#
Well, if you need me to give you a few titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, not merit, marketing and archetype
Okay, just one second
It has #NAME#
I'll see.
my daughter has account #PRS_ORG# and is not managing to purchase a book
My daughter (who is the problem right now) has account #PRS_ORG# and can't acquire a book
or I can purchase on my account and allow my daughter to read it
Hello #NAME#
my daughter has account #PRS_ORG# and is having trouble acquiring a book
or I can acquire in my account and allow my daughter to read?
Yes?
From a water clock
water
11.99
We've tried to buy through her #PRS_ORG# Reader and from my PC.
we couldn't do it either
Until now I suppose it didn't debit my card.
But also I can't be certain right now, as sometimes it takes a while for the banking system to synchronize the operations
No.
It hasn't expired
Or I can purchase in my account and allow my daughter to read it?
The fact is that I also have an account #PRS_ORG# through which I bought 2 readers
Ah!
Does that mean I can always buy books from my account and share with my daughters, or can I only share one time?
I did not notice.
yes
So confirm then ff if the purchase was made or not, so I can try it another way,
OK?
thank you
No.
that's all.
Thank you and good afternoon
I have made a reservation of a English ebook it was #URL# my credit card, but it does not appear in my #PRS_ORG# to download.
What can I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author...ebook in English
No, I didn't buy it from #PRS_ORG#.
I purchased directly from #PRS_ORG# credit card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
No, I did not.
#EMAIL#
But I don't use that
I will check and let you know.
I need some other information
How do I buy ebooks in English?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you
Maybe a.co
This is why the purchase didn't work out.. language
All right.
Thank you #NAME# for your attention.
I noticed a debit, then I saw it was for an older one
No thank you.
I'm talking to #PRS_ORG# where I bought it.
It has purchase number.
😊
Problem with file
#EMAIL#
February 5
Thank you, #NAME#
I bought the ebook "Learn to live in the now" today by #NAME#
When I try to open it it gives an error, saying that it's not possible to open the document
I have synchronized the eReader 3 times and it still presents the same error
on the eReader of #PRS_ORG#
Okay
I am restoring at this moment
I am following the updating bar of the restoration
I'll let you know once it's updated, OK?
Hello
It is in the process of updating.
I have tried it now
And it did not open
It still shows the same error
The following notification appears: "Opa!
"Sorry, this document could not be opened."
OK
Just a moment
One moment
The books are downloading again
One moment
It worked
Thank you very much!
Nice work :)
No.
You have already helped
Thank you.
I have been in chat with #NAME#, did everything they said and can’t complete a purchase because you say an error has occurred
#EMAIL#
Several, Terra Alta
I already spoke with your colleague #NAME# and did what he said to do and the problem still persists.
What information did you delete?
They are cheating me.
I already did that
Read what it says sff
I can't checkout the purchase
I don’t know what your colleague did or didn’t do
I cannot finalize purchases on #PRS_ORG#
Do you want to deal with it or not?
I have already added the information
But here it seems that we are not dealing with standards, but with customizing the problem and finding a solution.
I only have one credit card
I always used the same one without problems
Then the same thing happens, I have to get another agent and it starts all over again
How do you expect me to feel if you're not doing anything?
There are no information missing, they are all there
I will go through the steps again.
Hi I can not access my Ebook that I acquired in #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
February 12th /02 LETTERS OF A STOIC, VOLUME I
That same email, I use in #PRS_ORG#...and in the #PRS_ORG# account.
I only purchased this one, and I'm unable to access it through the #PRS_ORG# account.
I added to #PRS_ORG# another ebook .. ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I'm going to check it.
I am going to send you an image.
Visitor uploaded: sem-titulo.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found it in my email
I will send it to you
only 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox-1080-email#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
sorry
I'm going to send you.
complete
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check.
yes
was added
that is all
thank you very much
for the attention
Thank you so much.
good day
I need help to retrieve and transfer the books: education against barbarism, the #PRS_ORG# circuit, from the account #EMAIL# to mine.
account of #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
I managed to recover one book with the help of #NAME# but two books are still missing
yes
because I can't try to do it in the #PRS_ORG# account
Education against barbarism and the circuit of affects.
I can't
Please can you do the transfer to me.
didn’t arrive
I am trying to see on the #PRS_ORG# mobile
thank you it worked I managed to recover the books.
not only the three I purchased and those that I already had in my #PRS_ORG# account.
yes thank you
Good afternoon!
God bless your day.
I bought the ebook Mudança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação.
I bought the ebook "Mindset Shift - a new way of thinking about education" at Cultura but can't open it at #PRS_ORG#.
According to the bookstore, the ebook is faulty and I should seek support from you.
# EMAIL#
15/01/#NUMBER#
The book is: Mudança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação.
No, only this email
I also previewed it
but I made a purchase at #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
This is the email with the confirmation of purchase
but, I can access the invoice yes
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I have not yet received the note PDF or XML from the Bookstore
but, accessing my account in #PRS_ORG#, that message appears, which says that the purchase has already been fulfilled.
I also received the following message from Cultura:
How are you doing?
Thank you for the new opportunity;
I will be paying attention to your email, about the order #PHONENUMBER#, we talked with #PRS_ORG# and it was detected that the ebook has a flaw.
They asked you to contact the #PRS_ORG# support directly, via CHAT.
the book appears in the library
now
I will make a read of ... o
thank you
likewise
Good afternoon!
I am trying to play an audiobook but it only plays 4 minutes.
#EMAIL#
The duke and I
Yes, this is the audiobook I'm having problems with.
Smartphone
Just did it.
The problem was resolved.
Thank you so much!
No.
Thank you so much for your help.
Good evening to you.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening, yesterday I received my #PRS_ORG# and neither the dictionary nor the translator work.
I would like you to help me. Thank you.
#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Hi yesterday I received my #PRS_ORG# and it doesn't work with neither the dictionary nor the translator.
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, I've already done everything
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
URL: #URL#
Translate the Brazilian Portuguese source text to English, given the context.
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And, when I try to use it, this is what pops up.
I would like your help, thank you
Yes
I bought it today.
Yes.
It's okay
It's okay.
It already works, thank you. Regards.
I need help finding my book that I just bought
#EMAIL#
the girl on the train
please
my receipt of account #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
Homo sapiens
Where?
So I tried the synchronize button
because this is what the site said
and nothing was entered
how do you do this?
Done
okay
synchronized and it did not work
ok
yes
nothing
yes
How do I do it?
yes
you're welcome
appeared
it's downloading
thank you very much for your help
Yes all good
not very thanks
I would like to know the values of the subscription plans
Is everything alright?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works - values and if I can use it in strength training classes
is it in Euros?
Not in real?
Can you see how many credits you use for #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thank you!
I found it a bit expensive for those who go 3 times per week...
Good evening.
I would like to inform you that they have charged the monthly fee again without me being able to confirm my return to the gym.
I haven't gone out for safety reasons mainly because we are in the red phase.
I would like to ask for a refund, please.
I canceled my plan but they still charged me.
Please, I await the return.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer.
I do not have a place to use all the credits that I have
I wish to receive a refund
Yes.
Thank you.
I will observe if the refund was made in these days.
Can't I pass on my credits to someone else?
I understand.
Thank you
I would like to know the costs of each of the individual packages for physical persons.
good day
I need to know the values and I can't find them on the site.
Can you help me?
I want to know about the packages, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits, for example.
Improper charge
Hello
How are you?
Hello!
There was a payment from your company on my credit card.
But not a customer any more
CPF #PHONENUMBER#
phone number #PHONENUMBER#
I do not remember.
perhaps it was the #PRS_ORG#
or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
OK, can't find anything using the CPF?
card finance number #NUMBER# mastercard
I don't have.
can I cancel the payment with the bank then?
I already sent you my CPF, unfortunately I don't have any other email addresses
perhaps you lost my contact details
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what do I do then?
there's an #PRS_ORG# charge on my credit card
I want your company to send me an email saying that I am not linked to you and that the amount is not correct
#EMAIL#
I am at work, I can't spend a lot of time here
it's okay
Thank you!
#NAME#
I had an incorrect charge on my account.
#NAME#
I don’t have all this information on hand.
I don’t remember the day I canceled.
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
#PHONENUMBER#
4/21
I just don't remember the date I cancelled.
08/10/#NUMBER#
Hello, good evening!
how are you?
Hello #NAME#, how are you?
I would like to reactivate my subscription, if there are 14 free days.
and also to a lower value/plan
because when I click to reactive it
the value automatically completed is #NUMBER# - with 30 credits..and I want of 99 with up to 15 credits
can you help me?
here is a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
could you check if I can get the benefit of the 10 credit (14 day free)?
I want to test a studio and I want to be sure that I can cancel my plan, if I do not like the studio.
I can’t find the Pilates studio I attend to schedule the class.
#PRS_ORG#
that is where I took my last class
I'll try again.
I haven't booked anything for #NUMBER#.
Is there any reservation for today?
when I search for the term "#PRS_ORG#", there are two options:
1
#PRS_ORG#
2 When I search for the term #PRS_ORG#, two options appear:
#PRS_ORG#
when I choose option 1, it opens the page #URL#
and when I choose the option 2 (the one I need to schedule the class), it opens the page #URL#
so they're not atttending #PRS_ORG#
Is there any connection with the pandemic?
right?
Hello, I have a plan of 15 monthly credits and I can not schedule a swimming lesson at #PRS_ORG#, every time I tried, payment failed.
Hi #NAME#
Yes
Can you tell me if I need a specific plan to make a reservation for SWIMMING?
Yes, please.
Good morning.
I would like to know more about how credits work.
For example, in the plan that I have 30 credits, how many classes do I have access to?
Thank you!
likewise!
Yes, I am still with you.
Got it!
I would like to hire pilates on average 2x a week, in studios near my home
or any other activity other than the gym
fight, maybe
the plans are monthly, right?
Sorry haha, I have another question
in the homepage, the available plans and the quantity of credits appears
together it shows "sign up for x classes"
How does it work?
how many classes shown there are weekly or monthly?
I understand.
Thank you very much!
You are charging my card incorrectly.
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
CANCELLATION DATE: it's been one year already
Charge: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been charged in recent months
On 26/12/#NUMBER# a charge was made
Oops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
that is it
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... in the amount of R$ 189.00 for example, can I use any gym, check in a day, how much is each check in of the classes, or massage?
#NAME#, I wanted to ask how the plan works... For instance, for R$ 189.00 can I use any gym, check-in per day, what is the cost of each check-in, class or massage?
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... for example, in the amount of R$ 189,00, can I use any gym, make a check-in per day, what is the value of each check-in of the classes or massages?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, in #PRS_ORG#
I am in São Paulo
Brazil
#URL#
for example, this gym, to do a class do you know the value that would be charged?
Good afternoon!
I requested a quote and until the moment I didn't get a response on the request.
I await contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not receive an answer.
Yes, for corporate hiring
Yes.
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to get to know the corporate plans to be able to hire for the collaborators at #PRS_ORG#
1) Your company's email address: #PRS_ORG#
2) Name of the company: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#
I work for #PRS_ORG# and would like to learn about the corporate plans to hire for employees of #PRS_ORG#
I do not yet have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
The corporate details are:
1) Your corporate email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company Name: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
#PRS_ORG# doesn't have it!
I requested a quote through the Corporate Subscriptions page, but did not get a response
Okay, I will perform the quote process again
Thank you!
Doubt about Training/Credit
Hi
Good morning
I am having doubts before signing a plan.
If I sign up for the plan for #NUMBER# per month, can I only go to the gym 5 times a month because I only have 5 credits?
I want only to go to the gym and workout in person.
I don’t make a big deal out of online classes.
dx I'll see if I understood
if I subscribe to the plan #NUMBER#, can I go to the gym from Monday to Friday, and the credits are only for online classes?
I'll change my question
to see if you can understand it right
With the plan of #NUMBER#, can I go to the gym from Monday to Friday during the month to do my workout that I already have in mind without having to worry about this business of adding credits?
I am not interested in online classes or anything like that
I understood more or less.
oh one more thing
for example
for example the plan #NUMBER# comes with only 5 credits, if the normal class at the gym is 1 credit I can go 5 times a month
hello.
lol
is the minimum value of the gyms from 1 credit to work out?
I understood.
thank you so much.
good job.
kkk
Hello
Hello, don't you speak Portuguese?
You're welcome!
I would like to know how much credit I need to attend the gym at least 3x a week
I haven't found any information about the credits charged by the gyms in the website...
I like the #PRS_ORG# at Av. Paulista
specifically yoga classes
okay
ok, thanks for the information
HELLO,
I WOULD LIKE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#
I am #NAME#, I have a gym in Porto Alegre and I would like more information about the service and the possibility of being a partner.
OK, I'll take a look and get back to you with any questions.
does not have that page in Portuguese?
TKS
No, thank you
I would like to cancel
Just confirm that the cancellation was successful please
No
Good night!
I have already started two other chats, but they disappear
I would like to receive back the credits for the classes that didn’t take place
One stretching class on Saturday at the #PRS_ORG# gym, and an Astanga class at #PRS_ORG#
No
The stretching class was on the 22nd of this month
And the Astanga class at #PRS_ORG# on October 5th
None of them happened.
Okay :)
Everything is okay
I will warn them!
Thank you!!
Good night!
Hello.
I would like to receive back the credits for classes that did not take place
Ok :)
Hello, I am having trouble managing my credits
Apparently, the 24 credits that I have today will expire tomorrow, and I can not schedule a class for next Saturday with these credits.
However, I'm only maintaining my subscription active with you, in this pandemic where everything is closed, because I received an email saying that the credits would not expire in cycle exchanges.
Okay
Yes
Okay, when you are asking, the main issue is about the credits not expiring any more
I am waiting for the email
Hugs
Hello!
I reserved a lesson that did not happen and I did not get my credits back.
This is the second time it has happened.
I would like to receive the credit for the class that did not happen back :)
Good Day, we are a national association with more than 40,000 servers in our database, and we are interested in forming a partnership to offer plans with differential values.
I am waiting for contact.
Thank you.
can you please send me the form
Thanks so much for your interest in partnering with us!
Oii, I was charged for a plan that I'm not using, and I'm asking for a refund.
Is it possible for me to give the subscription to someone else?
Why isn't my money free to be spent carelessly?
Thank you very much!!
I would like to know about the gyms in são paulo
#NAME#
How do I know what is charged in each gym?
Do the credits allow me to go to every gym?
understood
thanks.. I will think it over
Signature
hello
I tried to sign up
charged my card
and blocked
I was in doubt
if it was or not
#EMAIL#
I registered for the test for 14 days.
I informed the card.
#PRS_ORG#
and then they blocked it
blockage
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I can not change my credit card on the website
Hi
I can't update the data, my card is working normally
I have tried both
even
neither of them worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay.
I'll wait.
Okay.
I have a class at 4:45pm, I wanted to understand if I'll be able to make it or if I need to cancel because the account is suspended
Okay, I'll do it.
And what about the class?
Can I cancel without any cost until I resolve this?
Just for today, because until I speak with the bank, it may take some time!
That was it!
Any problems I'll return contact
Thank you!
Do I cancel the class or do you cancel it?
Okay thank you
Have a good one too!
Portuguese: Hello, good morning
I would like to know if I can suspend my subscription for a period
Hello! #NAME#
Yes
I need to stop attending classes, but I'd like to keep the account
and credits
Yes.
just confirm to me if it is possible to freeze the subscription
For how long can I be off?
The charge will be suspended
understood
So I'll have to contact you every month to renew the suspension?
ok
what is the best day to call every month?
Good night
How are you doing?
This is the second time that I've arrived at the establishment to do yoga and my name wasn't on the list
I have been making the reservations normally and the credits too
Okay thanks
Ok.
Thank you very much!
Let her know pf.
Just that, good night
Hi, good morning.
I am trying to make a reservation in #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but an error message comes up.
I tried two different schedules, but it still shows up the same error message. How can I book it?
Thank you #NAME#!
: )
No problem.
Do you need any more information from me ?
#EMAIL#
Hello good afternoon
Hello good afternoon!
#NAME#, all good and I hope everything is going well for you
I would like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
how can i cancel ?
that link doesn’t open
Could you help me in another way?
Everything’s okay, I await your confirmation and if possible you could send an email with confirmation of the cancellation.
Is there any confirmation email?
All good, thank you very much
Hello!
I am from Brazil and I saw that you have several partnerships with gyms in São Paulo, but I can't access the values of Brazil.
Where do I see the price for my country?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Thank you!
And how does it work?
Am I supposed to use a credit for each class?
Can it be used in any of the franchised gyms?
I got it!
I am interested in the gym #PRS_ORG# of #PRS_ORG#
I understand.
And is there any other fee to pay, like an application fee, for example?
Will the prices be charged in Real, so that I won't have to pay tax for making an international transaction?
OK!
I will think about it and contact you again.
Thank you so much
That's all.
Thank you.
Hello, good evening.
I would like to ask a question.
Hi #NAME#
I would like to understand the plan of R$189 per month = 30 credits
Each reservation corresponds to 1 credit, is that right?
And why not 30 credits but only for 9 classes?
Would there be 9 types of classes or just 9 classes in the monthly period?
I don’t know if my question was clear 🥲
Still not clear.
So I can only make 9 reservations with this plan, is that it?
Ahhh I understand
But why 9 classes?
Is that the maximum number of "class options" I can choose in this plan, is that it?
For example: bike, pilates, yoga, swimming, bodybuilding etc..
No more than 9 options?
And what does it mean?
Hummmmmm
So shoot from the head these 9 lessons?
Lol
Perfect
That was it then
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund of my credits.
Due to my location there is nothing available for use.
How do I get back the credit values?
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Due to my location, there is nothing available for use.
How do I recover the values?
okay
Ok.
Thank you very much.
It was not an advantage to not offer anything around for me.
Thank you!
Good afternoon, I would like to know the activities in Campinas SP
Hello!
as far as I have seen
there is only 1 studio that accepts you here in Campinas
so there is only that gym?
do you intend to have more in campinas?
My book “Music” doesn’t show any images in #PRS_ORG# or on the mobile device.
Is there any better version?
Of course!
:) #email#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
That's what happens.
On the cellphone it is the same.
I don’t know if it is a corrupt file or if it is a general problem
I just said that the error only happens in Android... and does not happen with any other book.
Yes :)
But just in this book
I know where to fix, thank you
But is it worth fixing for just 1 file to give trouble?
Other books do not do it
I made the purchase of a book with a different email to the one that was configured initially and the purchase was accepted with an #PRS_ORG# offer card and that was transferred to the reader but I can't open it.
What to do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Okay.
Police
I am searching for the designation of the model, but it is the initial of your list
It still won't open
it isn't working, the book appears but won't open
so´um moment while I turn on the camera
#EMAIL#
it keeps on not opening but I'm going to send you the information that appears
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
it is done
Is it to configure the eReader?
Is it from the PC?
I have
Ok
ok and thank you
Yes and thanks once again for your attention.
likewise
Hi, how are you?
Some months ago, I needed to reinstall the #PRS_ORG# application for PC.
When I did that a few months ago I lost all my bought books.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thank you.
Contact cellphone: #PHONENUMBER#
My account was #EMAIL#.
However, that email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the application, it automatically changed to #EMAIL#
I'm sorry, I spoke wrong.
It has always been #EMAIL#.
Yes, please!
Thank you!
I'll test it here
sorry, where do I do the synchronization?
On the computer or on the #PRS_ORG# itself?
the computer doesn't have the application
he is new
How do I download it?
on the #PRS_ORG# device
#EMAIL#
I already did, but it's giving an error
Yes, error in sync
ok, so one minute
it seems to be working now!
It will take a minute to finish
It looks like everything went well
Do I need to do anything else?
Okay, thank you very much!
Happy New Year
Good afternoon,
I made a book exchange through the #PRS_ORG# You protocol and would like to know which partner publishers have been selected so I can enjoy my book?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Of course: #EMAIL#
I have not made any purchases through the #PRS_ORG# site yet
I made an attempt to exchange points through the #PRS_ORG# website with the protocol #PRS_ORG# You, and I was given a code that allows me to purchase a book in your store
however any book that I select is not permitted, and when I saw the rules it says it only applies to some selected partner publishers, and I would like to know which ones they are
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
Sure, one moment please
It appears on the list as pending
it is already available!
thank you so much for your help
No, thank you very much for your help.
I can normally read ebooks on my #PRS_ORG#, but on my #PRS_ORG# they are not loading.
#EMAIL#
December 29
It doesn't load the e-books.
It says: "care
It says: "loading...", but nothing happens
I have uninstalled the #PRS_ORG# and installed it again several times.
I have restarted the #PRS_ORG# many times.
#PRS_ORG# (3rd generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I've already done it.
It continues to not load.
The book does not open.
I turned it off and on again.
I uninstalled the APP.
It is not.
I entered in the settings.
Yes
There is no "archive"
I am "stowing"
I did not find it
I did not find "restart"
"slide to power off" is what appeared.
I turned it off
I turned it back on.
I found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I am seeing my e-books
Nor did I have to log in
Good evening, I can not buy books with any credit card just with gift card.
How can I solve the problem?
Good afternoon, I can’t buy books with any credit card only with gift cards. How can I solve the problem?
The last one was today, just a little while ago and it's called "A única mulher" (The only woman)
The mobile phone.
The eReader was also used to attempt to buy
#NAME#
Yes you can do that
Yes
I think that everything has already been deleted
OK
Then?
OK I am in process
Good afternoon.
I acquired the e-book "A Promised Land", by Barack Obama, on November 17.
I already downloaded the file to my #PRS_ORG# but it has now disappeared and I cannot download it again.
Good afternoon,
day 01/12
Thank you for the information.
Yes.
an e-reader #PRS_ORG#
sure
worked
I just finished now.
thank you
at the moment, no
I'm the one who thanks.
similarly
How to enable Family Sharing
#EMAIL#
29 December
Yes.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
The purchased books are not loading on #PRS_ORG#
Wheel, wheel and it doesn't enter
I don't get any error message
I signed out of the account on the #PRS_ORG# app and then logged in again.
It's not necessary to login
The problem persists.
#PRS_ORG#
The books bought in Cultura aren't being loaded on the #PRS_ORG#
I see the covers but no text.
I reinstalled the app and the problem persists
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3 generation and #PRS_ORG#
I didn't understand.
I have a free book from #PRS_ORG# and it loads normally
In the purchased books, the app says "loading" and does not load anything.
I can read normally on the #PRS_ORG# and I have a problem on the #PRS_ORG#.
#PRS_ORG# of #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I'm using the #PRS_ORG# for this account
I am currently reading the book on #PRS_ORG#
I am trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay
Waiting, no problem
The "MIlícias" book is not showing up.
Yes.
Reappeared, but it still won't load.
I wait for the contact.
I will have lunch.
Thank you for your help so far.
Thank you.
A good year to you and your team.
I can’t download the ebook
Hello
Hello
#EMAIL#
Our daily bread
Ok
On my #PRS_ORG# cell phone
I can, only the "pão nosso de cada dia" that won't open
No, it just keeps turning around and then goes back to the book cover screen
I have already done it
If I leave the screen, I will lose the chat
I bought an ebook from Cultura since December 28th, and it's still not released for reading.
The title is What is Inclusive Education.
It has already been sold, I received the invoice and I can’t synchronize it!
# EMAIL#
December 28th/#NUMBER#
the purchase code is  # #PHONENUMBER#-01
ok
I already did it.
it still doesn't show up...there's only what I bought in June #NUMBER#
that's what I sent previously...
# #PHONENUMBER#-01
that is the purchase
I paid by credit card, it has already been invoiced and is listed as sent on the #PRS_ORG# website!
I just don't understand why they won't release it until now...
another email address?
but is my #PRS_ORG# email the one I sent you?!
I have the receipt that I received by email
I'm going to forward it
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
There you have it!
That's it!
It is still not appearing on my app...what should I do?
Now it appeared!
Finally!
Thank you very much!
I am grateful!
I have doubts
#EMAIL#
it must have been two days
hello
How are you?
I am starting to read on #PRS_ORG# now
I am not able to mark the page
no
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#
I'm still unable to
when I get to the ''Notes'' what should I do?
I can't see the option to mark the page
for me the page's corner mark does not appear at the upper right corner of the page
I still can't
nothing
I already did that.
I can't call you.
OK
Okay.
still nothing
what is #NAME#?
thank you
bye
Password
I bought on 05/01
Hello anybody there
#EMAIL#
I'm having a password problem
If I put the email of my child will I be able to?
Okay.
No cell phone
I do not have a computer.
Yes, I am having problems syncing with the book store to get the book I purchased
No it won't
One moment.
I was able to do it with another email.
How can I get access to the book
And they lived happily ever after.
Just minutes
#PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
Did you see the 2 that I sent is missing one number
What should I do call the bookstore
I bought from the #PRS_ORG#
I will call the bookstore
Thank you
Okay
I bought an e-book and I want to download the book on my phone.
#EMAIL#
07/01/#NUMBER#
I bought with #PRS_ORG#, but I think I informed my corporate e-mail in the purchase today, the e-mail is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# app on my phone using the email account #EMAIL#, will I have to download the app again using the corporate email account?
I bought the book Range.
it shows up on #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but gives an error when opening
#EMAIL#
Range
OK
"Opa, it was not possible to open this document. There may be a problem with the file.
Try to sync your e-reader If you still can't open it, contact the #PRS_ORG# Customer Service at #URL#
right
ok
Done.
a menu now appeared to choose the language
language
I have logged in again and it is downloading the Range book again
I am waiting for the download that started automatically to finish
entered
I had already done it, but okay, the important thing is that it was entered.
it seems like something was missing
Thank you
That's all, thank you very much and happy new year
nice work
OK, thank you!
After the factory reset, the tablet did not boot anymore.
When I try to configure wi-fi the update error comes up.
I have already tried resetting it again and also cleared the cache, but it still doesn't work.
What should I do?
Thanks.
Sorry, I don't have an account
I think it's the most simple one, the #PRS_ORG#
that is all
yes no complete connection
#7
error #7
How can I update with the android robot using the USB drive option?
yes I am on my computer
and the tablet is connected
no
I'll install.
now i have it ready
If the e-reader is the tablet, yes it is
I would like to remind you that I performed a factory reset on the tablet
That option doesn't exist
after the first screen where I select the language and press Get started, I then have the screen to configure the Wi-Fi and do not have the option not to configure it
I have only the options of Scan, Add Network, Back, Next and select any WiFi network.
yes, disconnecting now
Rebinding again
just called and I received the message q the #PRS_ORG# ou
What is #PRS_ORG#?
No, how?
#NAME#, thank you so much for your help and patience, but I have to leave now.
I will try another time to get help here.
Thank you and have a good day.
What is your email address?
Ok, thanks.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
I have purchased a book via #PRS_ORG# but the book is not appearing in my account.
#EMAIL#
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
10
Yes
Ok
I'm trying to upload the image.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Ok
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction I made about 25 minutes ago, I only received that information
I have not received an invoice from #PRS_ORG#.
Until then, I don't have access to the book or I can't buy it, right?
Okay, thank you.
No.
I'm waiting for a resolution via email.
I can not open the book I bought.
I can not open the book I bought.
I think it was January 4th
Thank you
Yes, I can't open it and read it
Thank you.
I try to open and read the book and it starts from the beginning
It's not just about opening
Yes
Yes in the app of my #PRS_ORG#
Yes
Is it not supposed?
#PRS_ORG#
Yes if I can
Already.
Or rather, I had done that already before contacting you
But I did it again now
It doesn't work
It still won't open
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I click on the book to open it and it won't open.
Goes back to the same spot like it's in the picture
I touched it as you requested and it still does not open
Yesterday night I managed to open it.
Today it doesn't work any more
OK I've already logged out
It's fixed now.
Thank you
Hi, I would like to transfer my books from account #PRS_ORG# to #EMAIL# and delete the first email from my account.
Thank you.
Not worth it, #NAME#, from the first.. and they put a #PRS_ORG# in the second for confirmation these days.
Well he told me so, but I can't see them there
The #PRS_ORG# app
#PRS_ORG#
Success!
Thank you, sometimes we forget to try the obvious
No, that's it. Thank you
Okay.
#PRS_ORG#
Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook began giving problems again, I cannot open any books.
#EMAIL#
Sorry, but, what is e-reader?
I had this exact problem with a book a week or so ago.
I use on a mobile, #PRS_ORG#.
All the books appear, but they don't open.
The notebook works fine.
Hello, yes it did leave.
I already had this problem with 1 book that did not open, it appears, but does not open.
Now all of them.
Okay
I use a cellphone, it works normally on my notebook
Alright
Dear everyone, good night, I would like to remove the card that is saved in my profile without entering another one at the moment, is that possible?
#EMAIL#
The dare
so, for me it only shows the option to edit and not delete.
Yes, please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
for me only this is left, if you can delete this it would help me a lot
they only deleted the card didn’t they #NAME#?
just this, #NAME#, thanks for your attention, okay?
A question, won't you have the option in the future of boleto?
instead of paying with the card, pay with the boleto
thank you for your help #NAME#, I'll send it right away, have a great day
I purchased the e-book 'Seminário dos ratos' through #PRS_ORG# on 29/11/#NUMBER# for R$ 11.96 (promotion).
I already paid by credit card.
To this day, I have not received it.
I would like to know what happened and if I will get the book.
Thank you for your attention.
I have bought the ebook 'Rats seminar' through #PRS_ORG# on 29/11/#NUMBER# for R$11.96 (promotion).
Latest purchase 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
I can't do it either in my #PRS_ORG# because it doesn't appear in any of my devices.
It's like I didn't buy anything.
The books that I bought before appear calmly.
But this one did not.
Okay, one moment please.
It appeared.
What a happiness!!!!
Thank you very much!!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Have a great evening.
Thank you.
I bought a #PRS_ORG# form and the EReader locked it.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
January this year
I bought the #PRS_ORG# shape on 24 December from your site with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# and the device is blocked.
It doesn't turn the page or switch off.
I can see the text on the screen.
I had about 80% charge.
Not since it had so much charge that it would not spoil the battery
No.
It is already connected
It is already connected and has restarted.
The battery was already dead.
Yes and it's charging
Good evening, I acquired the book Crónicas e caprichos, but it stopped appearing in the books of #PRS_ORG#.
It appears in my customer area, however when I sync it does not appear in #PRS_ORG#.
When searching for the book on the store in #PRS_ORG#, it appears that I never bought it.
I think that when they updated the edition of the book, it was no longer recognized on the device.
I would like help, thank you.
#EMAIL#
The midnight sun
thank you
#NAME#
One moment please.
it still does not appear...
I think so.
I believe it has to do with the new edition
because the book appears in my account on the web browser, but not on the #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
one moment please
#NAME#
thank you so much
That's it, thank you.
good job and good night!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon,
I've been trying to purchase an ebook on your site since yesterday but error #NUMBER# the internal server error always appears when I'm trying to make the transaction.
How can I solve this situation and acquire the ebook?
Thank you!
#Email#
the only ebook I have at the moment
It is the only ebook I have at the moment
#NAME#
ok
this computer
#PRS_ORG#
the error that appears is the following
Visitor uploaded: error-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
It's done.
now I am in the purchase area
had already left
does she want to go back?
Okay.
I will then add this
I already added it
ok
I already managed it!
Thank you so much for your help.
No, that was all
thank you once again
ok, I will reply
The APP #PRS_ORG#  desktop says that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I have purchased ebooks.
I request an immediate recovery please.
#EMAIL#
Currently I don't know when I bought them; about 3 to 5 years ago
Yes
I'm waiting.
Thanks.
Good afternoon.
There is a message that says it is empty.
I downloaded it again, but it still says the same message.
Yes.
Yes.
Ready.
Where is the link settings?
Do I see Tem's account?
To sign in and above there is the help button
I don't find the link
I understand, but I don't know how to proceed.
Yes.
Okay.
I did the login #PRS_ORG# and it says it could not find the account
Yes.
yes.
okay.
ready.
Yes, I am trying to see.
I accessed the page
I'm grabbing the ticket.
I entered the password, but it didn't work
We could not find an account with that email or address.
OK.
thank you.
Good day.
I bought 2 books last night but I couldn't read it on my #PRS_ORG#.
I have synced the device but the issue persists.
Thank you in advance!
#EMAIL#
Yesterday night from January 21st to 22nd
thanks!
The books that I bought last night are Sapiens, A Brief History of Humanity and The Tattooist of Auschwitz
The book covers appear in "My Books" but when I try to open it to read it says "Oops!
This document could not be opened!
and said that there is probably a problem with the file.
and it asks me to sync my ereader but it still has a problem
and #PRS_ORG# has already sent the purchase receipt to my email
Yes.
I can open it on my phone.
okay!
thank you, 🙏🏽
ok
okay.
I will inform you of something
it's still not finished
still having the problem
I'm trying again
Good morning!
Good morning! I would like to know about technical support for my #PRS_ORG#, which burnt the internal light.
#EMAIL#
22/11
are you okay
I am.
so, it's old
the light is no longer working
wow, let me figure that out
perae
: #PRS_ORG# (Qtde: 1)
How do I do this?
Take care
#NAME#!
if it doesn't work, there's no support?
It's OK.
uai
I wrote the wrong thing
sorry
#EMAIL#
it is quite old lol
but I'm telling you, can I arrange it even if I pay?
aaah I see
That's okay.
let's hope this is the procedure you taught from scratch
sure
thank you very much for the guidelines
No.
just that
Good morning!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My account, the option Account settings does not appear
The page disappeared.
Now when I type in #URL# it goes directly to #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
In the left corner, there is a log in and not my account
Here's the information: We did not find an account with that address......Make sure you typed it correctly
What do you mean?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do this?
The following message appears: To keep your #PRS_ORG# account secure, we've locked you out after five failed attempts at signing in.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
ok
A link to log in was sent.
Is that right?
Ok.
I created a new password and a message came: we didn't find an account with this email address or password.
Please check if you have entered it correctly.
Yes, that's right
OK, I managed to sign in.
Phew!!
Now I am in account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria Cultura click to link this account?
Returned to #PRS_ORG# and Entered.
When I clicked to log in it said: No account was found with that email or password.
Please check if you typed it correctly.
I repeated the steps linked this account next to #PRS_ORG# and the message always appears
above
How so?
Yes, normal
I have already contacted #PRS_ORG# and they tried and said the problem is with #PRS_ORG# and that I should contact you...it's difficult, right?
Ok.
You can.
To solve the problem
OK
My #PRS_ORG# is not working, I put it on charge and it does not turn on.
The model is the #PRS_ORG#, where do I get service?
#EMAIL#
I don't have that information, I've never used #PRS_ORG#, I won it but it's not working
ok
for what I perceive yes
I put it in the charger, both in the pc and in the outlet, but no light comes on and it doesn't charge
No.
Yes, but it doesn't work
what other connection, what type?
Need to be some special cable?
sorry, I didn't understand
right
The light does not come on
My #PRS_ORG# is the model #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C, it doesn't have an on/off button, it's a different button that goes to the side
Jesus Christ, it's been a long time
Is there any place that can do maintenance on this device?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still on line?
Do you still manufacture?
Is there anywhere that performs maintenance on the device?
I understand.
There is no maintenance just for that model or for none of them?
and still you suggest I buy another one?
For a product that has no assistance if I need it?
I understand, thank you very much for the information.
Good evening
I'm seeing that there will be many disgruntled people like me.
TO FILL IN THE COMPLAINT BOOK
THIS IS BAD IF NOT #PRS_ORG#
I can't buy anything on the #PRS_ORG# store, I've already changed my card twice, I've changed my account, I've gone to #PRS_ORG# and haven't gotten an answer, I want to know how I can fill out your complaint book?
I AM WAITING
I didn't get an end of purchase notification, instead it just gives an error saying UPS!
ERROR AND COULDN'T COMPLETE THE PURCHASE
IT WAS ALSO NOT BETTER IF IT WAS COD BECAUSE I DIDN'T HAVE THE PRODUCT IN #PRS_ORG#
It is not possible to finalize the purchase.
NO
ALREADY #NAME#
I WILL BUY AGAIN BUT I HAVE ALREADY DONE THIS THREE TIMES AT LEAST
already done
I already did it.
I did it and it is always the same error
BUT I ALREADY DID THAT
I ALREADY CHANGED CARD TWICE AND UPDATED MY ACCOUNT DATA VARIOUS TIMES.
What does the #NAME#?
I'm already on the third book I'm trying to buy and the error is always the same
it's better
but there is a deadline to return the equipment (which I'll do) and to fill out the complaints book
On the site, but I first tried it on the e-reader and the result was the same
did not reply me how I can preenceher a book of complaints or how can I get my profound displeasure to #PRS_ORG#
where?
need help?
thank you
I bought a #PRS_ORG#; after making a backup it does not come out of the Wi-Fi screen.
It doesn't accept the network password
I bought a #PRS_ORG#, after backing up it doesn't get out of the Wi-Fi screen.
I do not remember ebook purchases, I only use it as a tablet
it wasn't this was a purchase that I made on a trip to Canada about 5 years ago
Is there something I can do or have I lost the product?
I can't get out of the screen, in other words, I'm not using it as a tablet anymore
I already downloaded it to the pc
however, it asks to connect the #PRS_ORG#
when I turn it on, it stays in the wifi screen
No
I entered the app
nothing
only the wifi screen
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I think my case is without a solution rs
nothing else appears beyond the language option screens.
wifi
that is to say
I can not go to any place
my computer recognizes the device
no
how are you?
thank you for trying to help me
Happy new year...for you too!!
Thank you!!
Good morning
I need help.
I am #PRS_ORG# years old and I never had any synchronization problems.
I still used it without problems in November.
Today I am not able to do it.
It doesn’t recognize my email and I don’t remember my password.
I have e-books pending and I can't sync.
If you can help me, I would be grateful.
in fact, I don't know since I had problems with my first email which was #EMAIL#.
The actual one is #EMAIL#.
as it was my daughter-in-law that set it up in the first place I think the password might be #NUMBER#
The #PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to log in via #PRS_ORG# because it doesn't recognise my email or password either.
even my library has disappeared.
I had a lot of books there and they all disappeared.
I might be logging in incorrectly.
I am #NUMBER# years old and consider myself a heroine in informatics because I manage very well, but now I have got myself into a pickle.
kk
it can be
but then you have to help and guide me
yes
if I find you later then that's fine kkkk
then use the second e-mail #EMAIL#
it would have to be altered there.
my mobile phone is #NAME#
I think it's that registered number
during this reconfiguration, I do not lose the files that are already downloaded on the #PRS_ORG#
New account?
and which password
How do I change my registration at Cultura?
I tried to call them, the phone I have is #NAME#, they answered but when I spoke about #PRS_ORG# the call was cut and they did not answer me again.
if you have a phone to help me, I will appreciate it.
Is there any problem with having the registration of the Culture different to #PRS_ORG#?
I now recall that the last time I used #PRS_ORG# was for books that I purchased at the #PRS_ORG# store
I have more than #NUMBER# books
okay
For the moment, not yet.
Thank you for your patience and attention.
Have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I'll be waiting.
Screen of my #PRS_ORG# is fading
#EMAIL#
I think it already has 1 year
Thank you for your information.
The screen of his eReader is turning everything black and white, but I can’t read anything from it
Yes it is always charged I never let the battery run out or dropped it
I left it on the factory mode to see if it would return but the letters are so erased that I cannot even read it properly
I have done so already
The screen is the same way
What's up?
The screen works normally, but the letters and images are practically erased
Hello
Yes
Yes
Okay
No
Yes
I did it the way you said but nothing came up
Yes
It’s like it has been turned off
However you can still see the books I have
It is still possible to see carinho written disconnected
He is not turning on, I think the screen got stuck
It's not turning on
Okay
He has not returned
It didn't turn on and remains with a very bright background showing the books
Is there another thing we can do besides what you're saying?
Why was the screen just with letters and images half erased now after I did what you said it isn't even turning on
It's not working now at all
It's like it has a screen saver that won't go away, it shows "Disconnected" but it also shows "Favorites" and "Disconnected" but I can't do anything
Now the oven is heating up a lot
Yes
Do you have any technical assistance in SP?
I pick up the following conversation.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I'm picking up the conversation with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Be aware that if you switch between apps, lock your phone or move to another window while chatting with us, you may be disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience, please remain active in this chat window.
(03:30:### PM) Customer Service: Due to an increased number of requests, our response time may be slightly delayed.
We are sorry for any inconvenience and will reply to your request as soon as possible, thank you for your patience.
(03:31:### PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thanks for contacting us, could you please indicate the email you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I would like to buy a book but I can't make the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Thank you for the information.
I will be happy to help you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Please allow me a moment to verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for waiting.
(03:36:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I ask if you filled in your invoicing information when trying to make your book purchase?
(03:38:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: in a second phase I revised (confirming) the payment instructions as it was suggested to me in the message stating that payment was not made
(03:39:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I can see that there were some purchase attempts that didn't go through.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes, when there's an error in the transaction, banks don't let you make any more purchase attempts.
(03:40:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Can you contact your bank to see if they added a restriction on our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I'll check
(03:43:#NUMBER# PM)
the last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
Yes, and they informed me that from their side there is no problem in making the transaction
OK
Yes now it worked
Good night,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I need to press the power button to turn off my device completely?
#EMAIL#
I have not made a purchase
I received my device today only
But sleep mode drains a lot of battery.
When I charged it for the first time, it was 59% charged and now it's only 39%
I already tried faster than what you told me but it didn't turn off.
Just went to sleep
I bought this device because I always heard about the battery durability.....
Could there be something wrong?
I didn't charge, I only connected it to the computer to import the books.
Before I start tinkering, I read the manuals.
And I couldn't find anything about this on the manual or on the internet.
I believe so but like I said, nowhere did it appear this information
Sorry but I didn’t understand
I cannot.
I charge until it supposedly says it's off and nothing happens.
I will repeat that it only goes into sleep mode.
How long?
But I have already told you this does not happen
This is already the seventh time that I do it and it only goes into standby mode
How so?
And the issue with the battery?
And the problem with the battery?
Will I lose my books?
And the battery?
The battery problem I spoke about at the beginning....
How is that?
But you still haven't understood that I didn't say anything about that in the manuals and in absolutely nowhere?
If it's so important, it should be stated in the manual.
So basically I paid for a device that allegedly has a long battery life and I lost that capability because I didn't charge it for 4 hours to begin with??
May it take weeks???
The device is new.
And as I said, it came with 59% of battery (it was connected at 13h) and now it's past midnight and it only has 37% and I haven't even used it, it's been in sleep mode.
I've already reset to factory settings.
It remains not turning off
I charged for more than #NUMBER# seconds and nothing appeared, it only went into sleep mode 5 seconds later.
Apart from that, nothing happened.
In one way or another, it does not shut down
Tomorrow I'll contact the store where I bought and ask for a new device or for a refund.
Good evening
Good day
At the physical store of #PRS_ORG# I asked if I could offer ebooks they said yes that it was enough to buy on the site I would receive a link and then sent the link to the person.
But as far as I can tell, that doesn't happen.
I just bought an ebook and I think it is just associated with my account, right?
What is the way to offer this ebook to another person?
#NAME#,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
09 January #NUMBER#
Good morning #NAME#
The book is a gift and it is not for me.
How can I give it to who I want to give it to without it staying in my library?
Is that possible?
Yes, that is correct.
I had bought a physical one from #PRS_ORG# and the person asked to exchange it for an ebook.
At #PRS_ORG# I returned the book and they said to buy the ebook on the site that would be sent a link to download the book and then send the link to the person who would receive the ebook
But that's not what happened.
Or maybe I don't know anything about the topic.
Or both haha
Then there is no way to offer it?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store money cards, aren't they?
In this case I prefer just a refund as I'm not going to use the book and the person doesn't have access.
The purchase was a mistake.
I have not even opened the ebook as you can probably see from the history.
In this case I would appreciate the refund to be made by the same payment method
Thank you #NAME#
Thank you very much, #NAME#.
That's all there is to it.
Thank you very much.
Will the contact be by email?
Yes but if necessary for the purposes of this process I can also be contacted at #PHONENUMBER#
No
That's it.
Thanks again
Good afternoon, I am unable to change the password for the account #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to do so to allow access to an e-book that I bought to give as a present.
Greetings.
#NAME#
December 25th
#EMAIL#
24
of December
sorry
Thank you for the information.
right, but this is how I give my dad access to offer the book as a present
the goal is this
ok but I needed a way for him to access it
through log in
from my account with a pass and my associated email
no
ok, all right
and it's not possible, for example, to sign in normally, right?
ok but when I try
and it's not accepting, or do I have to go through the #PRS_ORG# website
thank you very much :L)
I was able to access this option via #PRS_ORG#
I can not access the books I bought
I cannot access the books that I purchased.
I bought it through #PRS_ORG#, and I can not access it
The courage to be imperfect
I am not able to link the #PRS_ORG# account with the one from #PRS_ORG#
through the #PRS_ORG# cell phone
yes, says that it's having problems syncing
I log in to the #PRS_ORG# and then try to associate the #PRS_ORG#
I now entered via the #PRS_ORG# and I'm trying to associate again
it says it can't find the account
I tried, but it doesn't find it either
at the #PRS_ORG# site I always log in normally
yes
And when I try to synchronize it says that the system is unavailable
Hi
but I am logging in normally in #PRS_ORG#  and #PRS_ORG# I can’t associate
I will try
I'm still changing
We could not find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you have entered it correctly.
this
the two are the same email
I can log in to #PRS_ORG# by #PRS_ORG#, but when I try through the bookstore this message comes up
but when logging directly on the bookstore site it works
Thank you, I await a response
just that
thank you
Since January, I’ve been unable to pay for #PRS_ORG# on #PRS_ORG# and, because of this, I’ve been unable to buy as I did before.
My credit balance is the same
#EMAIL#
Various, High Ground, Joe Nesbo's Knife, etc.
I lost the connection, or are you checking?
I already tried that.
my computer
#PRS_ORG# site
What private browser?
I did not realize, I always did the same way
I don't even know if it's possible to buy it anonymously
But how?
Do I just go to the website, clear my information, and then buy?
how do I pay?
A laptop with #PRS_ORG#
I don't get it, do I leave the website?
Want me to sign up again on #PRS_ORG#.
Isn't it better if we talk directly?
But why?
Can't I do this with my password and email?
I do not understand this.
First leaving the chat will not help with verification
Second I still haven't understood how you log in as anonymous, I never did it
To go to my account they ask for the mail and password
Could it be a cell phone?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you follow the process on the phone with me, or not?
No, I never have.
I want to do it on my PC, but to talk with you
Our conversation is not going well because I don't understand computers
I will try once again and if it does not work well I will have to return to the chat?
Answer what I am asking sff
Good morning, my #PRS_ORG# entered in recovery mode, and I no longer know what to do.
go to the #PRS_ORG# page
#EMAIL#
great #NAME#
it enters the configuration screen, I can log on with the wifi network, date and time, he tries to do an update, but always gives an error
More or less 4 years
yes
is open
asks for email and password
I was able to log in.
no books found appears
Several of them yes
the last purchase was less than 1 month ago
It's the same email I sent you
no
Yes
I bought it through my own device
I have an email from #PRS_ORG#,  #EMAIL#
I'll check it out.
yes what do I do
one moment
#NAME#, I cannot log in with this email, it appears that no account is found
I tried to enter clicking on the icon as you said, no option to enter with the new account appeared, I entered again in the link you had sent, and in it is written that no account is found with this email
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
How can I do this
the options that exist are, new tab, new window, and new private window
sure and then
You still have nothing to tell me?
Ms. #NAME#, can you tell me why I can't finish buying ebooks on #PRS_ORG#?
I was in the chat with Mr. #NAME# but I was not told anything
#EMAIL#
High Land
I do not use the #PRS_ORG#
Can I use #PRS_ORG#?
But for this, they would have to provide me with the data for the payment and the situation would not be regularized
How is that verified?
But I don’t know how to check that
And this problem only started around a month ago
What do you need?
ok
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
The msg when I want to complete the purchase is "Oops an error occurred"
#PRS_ORG#, without any message
How is the screen captured?
I have already shown the message that appears and sent it previously
It is a laptop with a docking station
Where can you see that?
Okay.
I'll wait.
Thank you.
I can't remember my login and password for #PRS_ORG# (I can't activate it).
Perhaps there is some old account (that I don't remember), disassociated from #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactivate and rescue my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please, I have no options, I'm totally stuck
my current email is #EMAIL# (on the #PRS_ORG#).
On #PRS_ORG#, I don't remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
January 13 #NUMBER# two books in English essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
Gone with the Wind - Margaret Mitchell
I can not access the #PRS_ORG#, nor login the #PRS_ORG# (I forgot what the initial login is, maybe an old one and duplicated)
Before logging out of #PRS_ORG#, I synchronized several times and it didn't download the latest purchase from #PRS_ORG# - Then I logged out and couldn't identify the old login (and duplicated, I think), or the new one: from the email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that is the old one - I no longer use that email, it was #EMAIL# and is inactive.
I need it to be the one from the current culture: #EMAIL#
I did it again and it didn't recognize it
"We didn't find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you entered it correctly."
I tried with the same outlook mail, but with the #PRS_ORG# login option.
it does not recognize the account
that didn't work either
Maybe it's better to unlink the old one, to make it less "polluted".
I really like the #PRS_ORG# and I intend to use it forever
so, option 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
did it work?
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you very much!!
Same to you, have a great day !!
I bought two ebooks and I do not know how to visualize them??
I bought two ebooks and I don't know how to visualize them?
14/01/#NUMBER# ebooks Astral Body and Mental Body
I already downloaded it on the site, #URL#, however, I do not know how to access the ebook??
How do I do that?
Can I start now??
Is the chat going to be unavailable?
Ape
A screen appears, but it does not have the option for NO.
It's not a configuration screen.
When I accessed the site #URL#, a screen appeared with the following message: How can we help?
No, but who directed me was the system, I followed what you told me.
I intend to buy several ebooks from the same site.
If we can solve the problem it would be good for all...
This is the screen that appears
There's no option to choose NO.
He downloaded and chose NO
Is it like that?
Do I click on exe??
He asks if I can let the app make changes?
To run the #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon has been created
Opened a screen to log in and create an account is that right??
The system says it didn't find an account or password...
Yes.
Showed as synchronization completed
Did a help page open??
It’s not opening the screen.
It shows the two books, but when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open it??
Thanks #NAME#.
Good evening.
Good afternoon.
I have a #PRS_ORG# for many years, it is asking for new configuration and I am not able to do it.
What do I do?
I need to speak to someone.
Please help me old desperate (67a) Thank you
Good afternoon.
I don't remember, I was buying O Conde de #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect to the wi-fi, it recognizes it as correct and then shows a page indicating a network error.
No way!
and yes to start the e-reader.
Detail: I did not touch anything and did not do anything different from what I had been using for years.
I am a layman in "computer" how do I do it?
How do I begin?
I clicked
What is #NAME#?
What do I transfer now?
Was done and now?
There were 03 items appeared: #PRS_ORG# (5) #PRS_ORG# (6) and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the downloads folder
I'm a zero to the left in the computer.
What is #NAME#?
I see a "icon" (?)
It opens as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I run it?
It is running
It finished and created a shortcut on the desktop.
I opened the program
Okay I did step 5
I can't DO NOTHING and the #PRS_ORG# is totally in a chaos.
I am more lost than I was.
It seems like I did it, I am trying to access the #PRS_ORG#.
I'm trying to login with #PRS_ORG# and it does not recognize the email.
I can't, I don't have any more patience.
I am an old man I NEED TO ASK QUESTIONS WHILE SPEAKING I CAN'T STAND IT.
PLEASE HELP ME SOLVE MY PROBLEM. PLEASE HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
You do not understand, you were born with a computer, I wasn’t.
Your didactic is great for those who understand computers, but not in my case.
I really appreciate your brilliant attention.
What you do is social exclusion.
Greetings
Want to help me?
tell me a telephone number so I can call and possibly resolve the problems with the "blessed" device.
I don't change my mind: it's social exclusion.
One day you will feel what it's like to be in a similar situation.
I just requested the book Box trilogy the century
An msg with a problem with the card appeared.
I repeated the purchase three times and the same message came up.
However my card approved all the purchases.
What do I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man who loved the dogs.
Where do I find that?
In #PRS_ORG#?
Why did it fail?
Regarding these failed requests, will they be canceled?
#NAME#, can I do this procedure on my phone?
I mean, I’m not exactly a hacker, kkk
Good morning!
Good morning!
My #PRS_ORG# no longer turns on, I want to access my books through the app, but I can't remember the password and my email changed.
how can I proceed to recover my books?
the old email was #EMAIL#
the old email is #EMAIL#
I think it was the Sappiens of #NAME#
this title is the one you have on your old account?
many others
all of my books are on this account
you see, I buy the books via #PRS_ORG# and they are entered into #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# blew up
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was from the company where I worked
I no longer have that email, and when I put in the email, I forgot my password, which goes to that email
I need the password to come to my email #EMAIL#.
Could you help me?
Thank you very much.
that would be great
the login email remains #EMAIL#
and I put forget the password
what about this one?
that's it
okay, thank you!
Do I wait here?
okay
I see.
We didn't find an account with this email address or password.
Please check if you typed it correctly.
I put the password and received this message
OK
OK
Okay
It worked.
not successful
I still don't have access
yes.
it was the quw
Hi
We were unable to find an account with that email or password.
Please check if you typed it correctly.
I log in with #EMAIL#
And I put the password and it doesn't work
I will try it with #PRS_ORG#
now it's in, where do I find my books?
I am on the website.
I did not understand
On the website
I'll try here
Thank you very much
something has caught my attention again
thank you for the attention
Hello, I was trying to set the billing address but there's no field to define the taxpayer number.
This way the invoice will not be valid.
Where can I define the taxpayer number in order to buy books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
I'm talking to whom?
in english is VAT number
there is no place to define this.
and to have an invoice, it is mandatory to define the VAT number in Portuguese.
ok, and how can I contact you?
Can I send the order to an email?
yes, VAT in english is IVA in portuguese.
I noticed.
Yes, what's the email?
I will buy a book now and will try to order the invoice right away.
if I can't get it, I ask you
2 minutes
I have ended the purchase.
but now I need the invoice
It seems that I am no longer talking to the same person.
#NAME#, I spoke to your colleague before because I needed an invoice and there was no place on the website to define the NIF
Then I needed the invoice of the purchase I made
I just bought the book "Chronicle of Passions and Whims" by #NAME#
can send invoice with the following data:
NIF / VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
City and postal code: #ADDRESS#
Country: Portugal
Thank you very much!
no, that's it
Nice job!
alike!
#EMAIL#
I subscribed today
I plan on making the first purchase now
Hello
I am trying to purchase online but when the purchase is being processed the screen freezes and the purchase is not processed
is this a chat ?
I have already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with a laptop and on a smartphone and even on the smartphone's application
the screen always gets blocked
I already tried from the smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and from this #PRS_ORG# laptop
the laptop is personal
and the smartphone is also personal
I have no idea what a VPN is.
I already tried to make the purchase with different credit cards, using different search engines, with a laptop and with a smartphone and with the smartphone application
If there is no solution it's ok
It must be a problem of #PRS_ORG# since I never had this problem before
I tried
I cleared cookies and such like
and I tried to make the purchase again
the screen was blocked again
they must be having a problem
in the processing
credit card
I have already tried with a #PRS_ORG# and a #PRS_ORG#
I do not use #PRS_ORG#
considering all I've tried the problem must be from the #PRS_ORG#
Ok
Ok
Okay
I am trying
still frozen
It became blocked again
when I advance, a couple of small bars to make a circular movement appear
indefinitely
How do I switch to this "anonymous mode" ?
I never had any difficulty buying online
well... thanks for your efforts.
well, I tried everything but it didn't work
I think your site is having problems with processing the payment
good evening
I will buy the audiobook from another website
I'm having trouble syncing accounts #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
Always it says that the password is incorrect, even though I am using the same password I used to log in the site #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I receive it when I try to log in
May
I have answered the e-mal
#NAME#
But this happens when I try to link the account
When I go to my account/authenticate account
It opens the #PRS_ORG# account login and says that the password is incorrect
Just one minute
I'm on the computer so that's why the delay
I'm trying to capture the screen
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
the option to enter the login of Cultura does not appear
when I click to link the account the #PRS_ORG# login opens
and then this error shows up
but the login giving the error is the one of #PRS_ORG#
have you already experienced the same error before when opening the app
Dear gentlemen, all my books from ereader have disappeared, how should I proceed?
Dear gentlemen, all of my books have disappeared from my ereader, how should I proceed?
I don't remember...
Another email that may have been used is:
Dear Sirs, my books disappeared all from ereader, how should I proceed?
Good morning to be born from #NAME#
It's a title: Book = Good Morning to be born
This book disappeared, like many others, out of about more than #NUMBER# books.
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yes I bought it now for testing but I had over #NUMBER# books...
Is there any other way, #PRS_ORG# found all my books but couldn't transfer, they asked me to contact you
All purchased.
The possible emails are:
Dear sirs, my books have all disappeared from the ereader, what should I do?
Dear Sirs, all of my books have disappeared from my ereader, how should I proceed?
#EMAIL# (I no longer have access)
Thank you...
And now?
the last email I no longer have access to.
Can I LOG IN with #EMAIL# but then there are only three books, do I need to log in with the email that I no longer have access to: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but what if he then asks for my password?
I have not used this email in many years...
Is it possible to transfer to the account:
#EMAIL#?
OK then, I'll wait.
Thank you
OK...
OK thanks very much, big hug...
Not at this time.
Everything is ok.
Thank you very much, have a great weekend.
Goodbye and good luck.
I bought two books a few days ago on the site of #PRS_ORG#, but the book doesn’t open and there is an error message: Opa!
This document could not be opened.
Probably there is a problem with your file.
(I already synchronized and restarted the e-reader and it didn’t solve it)
I bought two books a few days ago on the #PRS_ORG# site, but the book won't open and gives an error message: Oops!
Delta of Venus (bought it a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Delta de Vênus and The house of the happy buddhas
I could not find item 5
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would that be the item to sign out?
I did not find close
OK
I am setting
I am not remembering the password
I'll create a new one.
Then it’s just a matter of synchronizing?
Okay
He directed me to login in #PRS_ORG#
Okay.
Found.
It is logging into the #PRS_ORG#
Does this mean that if I buy books from another website, I will need to do the same to read them?
Okay.
Will I automatically sign in if I only buy from #PRS_ORG#?
All good.
I managed to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations on your patience.
Where can I leave a compliment?
No.
Good evening and happy life.
:) Thank you
Good morning
I am having trouble accessing a book I just bought.
In the program of #PRS_ORG# on both the computer and mobile phone it is not in the library.
Good morning,
It was today the 11th of February, #NUMBER#.
exactly
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG# app, have it :) #PRS_ORG# on computer and android on smartphone
Certainly.
Right.
the book now appears in the library
are you making the transfer
Yes, it seems that everything is fine with the book on the android device
ok
yes I have done that
My books is the library, right?
I clicked on the icon but nothing comes up
I can't find any profile icon
No...
the #PRS_ORG# logo and a search window
no
can I send an image?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Ok =)
I've already installed it
and I am seeing that the last book is being automatically downloaded
Thank you very much for your help =)
No, that's all.
Thank you very much.
Hello, mu #PRS_ORG# is not working properly, the touch screen is not working.
#EMAIL#
One of the books that I have in the #PRS_ORG# is called 10% Happier
it doesn't react at all
he turns on normally, is charging but no touch works on the screen
even by connecting it to a computer it is not possible to execute any command in the screen
correct
Ok
only aura
I don't have access to wifi
Ok
I can't remove the lid
Is it the back of the #PRS_ORG#?
Or a specific cover?
I'm trying to remove the cover at the bottom
it seems to be not possible to remove it
It didn't get more clear, it's the same message
I am trying to open the back but it is very hard.
I don’t want to force.
Okay
How should I proceed to see the possibility of replacement?
It was purchased in #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It's all right
Sure
thank you
I can't open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your app and it still does not work.
It says it's synchronizing and it doesn't come out of it
Good afternoon
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
I only have one ebook
I bought on Friday.
Introduction to industrial organization
ZIP code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
Yes
Yes
what is the profile icon
I did it.
The ebook is in my account.
It has always been there!
I can't open it
I did all of that and it did not work.
To whom can I address a complaint and ask for the money to be refunded.
A message just popped up saying 'Sync completed'
And now?
How do I open the book???
It's already opened.
Terrible service!
No
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
endgame
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# blocks every once in a while, it is happening right now, no matter how many times I turn it off and start it up again nothing happens
endgame
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes up from time to time, and at the moment, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens.
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with the #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect with the desktop application to make updates, but since the screen is blocked I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the pc
just today
spent the morning charging
I will try it.
I am already in the part of the instructions to set up
The problem is that no matter how much I touch the screen, I can't do anything
it seems the screen sensor does not work
correct
There's no possible arrangement?
Unfortunately, the #PRS_ORG# is out of warranty
It’s always when it ends that the problems appear
and a partner like #PRS_ORG#, you won't fix it?
to stay equal or get worse (if that is possible) it is better not to
Which of the #PRS_ORG# currently on sale is the closest to my #PRS_ORG#?
The discount you mentioned would be of how much?
Would there be a time limit to use the discount?
if you do not mind, thank you
When choosing the device I want, how do I receive the discount code?
Do I have to get in touch with you again?
Okay.
Thank you.
likewise!
I made the purchase of a book yesterday (10/2/21) and after syncing many times my #PRS_ORG# it does not load on my device.
The order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me any guidance?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- #PHONENUMBER#)
This is above: #EMAIL#
But I have another one that might be in the registration: #EMAIL#
Was there any missing data?
I received a confirmation email.
Thank you
Option #PRS_ORG#?
I logged out and now, when I enter, it appears that I should "Log in with #PRS_ORG#" - is this it?
The book I purchased appeared, but several other books I had previously purchased disappeared.
How do I access them?
They were books bought from the #PRS_ORG# website
But then do I need to keep alternating between the login for #PRS_ORG# and the store #PRS_ORG#?
ok
I didn't remember the password to #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it - sorry about that.
I tried to access and the page:
An #PRS_ORG# account already exists with this email.
Linking the accounts allows you to access all of the books in My Books.
- then, it shows an option to connect by #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG#.
I haven't done anything so far
there is the option "skip" the page
ok
Jump?
I understand that it was supposed to skip before logging out and ended up logging into the #PRS_ORG# account - but I think it worked because I can see the previous books and the book purchased yesterday.
Question: If I buy again at the #PRS_ORG# store, will the same thing happen (will I have to switch login)?
Understood.
Last question: is it possible that I can only find an item at the store #PRS_ORG# and not at #PRS_ORG#?
I'm asking this because when I bought this book, I couldn't find it at the bookstore, but it was available at #PRS_ORG#.
But now I can see that it's also listed on the website of the bookstore (perhaps I made a mistake in the search).
Ok.
Thank you very much for your attention and kindness.
Good day.
Hi I sent a link request to recover my password and until now I received nothing on my email
#EMAIL#
I bought an e-book today
09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello
Yes
I forgot my password
Yes
What should I do after I sign in to #PRS_ORG#?
Ok.
I already accomplished that.
But I have two other doubts.
Can you help me?
Actually, three.
The first question is if I change my cellphone, will I be able to install the #PRS_ORG# App again, only with the password for #PRS_ORG#?
Or will I need a password from #PRS_ORG#?
The second doubt is that the e-mail I have linked to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was directed to create a private email for my personal accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Okay for the first doubt.
My third question is that I accidentally removed an e-book that I bought and I can no longer retrieve it.
Is it still possible to recover that book?
*I accidentally removed an e-book
Second question: because of this, I am trying to enter the #PRS_ORG# website and since I don't remember my password, I can't change my email.
Can you help me?
To sum up I need to reset the password of #PRS_ORG# to change my account email and try to recover a book that I accidentally deleted.
*change
I am with the cellphone.
Is it possible to perform this operation without a pc?
* without a
But I know my #PRS_ORG# password
I can only do that later.
Now I'm only on my phone.
What time does this chat operate until?
Ok.
I will contact you once I get home.
Thank you.
I can't shop with a #PRS_ORG# card, associated with my account, by giving a server error
#EMAIL#
I still haven't been able to make a purchase
Could I be logged off?
None, I just tried to make purchases with the card, which I didn't manage to do.
The books I tried to buy are in the shopping cart.
The message, in short, is a server error to try again later.
That is the message that was informed by you before this contact.
The Error message of the server in purchases with card #PRS_ORG#, to try again later.
According to your information, the problem had already been solved, which did not happen.
In order to do this you had to leave the chat, which does not seem to be advisable.
I'll try.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
An error has occurred and, at this time, it is not possible to load this page.
Please try again later.
Do you still see this message?
Go to #URL#
I already tried but it's not working because I can't upload the picture, but that's the message I receive
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
It was the best I could do
Exactly, with the #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with the #PRS_ORG#, that I don't even use anymore.
I only get the message when I try to make a purchase.
I tried to purchase the books one at a time and the result was the same
Anonymous, like?
I still don't understand how to open an anonymous window
OK, what's next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, and since I cannot make any purchase at the moment, I would appreciate it if you could inform me if the anomaly is temporary or if it is only mine or if I need to take any other procedure.
Thank you.
I thank you already for all the availability and hope not to regret being a customer of #PRS_ORG#.
Thank you very much.
Continuing with good work
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG#, AND THEY ENTERED MY PHONE BUT NOT IN #PRS_ORG#, HOW TO DO
# EMAIL#
12TH FEBRUARY
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
These are 7 books: "Hidden Star", "Maybe Someday", "Behind Your Eyes", "Summer Shadows", "Do You Remember Me", "A Place in Your Heart", "The Disappearance of #NAME#".
eReader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Connecting... last synchronization on 01/29/21
I can't get out of this screen
They entered, thank you
Yes
Yes.
Thank you for your help.
Perfect
No.
Okay.
Have a good day
Hello.
I have the #PRS_ORG# application on my tablet, and I am signed into #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account with #PRS_ORG#.
Each account has a specific password.
Now I bought an ebook on #PRS_ORG#, but I don't know how to download it on the tablet's app.
#EMAIL#
On the tablet, I only have one book sample downloaded this month.
On #PRS_ORG#, I made the first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#).
ok
#PRS_ORG#
I did so.
In the home screen only the sample I downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# store is displayed.
The ebook purchased at #PRS_ORG# does not appear.
Because the #PRS_ORG# account is new, maybe the problem is related to linking the two accounts - the bookstore and #PRS_ORG#.
The same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a copy in PDF.
Yes, the title is this one.
Okay, the book has been included.
Thank you.
For the moment that is all.
Thanks again.
Ok.
Good day.
I bought a book and it was discounted 4 times from my card
ok
Good evening
#EMAIL#
18/02/#NUMBER#
Okay.
that
it's showing 4 transactions in the statement
I have not even been able to use the product as the purchase was just made
I would like to cancel the purchase
please
The magic of time management
From #NAME#
I can’t, as it is my husband’s cell phone.
The bank app is not on my mobile
And I am accessing it through the computer
I would like to have my purchase cancelled because it is secured under consumer defense code, if you please
If I change screens, will the chat close?
I am from the legal area and I am recording everything being discussed.
If I switch the tab will the conversation end?
If you do not close the conversation, I'll try to send it now
Just a moment
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
5 transactions have been made.
Two were cancelled and three were completed.
That's the maximum that I can send to you
I do not have access to the bank account.
I only want a refund for one charge, not for all of them
I don't want the product, it's my right as a customer
OK
Thank you
That's great.
Only.
Thank you very much #NAME#!!
Likewise!
Good morning,
Hj I bought a ebook #NAME#.
When entering my account, in the purchase history option, my product appears but my product does not appear in my library... how to solve this?
#EMAIL#
Feb 19 #NUMBER#
ok
if you check my library, you can see that the product does not appear
however it is in my purchase history
I am trying to read it on my computer #PRS_ORG#
the other books in my library I can read normally
and this one specifically "DOES NOT APPEAR IN MY LIBRARY"
on the internet
but if it appears in the list of purchased products... why it doesn't show up in my library...
#NUMBER# years
but what does that have to do...
Oh, good...
Ah yes...
more I just would like to understand
so how does it appear on my purchase history with you
is there any way to give me the Id of the product in #PRS_ORG# so I can get in contact with the partner
it's okay then...
Thank you!!
Yes it was, but I always buy there
no thanks!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good day,
Recently I bought a #PRS_ORG#, however I’m not able to connect it to my computer.
It just begins to charge with no option to connect.
Dear #EMAIL#,
Dear #NAME#,
Yes,
and I already tried it on more than one computer
Yes.
home page
4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I'm doing what you recommende,
Nothing appeared on my screen to connect to my computer and everything is still the same...
the start page, where it shows that it is charging
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
and it's still the same...
nothing appears
Yes
and when I try to set it up, it says to connect to the device when it's already connected
Yes
and...
hello there,
thank you and likewise
Good night I am having trouble processing the payment
Good evening, I am having problems processing payment.
#EMAIL#
There have been no purchases made at this point
Hello?
But this process has already been done many times
It appears that the information is correct and the transaction appears as "Transaction in progress", but suddenly the loading ends and it returns to the shopping cart
Ok
Right now I am trying to make the purchase again.
The situation remains the same
The system assumes transaction but returns to the shopping cart
To repeat the same process all over again?
But I did this just now
That will be all, I appreciate the help, but it seems that nothing is solved even after that
Initially I was doing the process in the E-Reader application, as it did not work, I changed to #PRS_ORG# browser in private mode
And the problem still persists
I'll do that and try again
No.
Continues as before
I did a cleaning of cookies and cache and on checkout I put the payment information in again
It still returns to the shopping cart without completing the transaction
I am doing this on #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
In my mobile device I made the attempt through the #PRS_ORG# app
Hello.
Not a problem, it's just that
I will wait for the answer to the situation
I appreciate your attention
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# has disconnected
#EMAIL#
I don't know.
the device will not turn on
turns on the screen light.
the light on the switch goes on and nothing happens
It does not connect to the computer
does not do manual restoration...
#PRS_ORG#
Okay, but nothing happened...
I've already tried that with the device plugged into the power supply and nothing happened.
it is also connected to the USB of the computer...nothing happened
I believe this is the email
#EMAIL#
it could be this email because the other one is professional and I just got it
#PRS_ORG#
Many years ago.
At least 5 years
Despite clicking the button for a long time, it never turns off the screen completely, always remaining with the #PRS_ORG# logo.
It never gets black or gives any other image
when I let go of the button the only thing that happens is the button light pulses, the screen lights up and... nothing happens...
right now it's connected to the usb port of the computer and I'm pressing the h+ button for more than a minute and nothing happens
Ok.
How to synchronize/configure the #PRS_ORG# glo with computer?
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, it was saved, but I bought it in eel #NUMBER#
I had to reset the #PRS_ORG# and now it does not configure via the computer or via the wifi
on wifi it starts and then an error
but on the computer it just charges
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it does not recognize the #PRS_ORG#
this
Before, it worked perfectly.
Yes, I tried on 6 ports and on an old notebook
it only loads
and I even changed the cable too
when I put it in the computer it asks me to download the #PRS_ORG# desktop
just q it doesn't recognize it
I tried it now on the desktop, even made a new account and it asks to connect the cable, changed port and the error continues
How do I do a factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
it does not come out of that screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG# Image-2021-02-22 at 15.37.21.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
if I go back to the screen it asks me to choose the language
there is no way for me to do the reset right away
ok!
then it is in this screen of configure and continue giving a network error and it only connects to the micro to charge
#NAME#
at #NUMBER#
worse than that, it's not there, I even tried plugging the reset pin in
and it gets stuck on the same screen
but thank you for your help, I will continue to look for some solution
OK! That's all for now.
thanks
I bought the book #NAME# and did not receive it on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
request #PHONENUMBER#-01
09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# cinnamon
#NAME# cinnamon and cane sugar
I can only see four chapters
Preview
ios
the book that appears is [and PRE-VIEW]
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
THE BOOK DOWNLOADED ON #PRS_ORG# ONLY HAS 4 CHAPTERS, TWO IN THE FIRST PART AND TWO IN THE SECOND PART.
THUS, IT IS INCOMPLETE.
Does log out mean "End Session"?
come out.
yes
logout and log back in
the book "Gabriela" remains incomplete
Log out.
I signed out.
I'm saying that I sign out,
I'll do that right now.
May I?
I logged in again
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
I did with the #PRS_ORG# option,
I'm
I logged in with Livraria Cultura's login and the book #NAME# is not yet available
I am checking
It seems to have worked.
Thank you.
Thank you and have happiness.
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#
request number: #PHONENUMBER# already and still I can not read it.
Only the sample is showing up, it is not releasing the whole book.
#EMAIL#
23/02/#NUMBER#
OK
Yes.
always access when I buy easily
but this time this book only lets me read the sample and it doesn't unlock all the items
#PRS_ORG#
ONLY THIS BOOK THAT I BOUGHT LATE TODAY IS GIVING THIS PROBLEM:  THE MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
REQUEST #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
IT’S ANOTHER #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Soul's Lupa,  the End of Alzheimer's,Nietzech Today
Yes, it can be done.
But what about future purchases that I will make, is this problem going to happen again?
Thank you for the advice
how do I do
Yes
I already touched it
that the book I bought is not there anymore
can I put it back in the library?
ok I'll wait
perfect, it worked.
Thank you very much for your attention and have a great work day
My #PRS_ORG# was reset and the books bought (except one) and PDF files are all gone.
How can I resolve this?
Good day!
The e-mail is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order number #PHONENUMBER#
Okay, great day for you too.
There's another email where the receipt for this order above was sent: #EMAIL#
#PHONENUMBER#
One moment please.
I am a bit confused, but it is the #PRS_ORG# that I found under "About the #PRS_ORG#"
I found
#EMAIL#
Let's go: 1. How do I log out of the #PRS_ORG# account and where: on the #PRS_ORG# or on the computer?
2. How do I sign in with the new email address?
Sorry, but I am not very familiar with these modernities
I am connected to the WiFi, but I do not know how I set it up, although I think the computer is easier
I am setting it up using the #PRS_ORG#
There, I get a page that says: Log in with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it is visible but when I click it, nothing happens
Now I'm back.
How can I know if you are online if the network has gone down?
Hello!
I purchased a few ebooks from the #PRS_ORG# website and they did not appear in the #PRS_ORG# app.
I checked in "my books" in my account on #PRS_ORG# and it only shows the books that I had already purchased.
Hello!
today, 27/2, if not, 14/2
No.
It's alright
THE SECRET OF MY TURBAN
#NAME#
or A HOLLAND HOUSE
it was another title
one of them, because none of the ones I bought showed up
They were 6 in total
All books that I bought until today have been in this account, either through #PRS_ORG# or other #PRS_ORG# (site)
Yes.
Yes, wait a minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, of course.
Sure.
That's correct.
yes
that
of course, it's this one.
correct
yes
1 minute
no, this is not the book
#URL#
Just a moment.
I only have 1 more that I bought right after, I'll send you the fiscal note
I did receive it, thank you very much
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is it
Do you know why it didn't directly enter in the #PRS_ORG# ?
All are available!!!!
Thank you so much!
:)
empty it?
I didn't understand
Ah yes, I understand
Thank you so much and have a good day!
I understand
Thank you very much.
Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive the e-mail to reset my access password.
My e-mail is #NAME#.
I did the request on the website and the e-mail doesn’t arrive, it’s not in the spams or in the trash.
I tried accessing the Livraria Cultura site and it informed me that there are two accounts with the same email.
I had an old book on my account that I want to recover.
Thank you
It's been a while since I made purchases, a long time.
The book I was looking for was by Patrick O'oneal, if I remember correctly "the surgeon's Mate"
Yes, I have tried by using the access of #PRS_ORG# and by accessing directly with #PRS_ORG#.
But it informs that there are two accounts with the same email.
When you try on #URL# what option do you select?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
this message pops up and I can't proceed.
I have another email, can you check if it's possible?
my email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access to that account.
ok
he rejects the address, "Missing city information".
and there is no field for putting the city...
Is there any specific format?
Even when selecting Brazil in the first place.
A Christmas Carol
Ok, it appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
If you can send the request to the higher level so that they can check if they can do something about it with my other account, I would appreciate it.
Ok, thank you very much for the excellent customer service.
Hello, I received an email saying that I will lose my credits if I do not pay for #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I have already asked for it and they have already blocked my account because I have a comorbidity and the doctor has forbidden me from going to the gym.
How do I do it?
I'm waiting for a reply.
I understand, but why charge if my account is blocked
I received this email.
Hello, I lost the chat here
Hello, next, as I have comorbidity I sent a request for my account to be blocked.
And in the meantime, I changed my card and they tried to charge me and it got put on hold and said that I would lose my credits
I cannot go back to the gym or sports due to medical recommendation
I need my account to remain blocked
OK, but will the charge be made?
why I can't go to the gym
I need a blockade to be done - I cannot go to closed spaces
by medical order
Hi, I'm #NAME#,
Thank you for contacting us about this and apologies for any frustration this has caused.
You must have received an email on October 29 notifying you that your subscription was deactivated on November 5.
I apologize if this was overlooked!
Given the circumstances, I was able to immediately put your account on an effective pause for that cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of $189 was refunded to your payment method on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method may have a longer processing time.
However, you should see this money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thank you for your patience!
Since your cycle date is on the 5th of each month, I have also put your account on hold for your next cycle starting on December 5th.
Your subscription will be renewed again on January 5, #NUMBER# in the plan of 30 credits per R$189/month.
You can make changes to your account at any time by going directly to your Account Settings.
I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any other questions.
Sincerely,
#NAME#.
this email that I received when I explained my situation
Good night
Hello #NAME#, good evening
I did today a zumba class at 7.30pm in the #PRS_ORG# gym, but the credits weren’t calculated for the gym.
the class shows up as canceled.
Kindly, could you debit the credits from my account to the gym?
When did that change?
Because the same thing happened on Tuesday and they regularized it through #PRS_ORG#
But the reservation was cancelled at the time of the class.
This probably happened because the manager did not send the link before but I am already part of the group in #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened twice and it worked through chat.
The school is in a different country, I can't make the financial transfer to the school.
could anyone help me out?
Hello, how are you?
Can you help me?
Could you help me?
another question: if I don't like it and cancel it before the 14 days free, it won't be recharged on my credit card, right?
Hello
I am up to review
could you transfer by a Brazilian attendant?
Could I be attended to in Portuguese, pls?
haha
but I wnat to choose another rate/value....less credits
I know there is a smaller plan which costs ##NUMBER## reals
my account
Portuguese
helloooo
just appear an option
for 15 credits
correct
#NAME#, Brazil.
I need help.
Is that wrong?
Yes.
thank you
But on mu login appers 14 days free
#NAME#, you've been here for a while and I can't resolve it...rs
I would like to reactive my plan
but automatically it is set for #NUMBER#
and I wanted to reactive it for #NUMBER# 15 credits
could you help me?
another question:
am I entitled to the 14 days free benefits?
in my login it appears
I can't change the cycle
Do you understand?
there it's automatically filled in with #NUMBER#
yes it can
a minute
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
follow
thank you
Hello, how are you doing?
Can I only see the values if I reactivate my subscription?
Hello, sorry.
Can we return to the chat?
Hello #NAME#.
How are you?
I wanted to analyze all the plans of #PRS_ORG# x values
but I can't find it on the site...
Do I need to first sign up for the trial for a few days to be able to access this information?
Okay.
Thank you!
puts
I have not been able to get my question answered yet
Can you help me?
I would like to reactivate
my account at the moment
but it only talks about automatic renewal of 30 credits...
I would like 15
Can you see for me how many credits the modality of a gym charges for registration?
So that I know how much to subscribe to?
the studio I am talking about is the #PRS_ORG#
Can you see that here?
Thank you very much
this is a massage session at the #PRS_ORG# gym located at Campo Belo.
our
All of that.
rs
And for me to change the automatic renewal of my subscription.
I saw that I can have 14 days for free and 10 credits...
can I cancel until what time to not have any charges?
How much time before can I cancel to not have the charge?
hello!
I would like to take a break from my plan.
Could you help, please?
hello there!
I would like to take a break from my subscription
I still have 25 credits to spend
but I don't want to renew my cycle for now
Is it possible to use those credits even with the subscription paused?
Great!
and I will not be charged during this period, right?
sure thing!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, will I still be able to use the credits I have left?
I understood.
I can take a pause for R$25, right?
I don't want to be charged R$#NUMBER# from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
so, I would like to know the best option so that I can use those credits and cancel the account later
I am on this page.
but the only option is R$35,00
The other person who was helping me sent me the following message
Now that state restrictions have been lifted and billing has restarted, we are no longer offering the free 1-month pause plan as a plan change option in your Membership Settings.
However, you can continue to pause your membership under our 0-credits access + digital/digital + credits access monthly membership plan 0-credits for R$25#NUMBER#.
Can you change that for me to be charged only R$ 25,00, please?
I understand!
And then they keep charging the $25.00 until I cancel the membership, right?
Ok!
If I make this change today, it will not be charged #NUMBER#, but 25.00, right?
that's great
Thank you!
No, that's all!
same to you too!
I wanted to know about the plans
Hello,
I noticed I am being charged on my credit card.
I have never used it, and I would like to cancel my subscription and be reimbursed for the months I have been unjustly charged.
Hi #NAME#!
I want you to immediately cancel the charges on my credit card.
I want to be reimbursed for the months that I have been charged inappropriately
I will take legal action against you
no.
I downloaded the app, didn't use it and canceled it
you have cobranded me for no reason
without my authorization
I do not want credits.
I want you to stop charging.
and I want my money back
you were charged inaccurately
not even the app I have anymore
I cancelled my account before not using it
I never used any lessons.
I am dissatisfied, I want to cancel and I want back the money that you have charged me invoiced.
Yes.
thank you
Who am I speaking to?
#NAME#
in addition to the prints of this conversation, I would like to register the agreement by email.
a week, right?
on February 1 #NUMBER#, you will make the reimbursement, right?
I already have the copy.
I want an email from you saying what was agreed here.
#EMAIL#
saying they cancelled it and they will refund me
Do you have my account?
Ok, thank you very much!
Hi there!
it doesn't help me with anything else, I'll save the email and the receipts.
thank you
Good day to you too!
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi, good night.
how do I cancel?
Hello #NAME#
Good afternoon.
Do you speak Portuguese?
Any phone for contact?
I would like to hire and have some questions
Do you offer personal individual plans?
Create an individual account (personal)
Any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - Rio de Janeiro - Brazil?
I didn't find it on the website
It's not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
What a pity
Niterói
I am in Brazil.
It doesn't seem like we have that, but thank you for your attention
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving unfair charges on the credit card
the charge is coming on the #PRS_ORG# credit card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of #NUMBER# card
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
there is just this one email
The charge was made on the card #NUMBER#, as shown in the photos.
This card was cancelled but the charge keeps coming up
To which email did we send it to?
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving unwarranted charges on the credit card
the charge is coming to the #PRS_ORG# card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of the card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous agent told me that this email is related to the phone number, right?
But they didn't take you into account
Okay, please carry out the cancellation and the refund process
to provide the refund process*
Just wait then?
Okay, will the money go directly into the bank account?
Since the card is canceled.
But if the card was cancelled, how will the reimbursement be done?
Should I verify this issue with the card administrators?
Okay, thank you
That's all for now, thank you very much
Good day
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the trial period
I am fine
I am fine.
OK
Option 3
I tried to cancel via the app but I am getting an error
In this case, #NUMBER# on my invoice will be refunded?
How do I change my plan to #NUMBER# reais?
I would like to get back  #NUMBER# reais, and just use 99 reais
It’s giving an error.
Is there any phone that can talk to you?
Still no
I only want to change the plan, and to receive a reimbursement of #NUMBER# reais
Okay
If I choose the 99/month plan, can I purchase separate credits?
In case someone misses a class
Okay.
Put me in the lowest plan (99/month) and partially reimburse the charge that was launched on the card bill
I have been attending a gym and my name has not gone into the system.
I made a request for this
Do you know if this issue has been resolved?
My yoga - #NAME#
Ok
I will contact the studio
Thanks
Good morning
We need budget for benefits to our customers.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# is it possible to arrange a meeting so we can discuss this
Good morning,
have a telephone cantatOH
how can we make an appointment
Good morning #NAME#
I need a budget or to schedule a meeting for benefits for our customers
