Well, it goes like this.
Yesterday I experienced an annoying incident.
I had just about 335,000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I logged in, I only had 776
Ok.
Yes I signed up yesterday through the PRS-ORG App.
Then I was thrown out and after I registered again, the coins were gone
So I myself did not buy anything.
As I said, I was online via the PRS-ORG app in order to do the SBC.
I was then logged out, and after a new sign-up, the coins were gone.
Could it be that it was bought differently?
Because I was at work when it all took place
It must have happened to my PRS-ORG then.
I was, as I mentioned at the time, at work and just annoyed about where my coins are now.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
Too bad that PRS-ORG can’t do anything about such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible for in-game purchases.
There is really still room for improvement.
Focusing on customers more than profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, this is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
If you're too good (Season 1 Elite €
the targets one can’t reach as can be seen on the picture
That's why experience is lacking for seasonal progression
Please automatically rate the goals as achieved if a “better” goal aka div 2 has been achieved.
No, it's about season experience
But I still take rewards so that's not it 😂
i. e. will the targets be unlocked?
Or will we get compensation because they are out of reach?
Since they apparently can't help me with the current problem.
Still a nice evening for you.
Good morning, our device would like for us to swipe the EC cards.
This is just not possible with our equipment.
What are we going to do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'm now watching your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently, we are managing the clinic so I'm not always on my mobile phone.
I'm going to tell the doctor this.
My boss is a doctor and now on duty.
It will clarify the issue from the main account later.
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind if I know your first name?
Hi NAME-M!
I still can't buy and sell players with the PRS-ORG app, only with PRS-ORG.
Please activate this feature as soon as possible, I’ve already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and played many games in PRS-ORG, and also purchased PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app, the game is only half as much fun. After all, I paid a lot for the game and I want to be able to use it completely!
That would be great, I won't have to buy a PRS-ORG without the feature.
Thanks for your help!
I have played in all modes and made numerous games in PRS-ORG already.
Couldn't this be speeded up?
That’s really a pity, it’s like losing the fun of the game.
Everybody else can buy and sell players using the app, but you cannot.
This is really not cool, what PRS-ORG are doing here.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and how one is then treated, that is not nice.
OK, what a pity, I'll try again soon. We'll hope it will work quickly.
Otherwise, I don't need the game anymore.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to reveal your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thanks, I am fine.
My PRS-ORG works fine, until I get to the easylauncher, when I see a black window opening and closing again.
No
I don't even get into the game.
I think it's because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked
However, I cannot undo this
Yes
No.
not before
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, however it's linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to devote myself to another subject.
I'm back.
Is there the possibility to provide product data via CSV import, for example, for a multitude of products / services?
Yes.
The link still exists.
I ask for some patience with my answers, since I too take some time to reply.
I would like to add a large number of articles with descriptions, etc. using csv-Import at once.
Is this function available?
I would like to apply a variety of items with descriptions, etc. via csv-import at once.
Is there this function?
The emphasis is on "plurality".
It is about the migration from another system
Thanks for forwarding!
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a device block because I supposedly violated the rules.
I wish they could be undone, so that at least I can start again.
Otherwise, I wouldn't know what to do with the game.
I cannot play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to at least be able to begin again and be given an opportunity.
The rest of the accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the possibility to create a new account and start again because I don't know what to do with the game if you understand me .
521160
No, I did not receive an email from your team.
I would like NAME-N.
Otherwise I would wait 45 days.
If, on the other hand, you can do nothing
The paper roll is not recognized
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I will transfer you to one of our support members.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, it’s nice to see you again🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I didn't understand that.
Could you please reformulate your question, NAME-M?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Just a second, I'm looking
I am now replying to your conversation with NAME-M.
no receipt will be printed
yes.
Error message - Printer has run out of paper.
Create a new role and try again.
everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
It’s brand new and today the printer is not working any longer because it doesn’t recognize the paper.
it is the original roll that was supplied in the device and this one is not recognized.
The items in the box are not detected either!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
I hope them too.
Umm, I have the following problem.
I sent a DSGVO inquiry yesterday and so far I have not received a reply.
How long will it take for this
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, therefore I would like to obtain information pursuant to DSGVO because I would like to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Okay, then I have to be patient.
I just hope that will clarify.
I put a lot of money into the game and also a lot of effort to win the players and train them.
Ok, I will wait for an answer.
Ok, thanks already for the help, thanks to them, too
Accidentally dismissed PRS-ORG
Yes thanks, you too.
The problem is:
Yes, thanks, I hope you are doing well too.
I accidentally repelled a player when I completed the PRS-ORG.
Can I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG as a gift from PRS-ORG on 20.12.
I've already talked with PRS-ORG and they also referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG has not arrived in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was activated via the account, but unfortunately the PRS-ORG have not been credited to the account to date.
Can you understand that?
You redeemed the code, but you don't have an PRS-ORG game?
I made the PRS-ORG.
And as I wanted to get them on the team, my controller fell down and I pushed it away.
I got an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link exactly, although I don't have a PRS-ORG or an account
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we've taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza)
and my predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how to turn this off
The problem is that there's no data from the predecessor, I
And I need to change this as quickly as possible because of the EC card payments and
They don't have a phone hotline
Unfortunately not from the predecessor.
we would essentially have to sign up again
Or what do you think is the idea?
ok, and how or where do I do this?
and what does it look like if the pizza delivery driver has to take the device with him.
OK, thank you. I will try it and get back to you if I have any questions.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Same here!
I spent twice 20 € on the PRS-ORG on October 31, but never received a transfer.
No I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I bought them but did not receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
On the PSN Store on PRS-ORG
1
Purchase: 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
I have both receipts.
Hello, I have not been able to finish my shopping for a few days.
How can the error be fixed?
EMAIL
This should have happened on 3/01.
so that I have to put in my credit card number again?
It didn't work out unfortunately.
No, my patience is finished today.
I have other things to do.
Maybe I will take another system.
Schade has always been very happy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts up.
Instead, a black screen will be displayed.
12 at the bottom.
I have already checked whether there was a block, but my history does not show any.
Correct.
The game does not start even though it worked without any problems so far.
System is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
It didn't work even with my two sons.
These people have other e-mail addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I will try it and contact you again.
I have purchased PRS-ORG to use the advertised crossplay in F1 22.
However, you cannot play with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore I demand a reimbursement and cancellation of the subscription at NAME-M.
If this is picked up, then I will gladly be a customer again.
EMAIL
I exchange experience with other ALPHANUMERICID drivers who have again accomplished something new, instead of enjoying the new part with everyone.
Other than that, things are good and I appreciate the question.
How was your day?
Do they annoy a lot of people?
Isn't it lousy that I, as a PRS-ORG Pro user, always have to help people?
NAME-M:
A bunch of flowers is always something wonderful.
Green is the color of hope, isn't it?
What's going to happen now?
That was all I wanted.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, just now I had a chat with NAME-F.
I told you about my case and you sent me a code (to verify myself) by mail so that you can forward the problem.
When I was back on the page of PRS-ORG, the chat had disappeared.
Here the code, just in case you might be able to use it.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I have just chatted with a NAME-F who works for PRS-ORG, I thought.
Yes I know it is about my brother who is 11 years old, which is why I contacted you.
His email is: EMAIL
Yes, I know this, it's about my brother who is 11 years old, that's why I am contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But there is no 6-digit code in my email.
What do I have to do now?
ebook
I downloaded a title via Onleihe about PRS-ORG on my PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says that it is not authorized for that
I carried out the authorization normally.
One title is "An Immoral Special Offer"
Yes exactly, that I use
I
I will try it again and otherwise I will report this case separately
Thank you!
Unfortunately this hasn’t worked out. To whom can I turn?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp
You can help me?
users of the PRS-ORG trial access cannot use the web app
I get this message when I start the web app
Why is that?
My PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG email?
Clear, thanks.
Thank you, that is very kind.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I'm very angry right now.
Just chatted with one of their colleagues and as I followed his advice, now I can't even get in to my PC.
PRS-ORG has released an update.
Now my normal password no longer works.
So, yeah.
But now PRS-ORG no longer starts and I no longer have access to the PC because it now apparently wants a PRS-ORG password which I don't have!
I had previously a number or.
Numeric code
Now, I cannot even enter a payment
An easy thing became a huge problem!!!
Damn.
But I did not want to.
Was lost together with my note sheet for passwords
Alex, this cannot be true!!!
All because of the great tips from her colleague!!!
Thank you very much.
What nonsense is he telling me?
This can now take forever again
Yes.
Forward me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is what can I do for you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, it must be exchanged.
Now, I am on my way, and do not have the device with me.
I will probably have to get back to you.
Many thanks.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I will be back later when I can read off the serial number.
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would like to ask you to update this so that I can change my login data and so that a copy of the invoices can also be sent to me.
It will now be EMAIL
Exactly.
Previously it was EMAIL, and now the one listed above.
The URL says now, but I could change this for the invoices, etc., myself.
My concern is that I log in and get a copy of the receipt.
Yes, I am, it took a while to write:-)
I have sent an email a few days ago, but have not yet received a reply
But I'm writing another one, thank you dear :-)
Thank you!
No, thank you:-) Have a nice day!
Best regards,
Dear sir or madam,
I bought several PRS-ORG on 01.01.2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount was double paid.
I am requesting an examination and a refund.
Regards NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01/01/2021, one of them is "Bloody Shackles"
But I have received all of the books, as when I placed my first order I was asked to try again.
But I like to wait for your feedback.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would not like to return a initially ordered sum up.
To this end, I order the PRS-ORG.
First question: I can enter the amount at the terminal with the PRS-ORG and do not need an app?
Second question, how does the return work?
Exactly, that air I would like to send back.
After that, I order the PRS-ORG.
Gladly, I will be back at the device in 10 minutes.
Is it possible for the NAME-M not to be lost?
Not that I have to start all over again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi my name is NAME-F
I am doing well.
I really would love to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC doesn’t have a CD drive.
Can PRS-ORG be downloaded anywhere, or will it eventually become available for download again through PRS-ORG?
Does that mean I can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and want to install them on another pc?
Can I then save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there absolutely no chance?
Okay, I will see. Maybe they find a solution.
Thanks a lot anyway!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can I ask your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the Series s yesterday.
However, I have not received the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where is my points?
I bought PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday and downloaded it.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
Do I want to have the points promised me in the version?
But why don't I get them from the 27th?
Okay.
Thank you very much.
I'm waiting.
I am frustrated by the fact that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and I don't own any wars.
I just wish they would come as soon as possible.
Otherwise, advance access will not serve me any purpose.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I wanted to ask what the problem is... I've been playing on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG since release + early access, but the transfer market (web app/companion app) is still unlocked... something here must be wrong... I really need this... Best regards
And YES, I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others, more than 10 matches a day
Yes, exactly.
yes but i play for 3 weeks
how is it possible that it is not unlocked yet...
play every day actively
There is something about that that doesn't work
If I am not enabled after 1 month, what happens then?
can you help me?
It is enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or do both have to be actively played, both PRS-ORG as well as PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you!
happy day, I hope this one finally goes through soon... it's a real crazy system with the "playing in" you have.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, it works, but please could you help me? I wanted to top up 12k points via the web app today, however, unfortunately, I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the moment.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because that's ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really great if you could do that.
I play since ALPHANUMERICID... if you are interested in my age, I am 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you have saved me the day and I am extremely grateful to you.
In future I will check 3 times what I have clicked on.
Have the points already been transferred?
Ok, one moment please
Great, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how may I assist you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We can not make a connection to the cellular network.
We've already restarted it, took the sim card out and put it back in, different locations, but it's not working.
It is possible, though, with wireless internet.
PHONENUMBER
is turned off...
starts up again
I logged in and now he's looking again.
connected to the wlan
It works.
also with the mobile network
can you tell me, why it works now?
So we can avoid the mistake.
We have had this error since yesterday and suddenly it works again????
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Thank you, me too.
PRS-ORG yes
This isn't the problem.
I can log onto the servers without any problem
However, when the audwhl of game statuses comes and I press ok, my game is I suspect zoomed in too close.
I can therefore see nothing
NAME-M then I am curious, thanks a lot for your help
No, otherwise it was going well, it just confused me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I shouldn't have done that.
But honestly, who looks at the small print when opening a package.
I bought this game more expensively.
And I would also like to be able to use my advantage
In any case a new pack will come out.
Will I have to worry about anything?
Very nice.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the name of the club in the goals.
The task has also been completed, but the club's name has not changed.
To be precise, it is the short form, which you then see at the top in the game.
Email: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or the PRS-ORG account, which is also RufusNasedo
I believe I confirmed it.
I am not sure myself.
Is there any possibility that it can still be changed via the support?
Typical for the company with regards to customer service, but I appreciate it nonetheless.
There is nothing more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
just chatted with a colleague from you already
my game no longer starts after the update.
NAME-M I am ^^
724742
Her colleague just sent me an email that is the code
what exactly?
EMAIL
Well, after the update today the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG opened and won't start
Graphics driver installed newest one installed
Play repair
no more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello, The PRS-ORG Desktop App showed me that I would get 4600 PRS-ORG with the title "More PRS-ORG," but when I buy PRS-ORG, I got it, but I didn't receive any Points.
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you!
Did you write a message?
I think I received one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When do I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just completed the PRS-ORG abo
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version.
but I was told that I get PRS-ORG 4600
Can I cancel PRS-ORG and receive a refund?
All clear I'll try it, dnake
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello,
I unexpectedly received a message stating that logging in is not possible at PRS-ORG when logging in.
I can no longer log into my account and the password recovery email seems to have not been sent again.
*w ill
It is EMAIL
118850
If the code
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you.
NAME-M_TEXT: Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When is label ALPHANUMERICID coming?
Withdrawal 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I didn't receive the money
Only the final amount of 43 francs has been paid out.
43.83
So, the money I do not have, they need to verify it, not I
Yes, that is what I did
But I didn't get the amount of 2579.91
Hello
I bought a PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I cannot buy any books from you, because I only have a PRS-ORG EC-card.
Can I also issue a debit authorization?
EMAIL
Until now I wasn't able to shop because I couldn't pay.
And of those payment options, none are for me.
As I mentioned, I just have the option of paying with the debit card from the Sparkasse or giving them a standing order.
Even transferring money to her would be possible.
It's a pity, in that case I must send the purchased PRS-ORG back.
Only those, who give me one of my listed payment options
I thank them also.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I bought PRS-ORG, but I do not have access to the PRS-ORG Web App
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I only played PRS-ORG and continued older parts.
PRS-ORG not
Do I need to make a PRS-ORG first?
The web app has however already been running for 2 days, so I see a disadvantage there, only by 27/09
Get access to PRS-ORG
Where do you come from?
Their grammar is not 100%, but since I'm older, I can often infer the meaning.
Thank you for the help.
You too
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable enable PRS-ORG
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:In addition, please only ask me one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, Your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you ask your question briefly and unambiguously, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I am passing you on to one of our support team members.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I did not understand that.
NAME-M, please could you reformulate your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look that up
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Sure, thank you!
Great, thank you for the info.
Otherwise, everything works perfect.
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
This morning I found out in my app that my transfer market does not work anymore. Can you provide me with information about that?
There it says I received an email, but unfortunately I did not. That's why I'm coming to the support section.
Yes
I have been buying and selling players through the night to earn coins so I can improve my PRS-ORG
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
I also buy regularly in the PRS-ORG store depending on how they look. Of course, I'm not a bot or something.
Unfortunately, the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market.
All clear, thank you for your time:)
I hope for good news
To start the game again with joy 😊.
Have a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game "Battle for Middle-earth 2"
As soon as I get 68%, I get the message that the file CS01 has been installed.
vp6 is missing.
There was only a "Try Again" and "Cancel" options.
It just takes a minute and I need to start the installation again.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
Yep, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry copying the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
Not right now.
I will try out the solution to the feed problem.
If I have to deal with any more issues I will report back again.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And the ball then goes left to the only opponent, free standing and over a range of several meters. What is that exactly called?
&gt;Otherwise I wouldn’t have specified it as play PRS-ORG
Please, in understandable German this time.
Your sentence just then was a bad accident.
What exactly did you wish to tell me?
Yes, the situation that I described to you.
Do you actually think about what you write for at least 5 min in every answer?
“The situation you mentioned is a technical bug!”
Yes, I do believe that too
However, exactly the same bug happened last year as well.
That, I also reported to you.
Amongst others in your PRS-ORG
And during that, I was informed by your PRS-ORG_rephii that all of this should be considered correct
May it be done by you
One of you apparently doesn't have such a good relationship with the truth.
How do I return the PRS-ORG reader?
Return device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
It will be easiest for me to help if you are clear and concise in what you want, for example "How do I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT:Please also only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Do you want to return a device, or do you want information on the status of a return or a refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Send device back,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
I am now forwarding you to one of our support staff, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I'll look into it.
Listen to your conversation with NAME-M now.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought a PRS-ORG device in order to test it out at a trade show, however, we would like to return it.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we will happily send it back.
We bought it on 11/28.
Unfortunately it's lying at home.
Then I must look again when I am home.
Thanks, I'll do that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you give me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thanks for your help:)
All well, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game, the quest to unlock “Fleet-A-Pita” doesn't start, the quest should be called “Investors”.
Sure thing :)
Oh, no.
I still don't have the NAME.
Then it must certainly lie in this
Thanks for your quick help:) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these in the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but haven't gotten them yet.
Gladly.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I need to do?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, I am currently having some problems with playing the PRS-ORG Legends.
For around 2 weeks now, there have been approx.
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates lie.
My own figure is not at fault.
At the end of the round I cannot exit the game anymore and have to start the application all over again.
What could be the cause of this?
The internet connection works without any problems.
I have seen all the links, and we have already tried everything.
For example, I changed the DNS server and tried to do this during times of low load.
With other games it works without problems and individual rounds work without problems.
Might it not, after all, lie in the servers?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
Its length is 5 m; the cable was just installed 3 days ago in order to be able to preclude any defects.
Ok, I'll report the bug.
Thank you very much and have a lovely day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
Just a moment, I'll look
I am going to listen to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of a chat with your colleague
I have an announcement
i have tested PRS-ORG bills and have gone too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like to delete the test invoice so I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice?
It says extra test statement.
But I need to get rid of them.
no booking is made as a result.
This was a test where I went too far
No payment will be made.
I just entered this as a test.
But then you paid as if I
This is not correct.
Why do you simply set my "invoice section" to 0?
Nothing has been done yet
Then please close my account and I will set up a new one.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
I wanted to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code has been sent to you.
After trying to sign up with a different device, the given password was invalid.
I tried to reset it, but it doesn't work either.
Can you please help me?
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you
Unfortunately, nothing came of this.
893361
So an email is coming with the password I should use, right?
Which code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thanks a lot!
I opened a PRS-ORG account with an email address many years ago which is no longer of any use to me.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately I also accidentally opened a second account with another email address
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to merge these two accounts, otherwise I will always switch
Visitor • 16:11:55 German: In diesen Feldern der Füllung 33 kann dann vom Schwingkopf 13 ein weiterer Aetzprozess mit noch höherer Fliessgeschwindigkeit erzeugt werden, so dass sich die Füllung 33 unter diesen konzentrierten Effekten noch weiter in das Substrat 11 einarbeitet.
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like to leave everything running about EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Could you help me with that?
What email address did you send the code to?
On which email address did you send the code?
I got nothing.
I try to check the spam.
Very good
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Many thanks
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Nothing else will work?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So are you going on PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Apart from that, please only ask one question at a time so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
It is most helpful if you formulate your questions in a concise and unambiguous way, for example, “How can I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Just a moment, I'll transfer you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
Wait a moment, I'll have a look at it.
I will join your conversation with NAME-M now.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I have received the confirmation e-mail
Thanks, everything is done for today.
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was suspended on the transfer market.
Alleged coin dispensing.
But that cannot be.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and have already invested 400€.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Okay.
I hope the sanction against me is removed!?
I am aware of no culpability!
Last night I was still in the game and things were still under control.
Also made some parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to check the transfers on the app, and it came up with the message that I was blocked and the info to deposit some coins.
I cannot understand and comprehend it!
That is why I am very much looking forward to your help.
I immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year at PRS-ORG.
It was proven I was hacked and blocked on the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
I've wanted to play Battlefield again for years and have now switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
At the start of the game the message came up that I had to renew my password.
That's what I've done, but I'm still not getting into the game.
The same message always comes up - Change password.
I can register with PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address, and if I want to log in via the PS Icon comes up the password reset again?
Exactly.
Then the notification comes up to renew the password, or errors with PRS-ORG.
Despite password resetters
Thank you!
My email is, EMAIL, for the PS, I have the same email
Okay.
I am looking at it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22
I received the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player, and the item totw.
The OTW item is, however, missing and has not appeared in my account despite logging in and out.
Can you help me?
My first name is NAME-M, I'm sorry I read it wrong.
The email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much for the information, then I am reassured!
Thank you :)
That's all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
What about you?
I have the problem that I cannot download the German commentary language at PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
ALPHANUMERICID Error
I am pleased.
With great pleasure.
:-)
Thank you for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to be German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
But I would also like to see the comments in German.
Okay, thank you so much.
I will try.
With great pleasure.
Thank you and have a beautiful day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi
I was told I could redeem my token in one hour, it has been 2 hours and it is still not done
How can that be? I had colleague who told me, a token is allocated to me.
I lost a token because of a game error???
how can it be that I don't get a token then?
I even have a clip
why do they now say something different than in the other cases?
I saved a clip, but I cannot get started pressing the 'Start' button. The game disappears.
and I should receive a defeat
This is not because of my internet, but because of the game.
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I see it, the gentleman ahead of you has incorrectly recorded all this.
You are giving me two different answers.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I'll look it up.
Now, replay me NAME-M's conversation with you.
Hello, the touch screen button for "Pay" no longer works on my PRS-ORG device.
And I can't turn the device off anyway because it is the same touch screen button.
I have to quickly check how it's called.
PRS-ORG
precisely
the bottom key does not work
since more than 3 weeks
OK
No.
Hello I am NAME-M
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
I'm doing quite well :) I just have one problem with my PRS-ORG.
However, I am unable to buy a PRS-ORG, because the error message is: "At the PRS-ORG checkout, there was a problem.
Please try again later."
arrives.
Exactly, that's right
I try to buy points on the PC and/or in PRS-ORG.
I have tried that too.
But even that doesn't work.
The message comes through that I have to deserve it in order to access the transfer market.
A few months ago, I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any problems without receiving an error message.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi rohan, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, I hope that you are as well, of course.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I have nothing to do with it I have a TRADING list with players I sell at a higher price and players go ahead and that's a way more expensive and today I received a ban.
But when I look at my ban history, there is no email there.
Is there no history there and I have not received an email why I was suspended
Because this message really shocked me, since I really enjoy playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly I can't use more
Okay, that would be nice, especially since I won a prize from NAME-M a while back, and my team was able to improve thanks to him.
And now I'm banned, which is very silly since I really enjoyed playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be nice.
I have to go back to work now, is it possible that I can reach them again?
I just leave customer chat on
My plotting machine is defective.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you the best if you phrase your questions briefly and clearly, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please also always ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, it seems that an error has just occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I will forward you to one of our support agents who will take care of your concerns.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I am checking.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
The chip reading device works.
However, when it is supposed to read in a card, the card is not read.
The problem has existed for about a month with the PRS-ORG device.
I have several customers who pay with card.
So, the multiple card issue was a problem
Unfortunately not at the moment.
Because I am not in the store.
I would like
Thank you!
can you also be contacted by telephone?
No thanks.
They helped me a lot.
Wish you a nice work day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since today I have a problem in a game.
Since today the problem exists in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera shift so that it is impossible to play.
No modifications have been applied.
The day before everything was running perfectly.
I can play this game.
But today it is unplayable with many bugs.
the camera is moving on its own during game play
No I don't receive any error.
It started when I was in the middle of playing a game.
Okay, that sounds great.
Thank you for the help.
Unfortunately, with this bug it is not playable.
Have a nice evening.
No, thank you.
Thank you very much for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Yeah, I'm doing pretty well.
I also hope for you.
I can't get into the clubs in the PRS-ORG version
What can I do?
with me, it always says that data will be loaded for the clubs.
How can I re-search?
review
But I'm just a member.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, here's NAME-M
I was unable to find any way to give feedback to the developers.
Therefore I am posting this as the current situation in game is simply not bearable.
The biggest problem in PRS-ORG are cheaters and smurfers currently.
Here is a good solution for you.
Whom can I send it to?
I am looking forward to this with great pleasure.
Thanks very much.
Thank you very much.
And have a wonderful day
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
Our email address for our account access is: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, as we have cancelled the subscriptions.
We must therefore change the email address used to access PRS-ORG.
Can we do this ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
Payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have already done this and we hope that we have done everything correctly.
Can you at least check that?
All clear, NAME-M.
Thank you for your help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes I had a great day today, I hope you did too.
I was just about to start my PRS-ORG, but an error message said that the game could not be started.
Initialization error when booting.
When I press on play I get the error message: Can not be started.
Initialization error during start-up: {DEVICEID:DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}
I've already repaired the play area 2x
I just found out it had something to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disturbance.
But, thank you for the help.
Stay healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
played draft, singles and 2 v 2.
The game showed an error message and he has left the game now I am back in and my draft has ended after a game.
Okay, and what do I do now, because it says redeem the reward after a game?
For the second time.
The first time the first draft was there it apparently happened because of the PLAYER NAME-M.
Yes there was
Then something about a system error came up and I was immediately gone from PRS-ORG.
I also reported the disturbance immediately, by clicking on it.
Should I redeem the reward and will I get my draft token back anyway?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order
Yesterday, I purchased 2,100 PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG store for 17.49€, but still have not received them.
What is the reason?
Yes, you can.
Do you need something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that
I have also tried to check the webapp if the points have already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send them to
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG.
If I register myself, I would like to confirm with my old number (ends in 277) and not with my new number.
In my PRS-ORG account is my new number.
And I am also unable to access my old.
I would like to sign up at PRS-ORG to get various bonuses.
Yes
As mentioned before, I cannot register with PRS-ORG, since I am supposed to verify with my old cell phone number, which no longer exists in my account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to sign up with PRS-ORG and then confirm over my old mobile phone number with PRS-ORG
The problem is not with PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in the settings of my account my old mobile number is obviously still available & I should verify using this
My email address is EMAIL
I've already specified my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
I even managed to verify my registration at PRS-ORG with my new number.
Only when I sign up for other pages, but not me, I'll try it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
I had 300 PRS-ORG and got a draft token with it.
When I tried to start the game, the picture went black and it stopped working.
So I had to restart the game.
After that I noticed that my points and token are gone.
This is not the first time that I have had this happen to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing about connection, and my connection was also OK.
But that happens from time to time in the middle of the
I was simply signed off from the servers although the internet is there.
Yes, my email address is EMAIL
It's all right, I've got time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you mind telling me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I submitted the case of my hacked account with case number: #PHONENUMBER on Tuesday 9:00.
How long will it take for it to be processed? Approximately that is.
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I'm doing well and them?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope that the user ID is written correctly, I am not sure at the moment.
I am glad that you have had a nice day so far!
OK, that's fine, thank you, I am looking forward to fast processing.
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, well, how about you?
My problem is that:
Approximately since
For example, after a month I can no longer start an online game in PRS-ORG with PS+.
I've tried installing it hundreds of times but each time I try to start a game I am kicked out with the message "The connection to the opponent was broken".
I have already contacted PRS-ORG customer service, but they were unable to resolve my issue.
Now I would like to ask if you have any other ideas to solve my problem...
Okay thank you, of course it's all right!
Yes, we are still connected.
I'm sorry I haven't written in a while.
Thank you for the trouble you went to in trying to help me.
That sounds great!
Should I try it right away to see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I'm trying PRS-ORG.
No, it is all here.
Thank you very much and a nice weekend!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
was already at PRS-ORG before and they couldn't help me..
I preordered PRS-ORG and also bought PRS-ORG to play the game for 10 hours.
I have already logged in more than once, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and re-downloaded PRS-ORG.
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for assistance and in the meantime I came to the point that I would like to have my PRS-ORG ticket refund.
however, I am sure that it should work any minute.
Please check it out further in the meantime.
What do you want to tell me with that?
Yeah sure, I would also like to
Or you will refund me the 4 euro immediately and I'll wait until the 27th.
I have no more time to waste.
Yes, well, if I can't play the game even though I paid money for it again, that would be very nice of you.
if they can not solve this problem from 2 people from the support.
Yes so please return me my money back if nothing else happens here.
Okay, thank you.
ok, it's all clear, the email has arrived, thank you!
yes thanks
wasted 3 hours thank you
ne, all is fine, that is enough
No, I do not like.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I only get such sick opponents with mbappe Zidane and slles
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents on my level, damn it.
And why do I have such a great momentum in my soiel?
Digga I'm 2 meters in front of the goal and hit post
Now the game is still running
Digga, give me my money back, I even smash the CD in the video.
I play PRS-ORG since I get dressed but what should that be?
My account was hacked and two players I owned were sold and one was bought dearly, then it was sold for a cheap price.
The players who were gone from my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalie NAME-M
I changed my passwords right after that.
But I would love to have the players back.
I have now changed it
I am logged off from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hey, NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I feel fine after a long day of work.
I hope you are well too.
I have the following problem: I finished the PRS-ORG winter-wildcards daily registration goal today.
The final part goal was achieved by SBC today after 7pm on the App via mobile phone.
After that, I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's login, as well as the reward for the overall target, the winter wildcard player pack.
But there it was reported that the PRS-ORG was disabled.
I then looked in the shop.
However, I did NOT receive both packs.
What can you now do to check this?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Thank you very much for the information!
I will wait a little longer.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:In addition, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant. 🤖
I can help you best if you format your questions briefly and clearly, for example: "How do I change my e-mail address?"
{ChatWindowButton:Send device back,Status of your return shipment}
NAME-M_TEXT:Alright.
I will connect you now to one of our support staff who will take care of sending back your device.
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
One moment, please. I'll check.
Listen to your conversation with NAME-M now.
Hello,
I would like to send back my 3G device
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much
No, that was it) thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello I'm NAME-M and I just got kicked out of a chat.
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thanks.
Can you find out what the number was about?
I think my concern has been solved!
Many thanks to you and your colleague.
Thanks and nice evening to both of you!
No, thank you!
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I had asked on Thursday and had received this number PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I'm right here
I am NAME-M
I just wonder, why I can no longer get the pre-order packs, I received those on the PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the X-Factor version.
And I switched to the PlayStation 5 3 weeks ago, but I can't get this pack.
It's all about NHL 22
What do you want to know?
I just got this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account at the PRS-ORG 5 that I have at the 4.
And when will that happen?
I do not want to play the PRS-ORG version any more now.
I hope it works in some way and someday, because for that 100,00€ was a lot of money.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind if I ask what your first name is?
Hi my name is NAME-M and my question would be, why can't I pre-order PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
At my friends it worked, but here this problem occured that I can't manage it
since it has been possible to pre-order PRS-ORG
So that has been going on for a while.
When you pre-order it in the game you will also get a discount of 10%
Okay then I'll try it this way
in the email settings?
OK, I have activated it.
Do you know how long it can take?
no, that would be all
Thanks for the quick help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask after when can you download PRS-ORG for es Play?
Whether it may possibly already go Wednesday 00:00 ?
Yes, I ordered the 99 euro version even before it was released
But is there any chance to find out beforehand, because I would like to run the download over night.
I took extra holiday for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M my name is NAME-F.
A few days ago, I bought the game "PRS-ORG Mittelalter und Piraten" via "PRS-ORG."
The middle age installation worked smoothly, however the Pirates one did not work.
I have waited a few days now and wanted to play beforehand, now I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
thank you
I could only see the PRS-ORG.
under download manager pirate download is finished
If I go to my game store is marked PRS-ORG medieval play and "new extension ready to install"
then I click on pirate on to download, but it does not work.
I am now going to try out your link and get back to you in case it does not work.
thanks a lot for the chat and for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts, which are actually under the same email address.
One for the PRS-ORG and one for the PRS-ORG.
The normal registration via e-mail takes me to my PRS-ORG account, which is all well and good, however, my PS account is not in the account information.
Then I made the registration via PRS-ORG registration with the same email, and my account is linked to that of my ex-boyfriend... how in hell is this possible?
We never linked it at the time.
I'd like to unlink it from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data do I come on your Acoount?!
When I enter MY login data, I get to HER* account
Right.
I unfortunately cannot remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I will have to contact PRS-ORG once again..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
And, I have the problem that I preordered PRS-ORG, however I didn't receive the 4600 points.
anyway I have that problem that I preordered PRS-ORG but didn't receive the 4600 points
EMAIL
Today is the 27th and that's why I wonder why they are not here.
I already get along quite well with PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG22.
I also have access in advance.
Most of them have also already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG mode, but unfortunately did not receive the corresponding reward.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both parts of the task, but unfortunately have not received the icon pack.
Exactly
How can I get my reward now?
About 20-30 min ago
So, the package should have been here for 24 hours now?
That is what I will do but I did not get the stuff.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M, my game is still not starting... I've been here today
EMAIL
I'm a bit frustrated...
Yes, this is about PRS-ORG
the game does not start
no the game does not start, one time, I could start the game
No, none at all. When I press 'games' the PRS-ORG gets minimized and maximized again after a while.
Then nothing happens.
I already have that.
Hello, it's working again, thank you!
