Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you by e-mail about my PRS-ORG.
My whole team was sold and parcels were bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified email address no longer exists.
to change my login details I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
from NAME-F
that's good
e-mail address: EMAIL
No?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where to do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but I didn’t get it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
January 2, 2021
Book's title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated with the payment
He is in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, 52 euro but I can't download them as sound files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please respond quickly, as I have already paid
How long does a couple of minutes last with you?
My windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it is not downloading anything.
If your information at the time of purchase was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I would prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the people responsible for the website to correct the information?
That could help me in the future if I would order something from ng.
I just logged out on advice and logged in again, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the ereader
when I want to pay I am redirected to payment method which was never the case. It's very small illegible letters and then it asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale
normally it was very simple to confirm a purchase and done
so if I understand it right
remove everything through website first
re-enter and how to sync PRS-ORG
I mean with the e-reader
I'm going to try again for now thank you if it doesn't work i'll contact mrgr
I will contact you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can no longer get into it)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link does not come in my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that is correct.
And then I can't log in to that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I’ll try it right away.
Yes, I understand, temporarily the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w word.
Now it seems to work...
Yes, everything is fine!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is quite small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
And close.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocket book, but I don't have a download option in my books under my account.
Could this be correct?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that be affecting this?
This is the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read now, View details, Mark as completed, Write review, and Delete.
Why was this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
In that case, the trial has failed.
I can't open book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It is about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I am being thrown out more and more.
The other books I can open.
It's just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!it works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon by now
Meanwhile
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG I saw it today
What about PRS-ORG points that I bought from the Microsoft store for PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them, they say I have to contact you
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's talk first about the PRS-ORG point purchases
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My EMAIL account with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with the helpdesk, in English, but it didn’t go well.
Now I can no longer log in, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working on it for years and would now like to continue / solve it.
How nice that you can type in Dutch.
Yes, please, and then see if I can get my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
I’ve tried it a few times, but it doesn’t work yet.
I created a 2nd account, that works.
I noticed that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Want to reset it again?
yes, after a reset password now succeeded, thanks a lot!
I'm now checking if my game is also on there..
But my game is not in the list.
Can you help me with that as well?
Oh, I can see my orders in the history.
Great, keep watching.
Thank you!!
no, in browser
I can now feel it, thank you again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I subscribed to a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app, it gives an error message and does not start.
If I click on “try again” I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the Playstation does not fix the problem.
Re-downloading the app also didn't work.
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only that discount I don’t get it automatically yet.
In addition, from 22 September, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG.
I need the PRS-ORG hub for that, right?
So when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get 10% discount through that, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, even though that should be the case
How do I contact them about this?
So on September 22, I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play it by 10 am?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
But not your colleague.
I gave it a bad bad review.
I'll give you one in return.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I cannot access my transfer market on the web app.
It's going well, thank you!
Thank you, my psn name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yes, I had that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing and on the web app it is not yet open.
I have played many games already and that is also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after so many matches it still hasn't been achieved.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find that book again.
I have tried everything.
After that I recommended another book and that went well
EMAIL
17 May 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment is processed.
But I can't find the book again.
I have tried all kinds of things.
After that I bought another book and that went well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's beside it
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I have installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find them anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
bought my first e-book yesterday at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I have been trying to get that all day on the new e-reader...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and already received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I've already tried several cables and laptops, but the same thing everywhere.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and caused a fault.
Also, I can no longer perform updates/ synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much for the reply!
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader, so I don't use the account for that
Then I have the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
The e-reader has since been reset, but it still doesn't connect to the laptop.
The reader shows that it is connected, and that it is charging, but on the laptop it still says that access is refused.
USB device not recognized...
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried all kinds of things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read online stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
the title of a book is 'if you are so smart, why are you not happy?'
Thanks NAME-M, a nice day to you too.
I'll let you know once you've found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers do not recognize my ereader either
I have already emptied the drivers and followed several advices I found on the internet
i use the supplied cable, and have even tried the cable of another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that either
my proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don’t know if I want to go back to PRS-ORG, my trust in PRS-ORG has decreased somewhat because of this
tried the factory settings too.
this problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the USB ports could still work
but I think it is a better idea to contact PRS-ORG because I don’t have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves
thank you.
I just quickly looked at it, but it's not in there.
The USB ports work perfectly.
I will contact PRS-ORG
thanks for the input
thank you NAME-M
no, I will continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 days dutchman was the most recent ebook
Good evening.
I will wait.
I already ask my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 ebooks.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after I had made them.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of ebooks that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app my e-books that I read via my Plus subscription.
So I assume that some e-books will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
Hundreds, I mean.
I see.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get money back deposited
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days further now and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need.
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my 30% discount code wasn't working
she indicated that she would just make the payment and I would receive 30 euro back within a few hours
unfortunately I have not received anything on my account yet
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
I am only surprised that you will repay my money and NAME-F also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would already be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication of when it will be credited, I will be more than satisfied
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
I am completely with it and have purchased all the new e-books by goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days that is clear.
So by next Thursday at the latest
Thanks, you've helped me well and have a nice evening
I'll fill that out
unknown_issue
I see recommendations from PRS-ORG.
Very often I tap on a book and then it says that I have to pay.
How is this possible when I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
OK
But I can download other books for free, such as PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Those 15 books is that per month.
Must delete read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don't see a repair
Done
I still pay for recommendations.
I know not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is listed under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it without any costs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
The game was probably saved using data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
but I didn't delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I’m of course going to lose my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Cannot load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer.
11:50
however, I didn't delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I will have lost my progress.
I don’t know if I fully understand it.
So I start a new game.
Then I will go to bed.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a little patience
Typing takes a long time
In order to play certain games, I have to sign up with a PRS-ORG account.
If I create an account and use my own email address, it says it is already in use.
That's right,  there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account is automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I'll see if I can do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice of UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
I would, of course, like to take this NAME-M.
But since I first checked his player details my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
Unfortunately I now also suffer from color blindness so I already have difficulty seeing which pick I indicate.
Especially since I was on NAME-M and it just bounces back.
I'm really bored with it.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but I don't think that's where I put my gamertag?
I did take a photo to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
It just strikes me as very odd that I'm on NAME-M, looking at his player bio.
Back and then press X to choose this player, suddenly the choice has changed to Tapsoba.
No it doesn’t matter, even though I would like to admit that it was my fault for selecting and then selecting ‘yes’ again.
But by then the 'bug' or quirk had already happened in my opinion.
But when nothing can be proved.
Very unfortunate this
Yes, you may do so.
And what might be the consequences of this?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink by NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this...I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
It said there that my subscription expired on 14 March 2018....!
When I tried to log in via URL and I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription has been terminated because the financial data was incorrect ...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
The last deduction was made in December 2020.
Not that I know of.....in August 2017 I purchased the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After half a year it turned out that I had a subscription to both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG ... don’t ask me how that can happen ... but 1 subscription was cancelled.
I have then faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
The last withdrawal was on December 14.....
14 December 2020
So reactivate PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG again?
I'm going to try that..... thank you for your help....... if it doesn't work I'll be back!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I tried to buy the book PRS_ORG.
It has been written off, but it is not in my account.
can you make sure he comes into my account?
thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be him
It is in my account
Thanks!
I don't have my e-reader with me
but things will work out
thanks for the help
no it is fine
thanks!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already busy chatting, right?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL, the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that URL is listed.
That is correct.
And on the e-reader under settings (so the device) EMAIL .
The latter e-mail address will soon expire and should therefore also be set to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, it is important that it is also mentioned on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I don't understand.
I have to log out the old email address in the device under settings/accounts subcategory PRS-ORG.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I have to unsubscribe from the pocket category?
And with adobe, the withdrawal of accreditation now also includes the old email address.
Will it be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I am really a digibeet
And do I run the risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved in my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did get this book
Here is proof of my payment
Thank you for your reply.
These are the two books.
See above picture
You can also see in my account that I didn't receive those two books
- Date on which the charges were billed: 7 June 2023
Amount: € 24,98
- Postal code (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further data of payment on the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of the credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book 'The Seventh Sister' on May 6 at 20:05, but I cannot sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I also do not see it in my account on PRS-ORG Recruits.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date right away
Yes
Look it up..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I'm going to do it.
I found the book!
:) Thanks so much for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem?
Have you seen my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't adjust this, I have tried everything.
when i start up PRS-ORG I can't connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a long time..
That is correct.
I have sent you a screen shot with my status.
this remains on gray and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packs (PS4) but I would like to play them on the PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It would be a shame (unpleasant) if I had to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that can be done in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress anywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your reply and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven’t been active on my account for a long time.
I would now like to sign up but this is not possible.
The verification code that was sent is also going to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I don't receive an email.
*also not at unwanted
I have already tried that, but I have not received any email.
If I want to create a new one I get a message that there is already an account at that mail address
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, I'm having trouble installing PRS-ORG from a DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code.
I am NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
sure.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy shop
Newly bought anyway
That's good, I'll wait a while
This does not seem correct to me.
The code was not sold as a time-limited code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can check whether the code works?
Because here at home the installation on the PC doesn't work at all.
So we have not yet reached the point of entering the code.
I bought a stand alone DVD player just for this game this week!
I'm going to try that.
will you wait a bit?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
It must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and did not install the game we bought ourselves.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG says it will contact you.
This subscription has been cancelled prior to renewal, thus the reminder is not applicable.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already terminated this, before the extension.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated
Yes by email NAME-N, from URL
next to this subscription I have nothing else running
PRS-ORG Reading &amp; listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I had already cancelled it before this period
Ah okay, they referred me back to you
but i'll contact them again
thanks for the effort.
I understand
No, it was that.
thanks, still working
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG, it has also been debited, but I have not received an ebook.
Ordered by phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my e-reader, it's not there, I've gone through all the steps, like turning it off, etc.
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going fine
If k leaves the chat, is it gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it!
Thanks so much.
Greetings and wish you a great day
Hello, I have an ereader from you since July 2022.
So less than a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official cover with it, which switches it to sleep mode and closes it.
I used the e-reader, closed the cover and put it down.
When I then opened it (it hasn't fallen, hasn't been moved and nothing has risen.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked weird.
At the top it says ‘sleep mode’, then below that, in strips and triangles, you can still see part of the book, the cover, and it says, somewhere in the background, ‘94% read’.
Vertical stripes can also be seen.
When I turn it off (15 sec) then the tr is still visible, when I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going on, but the image explained at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how can this happen after only a year??
Hello
EMAIL
And it is according to me a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late response.
Here is the picture of the screen.
The device has already been left alone, has already been reset, etc., but keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, ah, that's weird.
I now send it as a pdf, hopefully that will work out.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Would you like to add it?
Fine!
And thanks
Super!
Thanks.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
The book has arrived!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
Have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I can't find my account according to the login tab
Which is a real shame because there is quite a bit of money in it
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account does not exist anymore
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch?
NAME-M you must know that guy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Yes, so you guys have made Knock out city free, but I paid for it.
Okay so, I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said that I should get in touch with you.
Yes ok thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I did not get any PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again however I can't access the web app now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
Can I then use the web app from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years just not 22.
you have all the information, hopefully
Hmm then my friends will have a head start because they can use the webapp earlier, I doubt if I will make it then
hmm too bad there is nothing to do, then I'm not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
I've been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can't log in anymore
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that goes by that name
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Danku
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in 1x per month or?
I'll try to do that
thanks in advance
all the best, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Oh my, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link in my email again, but apparently I started a new chat.
I had the problem that I did not get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserveer nu 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I'm also from Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to
21 September can already be pre-loaded.
But I can't add him.
This is because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the games sector regarding purchases.
Because e.g.
in Belgium you can't buy PRS-ORGs because of these new laws.
I just want to be sure I get the PRS-ORG version because I am paying
that PRS-ORG is specially designed for this..
Okay.
I'll see.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG transfermarkt account has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any infractions.
This has been reported to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I am going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result…
I really feel desperate about it
Thanks, I really hope you can help me.
Is there a phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this…
Translation complete.
No, hopefully with this problem…
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just experienced something weird, I don't understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
It is no longer in my library.
how can this be?
Correct, but I just log in to PRS-ORG and there I see it.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG, I believe, so no.
Oh no, I see I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don’t see it
EMAIL
No, fine as it is.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi my name is NAME-M
Hello.
I am doing well, but I am very disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, there is a strange email address linked to it and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I'm now able to start fresh and I'm a dedicated amateur gamer.
But now I don’t have anything anymore.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently there is therefore a strange email address, as can be seen in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it well protected with 2 step verification, my PSN password I have already changed.
Only the PRS-ORG account I can't get in, not even in the PRS-ORG app
OK
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had previously contacted my problem.
However, I got a phone call, which made my contact break the conversation.
But now I am present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I couldn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke with, I believe, took care that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it only says "loading", with a clock
My question is or can you help me to get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
Fine.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you and keep going!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players sold
I am waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this will take.
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn't take long
Can you check how long it will be?
Because I'm always told to wait but there is no time indication
1 week was said to be now 1 week
And you can’t see how long this will continue?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I'm going to assume this for now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being sung
PRS-ORG
Said
Was never told very unprofessional so?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case.
So I have to wait another week?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Waiting
And do nothing and just wait
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I forgot my password.
I was logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
What do you mean by confirm?
via e-mail or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just no longer have access to it here
yes that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
and restart
It turns out that the package I got from that SBC was quickly sold
and of course you understand that I would never sell it if it's not tradeable
Yeah, I just want to have my prize from that sbc
I have also added photos of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is something like EMAIL
and otherwise my old one, which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on the pc I always get the message: Secure boot is not enabled
I have tried everything that was on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I preordered the game but I haven't been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but this does not work
okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1 and they have not been deposited into my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from sign in log in nothing helped
I am afraid I have lost my money!
Please can you help me
EMAIL
Do you mean Hoeb?
Okay and then
But they say contact us
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Dear Sir/Madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but since it has become crossplay I purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start with the ultimate team with the web app only I automatically come to my playstation account from PRS-ORG what I don't want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (pc) account for the ultimate team
I have now deleted my Playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app at all
thank you
no I have never played on pc with PRS-ORG I am busy pre-loading PRS-ORG
okay so this is because i have never created an ultimate team on pc?
so if I do this when the game comes out I can use the web app completely?
damn it, I am now missing a lot of coins :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question about an update of a request that has already been opened
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
Then it was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there might be an update since I still hadn't received a response/compensation or something for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
Last week, every day it was updated that the status was being updated and still under review.
Of course it gets a bit annoying to say the least, but that you yourself don't really know exactly what still needs to happen or how far they are in that
Hopefully it will be, the urge to play the game has been much less the past week
In any case, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I am getting no access to server at all the time
but created a new PS5 account and it works on this
the same for all my friends, they can also play rivals
I've already done a restart and all the help that's online.
but sadly nothing
and it's been this way all day so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow either
correct
great!
thank you very much
I got a market ban, I'm already considering that, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals?
ok so it's not strange that another account can on rivals?
can I be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
okay, great, I'll do that!
thank you very much in advance!
but should I be concerned about my divisions?
that just comes back in order?
are we sure of that?
super thanks in advance!
Have a nice evening and good luck!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was in a chat with him but he disappeared.
My controllers provide a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play
I have reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance at l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play
Where do I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if I could still do something about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I possibly can use something of a memory card or something; so that the game can play at normal speed.
I look forward to hearing from you, thank you in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game, the image is “delayed”, so when I want to turn the car to the right; then there is a certain delay.
So you will get there faster in, for example,
the guardrail ends up in the right place instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Oh, those are quite high now (do you mean screen mode etc?
Oh great, thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And other than that, I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thank you
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader via synchronisation.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but I can't open it on the e-reader.
How can I fix this?
EMAIL
I think it's the 14th of February.
No, I see February 15.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
Could not open this document
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it fails, contact us
Okay, let's get started with it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Bought two books on Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I received them on the laptop.
I was unable to get them onto the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in these purchases.
You discussed this with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint works.
I also check the second book.
It does that too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can’t just look it up again.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I took out a subscription for 10 euros a year or so
month.
I do not need that at the moment, but it is completely unclear to me how I can stop that.
I have been endlessly searching several times.
Yes.
I find that very nice.
I might come back to pp some time, but I am not using it for now.
Very nice!
And everything was arranged smoothly.
Thank you…
No, it’s fine like this.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but can't open them. I get the message that this document cannot be opened. Am I doing something wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok, I'm going to try it, thank you, I hope I get out
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes, I am computer illiterate, it may take a while
Top he does it thanks
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can’t get rid of it.
I also can’t figure out how to do that.
Please help.
EMAIL
no
It is not a damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the little symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years, and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
I spend a lot of time and money on both every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without any notification or reason
Yesterday a request was created but now it says that the request “resumes” so I’m curious if that will work out.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I did nothing wrong my trust is gone and I am actually planning to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued playing while due to disruptions from PRS-ORG my item did not register and I did not receive fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you then have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long will it last?
I am quite done with it.. not after you but about the situation
Thanks for the help.
I will wait and see, but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 per month on it and I find that too risky if suddenly a block is put on it
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will fix it quickly
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day as well.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
i would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I created a new email on the PRS_ORG app, so I could
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so I have to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it is really like this
I just can't send evidence
sorry sir
looked wrong
it is EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have already contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has now been resolved.
Only the hacker sold FUT players.
I don’t play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help to fix this
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has since bought it back, but now he has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I'm not sure if I'm explaining it correctly because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I have received a reference number from your colleague.
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my son plays that
no, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
i just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my e-mail address, but the site sends a security code to my old e-mail that I no longer use
That is why I cannot change it
Yes, I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account does not need to be restored, just my email address please
I received a code via my email, can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Thanks a lot!!!
Good morning, On Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file".
I synchronized several times but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
is correct
download via the site,
repair, purchase via the site
I am busy with that now, but it will take a while, I have to find a Wi-Fi password.
If it doesn't work this way, I'll sign up again.
Sure, I'll try logging in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can carry on again.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the e-reader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just what I pay every month on her account.
But I don’t get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card information to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I don't fit in?
By the way, I could change that on the e-reader yesterday.
I can't find those data anywhere now
Or, if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
That would help me enormously
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
Absolutely right.
Thank you.
Get it sorted right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot about PRS-ORG, received an email from PRS-ORG to set up ww login.
link copied to browser and then I can't continue with nw ww settings, how does it work further?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
okay, I hear that I will stay online
exactly
then I get into the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to be able to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I end up back at the PRS-ORG ww account help screen
yes i'll do that
done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much for that.
now I'm going to see if I can find an overview with grace ebooks on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased ebook.
It is on the device but it says it cannot open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it again, but it does not open.
also placed via URL directly on the device does not help
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
good
I don't have the option to unsubscribe from PRS-ORG
ok did it
Bought and paid for an audiobook.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
Was also washed last time
EMAIL
Today, not even
I have not received the last purchase no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and give out my details
Bok van NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this has happened.
That is my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person has not yet received it, but I have already paid 20 euro.
I myself haven't received a confirmation yet.
Can you find out what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is at 23
Oh that is weird because the money has been debited indeed
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, it was thank you, have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - because of an error I paid twice - 2 x 10 euro and received nothing, that seems wrong to me, please help me with this
EMAIL
the last one was on January 16th 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so February 7th
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer for 2 for 10 euro
I purchased the last 2 last night
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
have to cut and paste a bit
toppie books are in
thanks for this nice service
we like this again
no my day is good again thanks again really and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 passnr.017
Okay thank you.
The book is now on it :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
