Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion even before I could reply
OK
I just said that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice
How can I send you the PDF file?
I gave it to you earlier.
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is:
Order # PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
So you are affiliated with them
this is why you are the most qualified to handle this refund
Yes, but since you are affiliated
you can handle that for me
Yes.
I will ask them and get back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello my name is NAME-M
my problem is that my account
was associated with my PRS-ORG account
whereas I would like to bind it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on pc
yes that's it
because I no longer have a PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes or recover my team PRS-ORG  compagnon
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
hello
I have just launched a match for champions and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you a picture
you are the one
nn
I'm in a match, and it's still frozen on the opponent's team, after the match was finished
EMAIL
just for your information, I am still in the match with the opponent's team, I don't want to leave the match for fear of losing the match
but if I leave the game, will I not lose?
it's all right, I didn't miss the match, have a nice day
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days now, when I try to make a purchase, I cannot access your website.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: The confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone, in general.
Then I sync it on the reader.
Except for the audiobooks that I listen to on my phone
Damn!
What is it then?
Good.
You're going to think I'm very silly, but until yesterday everything was working.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to find this VPN?
I will try to do as you advise.
If this doesn't work, I will come back to you.
Have a good evening.
Best regards,
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I had to recover an account this morning with one of your colleagues
I reset my mail, everything is ok, everything works
but I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify my account ownership
and I must share it with a counselor, apparently
I'm really afraid that I'll lose access to my account again, so I'm a bit panicked
yes, I'm just wondering why I'm being asked for it since I've already had one to reset the email and now everything works
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid it'll reset my email again when I don't need it to
So thank you, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
hello everybody, I had an account problem, my game code had already been used, but I found the right account, the problem is that I want to install it by downloading it, not with the CD, as I don't have much internet and a bad connection, so it's a pain
how do I do to make it install from the CD
because I have 1 day of download left
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
he can download it directly
without me entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer so when I opened my account and half the CD it wanted to download it
or it's so he wants to download it to install it
yes it takes me 1 day of download because of a bad connection
I want to install it from a CD, not from a download
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I would like to receive emails in French and not in German.
is that possible?
moreover I received emails saying that my account had been verified but 3 months after..
Yes.
I have the French language on my dashboard.
but I am receiving all the communications in German
yes
super, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I wanted to order a terminal a while ago but I closed the page with the information (Iban, address, etc) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information again?
I wanted to go back in time to remember what I had to pay, but it was impossible to find that information later.
Not at the moment, I'm on the support page.
(it's all written in Italian, which doesn't help haha)
Ok, well I'm placing a new order!
That will be all for me!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we downloaded all the documents
thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration and it doesn't work
yes I need to download it again
I just did it
I replied to the email
Please take care of it quickly.
it's a major loss of income for us..!
for you too..
ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our representatives?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello.
I made a request to change my bank account number and I wanted to know when this request would be effective?
it is a business account for a company
yes I'm always here
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand
so, how should I proceed?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I didn't make
You have just paid 21,00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic rejection for PRS-ORG **** have been disabled.
You can reactivate them on your next purchase from a PRS-ORG retailer.
Nn
I don't remember
My new one had the phone number, possibly a payment for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "3G mobile data" connection type was successfully enabled, but even when we move to the office, the connection doesn't work.
Also, the battery level changes from second to second, dropping from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to get a new terminal.
Could you please do what's necessary?
I thank you for your cooperation and send you my best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will the terminal be charged?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your effective and good collaboration
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by e-mail at EMAIL or by phone at PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and best regards.
No, it's perfect just like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
Yes
I am concerned about the transfer limits
I have to send 158,100€ to my notary
for the acquisition of a parcel of forest
I have just learned of the ceiling levels
for now I have €59,975 in the account that I would like to transfer to the notary as quickly as possible
I am referring to the bank transfer limit for the business account.
In addition, I am waiting for €100,000 in the account I was supposed to receive.
these days
and I would have to make a second transfer of 98 125 €
I can give you the notary's deed of assignment to prove it.
I wanted to fire 59 975€ yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because you do not know how to code a game
I launched a draft in the 1st round 0 minutes into the game the opponent deco and I got the loose
My first name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes, in the meantime, Aji even redid a draft to see if it was me who was making a mistake
hey?
But is this a joke?
well, you're useless, in fact, you're just incapable, like every time I have to deal with you
it's always the same thing, do it well, fuck me, I can't do anything for you
so I have to wait 1h for the game to start and maybe I'll have a draft token??
so in addition to being fucked I can't play the game for 1 hour?
You are geniuses, continue like that, you are on the right track
well, there's nothing to do, thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?
”.
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My bank transfer hasn’t arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Alright
Unfortunately, I am unable to access your payment frequency.
You can, however, access it from your account settings: URL.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thank you
So, for today or tomorrow, that's right?
Yes
Ok, I'll wait then
Everything is good, good luck to you
i would need a panel for my lounges
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in contact with a human.
panel showing the PRS-ORG
I wish to speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I didn’t understand that.
Could you please rephrase your question?
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to know if it is possible to receive a small tag indicating that I have a PRS-ORG
and that my customers can pay by credit card
no
it's not his
when I was in the market I had a small sign indicating that here you can pay by credit card
but it was stolen from me at the last show
I would like to know if you could send me one
a display
please
if possible 3 who can stand on my stand
not those who stick together
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no it's nice, thank you, have a nice day
Hello, the payment links do not work
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid confusion, please ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, such as “How do I change my email address?”
”.
Remote cashing
I'm sorry about that.
Could you specify what kind of transaction it is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote cashing,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can be due to a variety of reasons.
In order to find out which one applies to your situation, I will put you in touch with a human colleague.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F. I'll be reviewing your conversation with NAME-M. Please wait.
Thank you
The remote payment link doesn't work, it keeps asking me for the terminal every time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link but it didn't work, so I made a QR code for 300€
I don't understand why the links don't work
Can you tell me why I have no answer?
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake.
Thank you for your answer and responsiveness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I am contacting you because PRS-ORG took away 950,000 coins from my account in PRS-ORG ultimate team
For reasons that I don’t know, as the credits I had were earned thanks to players I had obtained in packs, I sent in the photos
And by making flips.
I'd like to get back the credits, it's a huge amount!
I contest the sanction!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
email: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I've never done anything illegal!
And everything else I had earned myself.
And PRS-ORG took it all away!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, there's nothing posted
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never broken PRS-ORG rules
Yes, thank you, because it's a huge amount!
Thank you
So I no longer do anything?
I am just waiting for a response by email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I sent proof via photo before starting this file with you
I don't know if you have access?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thanks, well here it is, I encountered a problem for the 2nd time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
indeed, I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (i.e. money) and I decide to launch a match
and as soon as I log out, I'm disconnected.
probably cheaters
but it's the second time since i've been drafting
and I'm starting to get fed up with being ripped off like that
I would like a refund of points
ok, thank you.
no problem
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you are unable to fix this problem
then you will refund me
I paid
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
it's not normal to do this, your game's players are losing money because of cheaters
and you don't refund?
find a way to reimburse me
I wouldn't leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask you your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription to PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do i have to pay an additional annual subscription when it is already valid on Playstation
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so, so the problem is PRS-ORG
Is the PRS-ORG subscription multi-platform?
If I have a subscription via Playstation, does it need to be valid on PRS-ORG?
Or not?
no you do not understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but more valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log in to my PRS-ORG account online, my password reset is not working and when I log in with my PRS-ORG identifier, it tells me that there is already an account with this identifier.
On the other hand, downloads are normal from my reader.
Could you please help me?
Regards.
EMAIL
no, since I can no longer access my account, but I just found 2 bills from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I got my e-Reader at the end of December 2017.
Thank you
45000
I received it and it works; the last two paid purchases I made were indeed on February 16, 2020, and the amounts are the same as on my statement.
I did it! I just logged into Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your homepage.
Problem solved, thanks for your help, and have a good Sunday.
merci, juste une proposition d'achat: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but from the pocket size that just came out, so cheaper than the large size that came out in 2018.
That's good for me.
Have a great day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I can't play the PRS-ORG game
unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas, hello and thank you for your help
We already downloaded the game PRS-ORG once before. Today we tried again, and we are having the same problem
We tried it on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one s consoles with no result
Yes.
I also tried to reset the console to factory settings, but nothing worked
update failed 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
When I go to manage the game and check for updates, there are none available
Yes, it's been 4 days that we've had this error code
there is a problem with the update and when we try to put the game back on the console it freezes
ok thank
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Through chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I emailed and asked to have an "employee" email address removed so that I could reuse it on another account.
Your colleague answered me that it was not possible, although it was done for another address the day before.
I didn't get any news following my 2nd message.
So I will hear from you soon?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thanks, I had all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, I can't make an online payment
transaction failed
Your deposit request has failed or has been canceled.
it's really urgent, if possible, to solve the problem today, thank you
No, thanks
have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
like every month despite the fact that I recovered my twich prime pack
I didn't get it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
My PRS-ORG account is on the EMAIL address
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS premium account, I have the impression that each time there is this problem of two distinct email addresses
Well yes, I made the recovery request, it said "recovery successful".
so the problem is with you and not me
and the previous months, the person I chatted with generated the pack for me
therefore, I think that there is a problem of competence
I haven't logged in to the console
only on the app
ok, thank you
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
Via the chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday, around 11:00 pm, all transactions were impossible.
I sent my identity card and my registry extract yesterday at around 17:00
My commercial register extract
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
They need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents as a direct application on my profile.
Yes.
Ok, I'll get back to you around 9:00 if it still isn't working.
Are there any other settings that should be adjusted?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if it would be possible to buy the sum up 3g without the printer
because the price is very high
I want a second cvarte pro
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
and?
Nothing.
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is malformed.
It becomes unreadable towards the end: overlapping characters and misplaced accents.
It's too much hassle, I want a refund, thank you.
I'm resuming this chat, which I started too late on Sunday night; I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"these essential goods" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed or if there is a problem with my e-reader...
I can take pictures, but not immediately.
In my case, it is on page 294 but this varies according to the size of the font.
In any case, this is about 75%
Willingly because there I'm not available for more
It's perfect for me, thank you
thank you, good end of service to you
Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
speak to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
hello NAME-F, a client paid by link and I don't see his payment
URL
even though he has enough money in his account
yesterday
It is written accepted on my transactions... sent on my links.. but not paid
ok, thanks, how come it didn't go through immediately like it usually does with the payment link
as soon as the payment is made, I receive the notification of the transfer
things have changed?
reconnect to the site and not the app?
ok, thank you
good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello
Last night I started a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my online draft team
When the 1st match started, the change never happened
After 30 minutes of waiting I turned off the console and turned it back on
The game tells me that I left the game, I therefore lost my token and I have a handicap on future games for abandon
Can you fix this?
Are you still here
Thank you
Thanks for your reply, I already tried it last night.
But the app says I'm not eligible
I must say it is quite scandalous.
I spent 2 hours on the game for this.
Yes
Thank you.
I'm waiting to hear from you very soon
platforms
I did not make any purchases and I do not have any audiobooks.
I bought my eReader in September.
yes, thank you
since yesterday I try to add books from my adobe to my liseusse.
but it always tells me that I am not allowed.
I removed all my permissions and then re-installed them and nothing changed.
I followed all the steps that I found on your site but it doesn't work.
The error message I get on my e-Reader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (drm).
having allowed your reader earlier, you must re-import it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it's allowed on my computer and on my e-reader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I've had my e-reader since September.
I contacted you in December for the same reason.
so, it's the second time that I have this problem in a year.
I like my e-Reader, but when it causes me problems like this, I have absolutely no desire to recommend it to anyone in my surroundings.
If I follow your steps I will lose my connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I have to disable my permissions and uninstall adobe.
I will restart my computer and re-download adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello
I can no longer log into my fut account
It said too many clubs were being created.
While I have already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account it says account creation fut reached
This morning I was able to play with this account
Sorry my name is NAME-M
You can help me, please
Thank you
Don't worry.
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
YES, THANK YOU
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO LOG INTO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
IT SHOWS A SERVER ERROR ON MY IPHONE
ON THE PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG INTO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THE ONE?
OK C It's not a big deal but can you help me solve my problem?
Okay, thank you, if the problems are caused by maintenance work, I'm relieved and I'll wait
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
already an open case
PHONENUMBER
I would like to get the content that was pirated from me back
or compensate me with PRS-ORG points????
I’ve been playing for 10 years, I spend €400 in PRS-ORG points per year, and I also buy the game
and I was told on the phone that I wouldn't get anything back
An issue is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to retrieve the content that was hacked this morning or be compensated with PRS-ORG points.
I have been playing for 10 years, I spend 400€ on PRS-ORG points per year, as well as buying the game... and they tell me on the phone that I won't be able to recover anything
So, what do I do?
EMAIL
I have already done the procedures you are going to ask me to do
give you the code, change the mdp, etc.
I just want to make the finals this weekend with my team
and I can't do anything anymore
I put money into the game every year, I have put salaries in for 10 years, and now I have received no positive feedback, which I need from you only once
I got hacked today between 9am and 11.30am
can you "erase" his visit and reset everything like this morning?
At 8 am I still had my whole club
Please save me the trouble
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more.
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry about it.
A human can tell you the status of your account.
The transfer of 1019 that I made, I feel like my bank rejected it, I would like to know if it's back in your system
Alright
Ok, thanks. That's great.
So I'll stay on hold, that's it
Thank you very much
I'll stay on hold
No, thanks a lot
I'll be waiting until after lunch
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm having a nice day, and I hope you are too ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is inside it
otherwise I can repeat it
Excuse me?
Your sentence is cut off
I just wanted to know that in the career there are lots of haircuts while in the pro club there aren't many
Is this normal?
And why?
Otherwise do you plan to put them later?
No, it is good, thank you
Don't worry!
good day to you
I will come back to you if it is not done subsequently
goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system for logging into my account
I don't receive the email with the security verification number
After I enter my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On the PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically, so no worries, but this is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on android
Same thing when I try to log in to my web browser
924311
She receives this email without any problem
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope that I won't have any more issues
NAME-M_TEXT: I see that you are experiencing problems with processing due to your transaction limit.
Do you wish to discuss it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, i
You like it? No, I'm contacting you for something else.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
yes
I'm really stuck with my clients for the payment.
I sent my PRS-ORG
yes
the deadline please
waiting time
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer but I can't play
he told me that a number of computers is too high
mercui
thank you
Really?
i also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have any problem with that.
I don't understand??
I have them on my PRS-ORG account
de PRS-ORG normal license
and in addition to the PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hello I get mail asking me to provide more information or provide them, thank you
also I have sent all of them by email, I have also
of course this is a copy-paste of the message received
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our Terms of Use (URL), a single PRS-ORG profile can only be used for a single activity.
Please tell us what activity your profile will be used for and provide us with proof (invoice, facebook link etc) for this activity.
If you would like to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for other business activities, you must create a second PRS-ORG profile.
We thank you for your understanding.
Best regards,
Peter
Registration service PRS-ORG
I go to the fairs and I walk, I'm also from Boulogne, these are the products that I put on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
I sent all this by the email I received??
yes, 'I sent the Kbis plus the link to Facebook'
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I am not able to preload PRS-ORG, they said that normally everything should be solved quickly... but it's not, I preordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
I would therefore like to cancel this preorder and be able to preorder the game again, hoping that this time it will work
I thank you for your favorable answer to my request:)
Of course.
My email is EMAIL
My idea is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I now repurchase it?
or do I have a deadline?
ok thanks :)
I would recommend it again now
Thanks a lot for your skills :D
Perfect, thank you, the preloading works fine!
everything works perfectly!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I have latency in game although I should qualify for the FGS
it is unplayable
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
everything is going well
and the players are heavy, when I pass the ball, it arrives 5 seconds later, that's really not possible
sir it is useless
I am online
I have a perfect connection
5 days ago, everything is working fine
and there is nothing I can do
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My terminal is not working
It says, "transaction declined"
I received an email asking me to update my profile.
Is this related?
How long will it take to update my profile after I upload the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events
Very well, I'll transmit the documents quickly
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG one.
Sometimes, I see that a payment has been made
I bought a fairy tale, the Little Thing
I would like to be reimbursed for the error.
11.49
Yes
A PRS-ORG payment of more than 9.99 has been deducted from my credit card
But I unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed?
Will I be reimbursed for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you, NAME-M?
Why is my store closed?
NAME-M_TEXT: Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human to take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and much more!
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can no longer open it
And it's not good for my business.
When I click on the link, it says "shop closed"
Thanks, I managed it
Good day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
How would you like us to contact one of our agents?
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I'm French and I created a Belgian sum up
I don't get the text message to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I must delete once the Belgian account is active
can you please do the necessary
06 68 11 75 30 c is my personal phone number
with whom I want to receive the code
Hello, I am contacting you to express my dissatisfaction.
I've been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, I've always liked this game.
PRS-ORG mode is the mode that has kept me on edge since PRS-ORG 12.
It seems that I am quitting playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year, as time goes by.
The champions mode on PRS-ORG is the one that gave me the motivation to continue, but now it is very hard to get into... rank 3 had a match against rank 2 last week, and I wasn't able to qualify this week.
I hope for a very soon update for the change of the qualification to PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I think I will no longer play the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, it's not too much with my qualifying PRS-ORG champions compromise, and it's impossible for me to make 1500 points plus the 9 qualifying matches before this weekend
How?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope that this will change.
I love the ultimate team mode, I love playing in PRS-ORG Champions.
I get the impression that in order to gain access to it and get good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very large team.
Hoping that it will change very quickly, see you soon, otherwise goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I am not the only one for things to move quickly.
Not at all, thank you.
Good day, stay strong and I hope for a very quick update
telephone number issue
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How can I change my email address?"
’.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your mobile number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number is beyond my skills as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I am being asked to complete my profile with a phone number but I can't change the phone number
so it's a dom tom number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes no problem
yes but the code is not arriving
I am asked for the verification code
but this one was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want
yes, but it is the WRONG number
and they won't let me change my number
I haven't received any verification code yet
PHONENUMBER
I am told that to start cashing in
I need to check my phone number
I just started using your service and there are already problems
Hello, how do I activate Alphanumeric on my number?
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help if your questions are short and to the point, for example, "How do I change my email address?"
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Because changing a telephone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello I would like to change my telephone number
the current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Great, thank you very much
no thanks, you too, have a good day
I'd like to talk to an agent
I would like to speak with an agent
NAME-M_TEXT: It's great to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I did not quite understand.
Could you please reformulate your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I connect you to an agent who can assist you with your inquiry...
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Mrs. NAME-F, I hope you are doing great..
I would like to change my email address.
Perfect, I agree, thanks.
No, that's fine.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player, I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but they are not displayed on my ultimate team account
The thing is, I recently changed the email address on my account there, and I put a more recent email address: EMAIL.
Only my PRS-ORG account, the email address is as follows.
EMAIL I fear that the PRS-ORG points may have gone to the wrong account.
CD keys is a website.
The code was good, because when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked
Can the PRS-ORG points be transferred to another account?
And I only have a single PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code correctly, which was validated on the PRS-ORG.
Store my account ALPHANUMERICID
But when I start ultimate team the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL but the email address for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just updated it.
Will the PRS-ORG points be active on the wrong account?
How to do it?
Do I have to come back to you with a work of purchase?
You cannot check on which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are?
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I connect you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
Hello, I am trying to link my store to my domain name.
The lights are green but the state is still in "not connected"
You didn't understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes.
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I'm still not logged in.
It takes a while?
yes?
Okay, I'll take note.
Thank you
I will wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in to PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email it doesn't work, so I created this account, but I can't connect to the game
I'm calling NAME-F to say sorry ^^
NAME-F
i changed my psn address, there is a moment when it finds it, at my old email
but by marking my old one, it doesn't work to connect to PRS-ORG
my PSN account email address is the same as the one with the email
this doesn't work
so basically we're blocked from playing
I don't think it happens to me, I will certainly have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game
to have games and not use them is great
I'm not going to create a new PSN specifically to play you, will you create several accounts just for one game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... but I have made many purchases
How can I get points ... and what are they for?
I have bought a lot of games and kits for the PRS-ORG..
and yet, after all this time, I have never received any points..
I never received any points... and I never bought any.
what are they good for?
I believed that you could accumulate points when purchasing on your site..
PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Merry Christmas to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, such as “How can I change my email address?”
".
Speak to an advisor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I put you through to an agent who can help with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I would like to speak to an advisor on the phone and I can't
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I have them.
tired of calling you every day for the verification of my account.
I cancel its opening, I retract and open an account elsewhere
Yes
I want to close the account
you are talking about the future, it is now that I want to close the account not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also assigned a high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A part of the countryside
delivery
I logged out and logged in again, but it's still not working
I can't read it
Book purchased on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page
I'm forced to relaunch PRS-ORG in order to access my homepage.
Yes, this is it
It's good.
Thank you
Great!
Have a nice day
When was my business account opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments and much more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the most complicated, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
For my tax return, I would like to know the date my professional account was opened.
I can find the exact date, right?
no, I opened the professional account afterwards
where do I find this info?
Yes.
it is for my tax declaration, they are asking for this information!
thank you
Hello Mr
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
my password is no longer working
it's the second one in two weeks
and I can't reset my password because I never receive your email...
and I'm forced to contact you via chat or phone to resolve this issue
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again please?
124876
we will say that I am an habitué now ahah
I was able to change my password successfully
and I manage to log on to PRS-ORG
thank you
thank you again and hope to see you next time (i hope your servers will still manage to memorize my md password)
Have a nice day!
my mobile device authentication is impossible
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-M, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents, but this goes beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
I can't complete strong authentication using my current phone
I received the SMS
But the app doesn't take the tampering into account.
no errors
when I'm in the strong authentication menu
I can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Thank you also
Do I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently being conducted on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked yesterday
Can I still use my account while the investigation is ongoing?
Because I mainly play on PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is rather annoying
Perfect, you don't have any deadline for me?
Because, well, it’s complicated when you have nothing left in your club
Very well, thank you
No, nothing at all, thank you
Hello,
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address
I made a mistake on the content
no home address
i was wrong
I am lodged for free by my boyfriend
how do i do
otherwise, I have mobile phone bills
or insurance
yes I am looking
I don't want the PRS-ORG card
as long as I have not changed the address, please
okay
I'll send the documents shortly
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?”
’.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure you ask me only one question at a time.
hello, I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can save only one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I can't access this number
PHONENUMBER
yes, and to record how long after
because I cannot make the payment to my account
thank you very much
no thanks to you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Your game is starting to swell me up!
The same problem as the last futchamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys are giving up, so I count that as a defeat even if it is the guy who is leaving
so I did not get my reward, 4 draft victories
and I lose my 15,000 credits
Even though you haven't done anything with my last Futchamp, I lost 2 ranks because of this
Don't hesitate.
EMAIL
Will you go ahead and report this information, and then do nothing?
So?
So, no, it was he who left
I'm on a PC not a console, I have a fiber optic connection of 600 Mbps
and I didn't get any superficial cuts because I was on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut
It is he who leaves
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player, the game considers it to be him
This is a big load of shit
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to start with?
Hi NAME-M it's NAME-M
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or the web.
On the other hand, access works directly with the game
NAME-M
Could you please help me sir?
I'm fine, thanks, I hope you are too
Alor on the PRS-ORG it is ALPHANUMERICID-
I foolishly bought credits on my first account.
I therefore recreated a PRS-ORG account in order to be able to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time.
Except that in this case, access was not created on this new account
I play with the Lyon team as a true fan of the future.
I really like Paqueta's, it's very complete for an 81 rating.
I am doing the DCE to have it as POTM at this moment
And you, who is your favourite player?
A very good player, in fact mbappe, you have good taste.
He has also had a very good start to the season with PRS-ORG
It is I who thanks you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days now and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
Okay, I'll just keep having fun then.
The main thing is that you can play it on a console.
But the app is very practical for remote management.
Thank you very much NAME-M in any case.
I wish you a very nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
Pierre
Quite simple I think
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in the gold edition
And today I got a message when trying to install it saying: "Unfortunately, it seems that a billing problem has occurred with your pre-order"
So I go to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged "processing"
I realize that PayPal has never been deducted.
And so I change my payment method
I just want my game to be unlocked now
EMAIL
I can see it, but it says "Preorder failed"
PRS-ORG
It does not change the problem
I just did the manipulation
And I always get Pre-order failed.
So you can not restart the order or something else?
Because I have indeed provided my means of payment, and I still don't see why the problem has been resolved
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG telling me that I can play
I restarted PRS-ORG
I think that is sufficient after clearing the cache
If I restart it, I lose our conversation
Via chat
Hello, I would like to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd box, but it's being sent to the same account.
How do I do this?
Best regards.
How would you like to be contacted with one of our agents?
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to assist you...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
a classical reader at 19 €
Yes, I'd like to by email.
I haven't received the case yet, but everything should be fine by Wednesday.
By receiving it, can I then set it up for another account?
I got an e-mail this morning saying that my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL.
Thank you
This morning’s e-mail was in French, but usually I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change that so that I receive all communications in French?
Thank you
Well, no.
At first, I received the emails in French, but not the last few.
I sent several messages to this end without success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Good evening, I'm writing again because I think I've identified the problem
I'm lagging only on PRS-ORG at the moment and wanted to see in my server stats if there is a problem or not
because I have signs of packet loss even though I have been looking at teamspeak and I have not had any loss for 50 min
as you can see from this image
URL
Good evening, I've tried everything and this is my last resort in coming to you.
:(
URL this is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I don't have any sign of packet loss at the top, yet I have noticeable lags
Is this a problem with me or the game?
Because I am going crazy
You're going to fix it through a patch, I suppose?
But how long?
Because I cannot play under these conditions, nor at a professional club any more.
Thanks to you, I hope you will feel better :)
Good evening, and thank you.
Good courage for this week
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry.
Your device appears to be faulty.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO REMOVE ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILED
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
YES I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUR TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
I need to enter my name and my IBAN, and I confirm
AND THE FAILURE OF THE TRANSACTION
MORE EXACTLY FAILURE TO LOAD
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE GAME
LOADING FAILED
I have a low fiber rate in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello
I find myself bothered by the fact that I have to divide my account in 2
j is more hardline
and more access to my other email account
The problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or a has been changed into vinsvodoo (inverse)
is either EMAIL
is either EMAIL
with PRS-ORG there is never a problem, it's always PRS-ORG that crashes
that is to say
I don't have access to this email account, it's registered on Facebook but it's over 15 years old
I had spoken once to one of your colleagues, and it worked again, and more
my real address is EMAIL
it makes me angry, I knew I should not go back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG j got everything back in 1h
so you're losing money because I'm no longer buying from you
Hello,
I'm having a big problem reading books downloaded from the library, a problem I encountered recently.
I download the book from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.
I connect the eReader to the computer to recover the book, the content is imported.
I correctly eject my eReader before disconnecting it from the computer and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the eReader.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears telling me that my eReader is not allowed to open this book because I would have to authorize it again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-import it.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, and so I have that authorization.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy a book, but I download them from the library.
The latest one today, it's N.E.O.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
I believe so.
Anyway, I am connected to wi-fi and the automatic sync is enabled.
I don't know when the last sync took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can it affect the permit?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the allowance and rebate.
I'll try again.
For the time being I have ADE 4.5.11. I don't understand why!
I've been using it for almost 1 year now.
What are factory settings?
hello, I did not receive the payment of February 3
I am missing a payment
I have not received my 3 February payment
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human being.
So, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
You chose to pay by instalments using the PRS-ORG Card.
The collected funds are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, this is also valid for the weekend.
Please note: If the transaction you are waiting for was carried out before the payments to the card were set up, then the funds will be paid into the registered bank account, not the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to the method and frequency of payment have no effect on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I am missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N. Please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in this case I do think a human is necessary.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent...
hello thank you
Ok, thank you very much
Ok, thank you very much
No thanks very much
thanks to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, as you know, the Star wars battlefront 2 game has become unplayable
no one1hp dies due to a bug or godmode hack
you have known for several days
the game becomes unplayable
Hello?
EMAIL
the problems are coming from you!
Servers
Thousands of players complain and you pretend?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the developers abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is hacks servers
thanks for the customers and after-sales service
awful
no respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please hold while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello,
Yes
My terminal is blocked
I am looking for a way to send payment request links to customers
I don't have this feature in my app
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I am looking for how to send payment links to my clients
But I do not have the payment by link in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Awesome, it would really help me
I'm counting on you, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I have a problem connecting my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account.
Thank you
You want the email from my PRS-ORG account, is that it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
There was a problem.
An error has occurred, preventing us from completing your request.
Please try again later.
For PRS-ORG rewards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the last identity card sent is good.
and also how to set up my bank account?
which one is recorded?
yes, and I sent a CI back without a receipt
I don't have an IBAN that ends with 0507
yes
I can't change it directly on the app
and I just sent back the identity card... it's quite urgent nonetheless...
ok.. well I'm sending you my IBAN..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, can I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thank you
I would like you to help me as I have never had any luck on the PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing it since I was 10 years old and I've never been a big player.
My friend packed hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Just a few days ago he got NAME-M.
I keep putting money into the game, buying the pre-order so I have 4600 PRS-ORG points, but I never get any luck.
I don't know what to do, please help
I'm happy to hear that, but how come my friend has all these players?
It even had an icon in a previewable pack...
Well, it's too bad if you can't do anything
Thank you anyway
So I'm definitely going to stop playing this game
Thank you, happy holidays
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By telephone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello,
I received an invoice via sms and I would like to receive it by email so that I can be reimbursed
transaction identifier ALPHANUMERICID, 146.95€
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the bill in my mail.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days I've been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase. I entered all the information, clicked continue and register, the visa verification light keeps blinking and nothing happens.
I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but the problem persists.
What's going on?
Please answer me
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I wish to purchase the T2
Yes, but usually, that doesn't stick at the payment!
Why now?
So what is to be done?
right.
Thank you, I will do it immediately.
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money on my account which is already blocked
I want my money in my balance my account is already closed
Okay.
ok but I have already sent a new bank account where the money will be transferred
yes I am here
yes, I am it
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
I made a mistake and linked the wrong account to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
Yes.
it is linked to no account I would like it to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I don't want that, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes I can't unlock my account
yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my comtpe PRS-ORG I would like to dissociate
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
thank you
hello
my terminal is blocked, what should I do
For the more complicated ones, I put you in contact with a human.
So, what can I do for you, NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, unfortunately this means it is faulty.
Its safety system has kicked in and this lock is irreversible.
Since we are not able to handle such requests, I will put you in touch with an agent who will be able to carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
Could I have a telephone number to call please?
thank you, for me it will be easier.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: “How do I change my email address?
’.
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure you ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system has activated and this block is irreversible.
Since I am not able to handle this type of request, I will put you in contact with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes sorry I have clients
I got a error code bk PHONENUMBER
then I plugged it in and pressed the start button
I had to hold to boot then release to boot
he died
i have invalid bk
Sorry, I'll get back to you when I have more time, I have a customer appointment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
it is happening in several team clash matches that I get disconnected and then count as a defeat even though I am winning 3 or 4 to 0
it makes me lose some ranks, and thus move forward for my team
I'm repeating, I get disconnected during team clash matches
I got logged out and therefore lost the match while I was winning this match
it was not online
so nothing in common
I am in clash of equiop so it is your game that is making me crazy
degout
I'm fed up, I'm playing along and getting scammed... I really feel like you don't care about players like me
not to mention the times when I end up 8 or 9 hours into a match because of a bug....
Hello
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
NAME-M's 1" book, but this book is illegible on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font size settings are accessible, it's written way too small and the print quality is bad...
I am disappointed in this purchase on your platform, which usually proposes well-prepared books!
I would therefore like a refund of the corresponding €15.99
Thank you in advance
Best regards,
EMAIL
Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
1 of NAME-M bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I'd prefer a refund back to my credit card
Thank you
Have a good day
No thanks, it is perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I did not receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can i do it?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
the fiancées of the pacific
I will try PRS-ORG
I'm logged in on my computer but on my eReader...
how do I reset my sieve?
I don't receive any email.
OK.
I just tested, and both my PRS-ORG password and PRS-ORG password are correct, but my reader doesn't recognize my account
There was an update last night and since then I can no longer access it
it told me: impossible connection
it seems that the URL or the internet connection is not available for the moment
that being said, I'm on wifi using my computer and I've connected my eReader
I refreshed, and it loads...
yes!!!
there it is, he just needed a little more time!
Phew, thanks for your help
ok, I entered the book I bought yesterday...
good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I assist you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14, I still have not received it…
February 11 pardon
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes on your website
Here is the number of the order form PHONENUMBER
Follow-up indicates that since February 14, this package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
Even though I ordered it from that profile… I received an invoice at the email address EMAIL
But I have another profile, which has the email address EMAIL
But normally I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to have the commission at 1.49%
It is this one
The one I'm writing to you on
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It would be easier in person
But you should have an order bearing this PHONENUMBER
It is the purchase order number shown on my invoice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
All is well, thanks. Although I'm having a technical problem with the PRS-ORG game on PC.
In fact for more than an hour, I can't go on the transfer market to buy a player
how come?
Thank you in advance and looking forward to your response.
It seems to me that this is a security block that PRS-ORG is doing against hackers and bots.
But I am not one of them.
This is the one.
when I go on the PRS-ORG transfer market
when I tried to search for the player I wanted
it indicates to me
"There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers. Please try again later."
everything else in the game works except the transfer market or it displays this message and kicks me out of the transfer market
very well, thank you
thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor.
Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
NAME-M, I'm sorry, I didn't quite get that.
Could you rephrase your question?
I want to speak with an advisor
Hi, my name is. Please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I no longer have access to the transfer
Which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I am no longer
Do you understand?
Hello
You are the ace
Yes, I'm right after that
Yes, but I’m not the old number.
What's the email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
And you too, I hope!
When I wanted to start the 24h mission of NAME-M, I noticed that the castle of PRS-ORG which unlocked it had disappeared along with all its accessories.
He is no longer in my town, nor on the inventory…
No, it's on the iPad
No.
The game begins.
I wanted to start the 24-hour mission NAME-M that requests the palace of PRS-ORG and that's when I found out that this castle is no longer in my city or in my inventory
Boitingham Castle was the key for Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M, but no longer the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our representatives?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, how can I reach you?
for its verification
Thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you.
Could you give me your email address so that I can send you the identity card?
contacted me by email
your message does not appear
leave me a message by email, it's more simple for me, thank you
EMAIL
