Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion even before I responded
OK
I just said that I didn't have any game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have the purchase invoice
How can I send you the PDF file?
I gave it to you earlier.
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is:
Order # PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
So you are associated with them
this is why you are best able to manage the repayment
Yes, but since you are affiliated
you can handle that for me
Yes.
I will ask them and get back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M.
my problem is that my account
was associated with my PRS-ORG account
whereas I would like to bind it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes that's it
because I no longer have a PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes or recover my companion PRS-ORG team
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
hello
I have just launched a match for the champions and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you a picture
you are the one
nn
I'm in a match, I'm champions, and the match is blocked on the opponent's team
EMAIL
For info, I'm still in the match with the opponent's team; I don't want to leave the game for fear of losing the match
but if I leave the game, will I not lose?
it's all right, I didn't miss the match, have a nice day
thanks for your help
Hello,
For two days now, when I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio Book: The confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone, usually.
Then, I sync it on my reader.
Except for the audiobooks I listen to on the phone
Hell!
What is it then?
Good.
You're going to think I'm very silly, but everything worked until before yesterday.
I have not changed my phone.
Where am I supposed to find this VPN?
I will try to do as you advise.
If this doesn't work I'll come back to you.
Have a good evening.
Best regards,
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I had to recover an account this morning, with the help of one of your colleagues.
I reset my mail, everything is fine, everything works
but I just received a message with a 6 digit code to verify the ownership of my account
and I must disclose it to a counsel apparently
I'm really scared that I will lose access to my account again, so I'm a little panicky
yes, I just wonder why they're asking me that, since I've already got one to reset the email, and now everything works
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid it will reset my e-mail again when I don't need it
So thank you, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello everybody, I had an account problem, my game code was already used, but I found the right account, the problem is that I want to install it from the download, and not from the CD, because I don't have much internet and a bad connection, so it's a hassle
how do i make him install it from the CD
because I have 1 day of download left
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
and can be downloaded straight away
without any code for the game
because it had already been installed on another computer so when I opened my account and half the CD, it wanted to download it
or it's because he wants to download and install it
yes because it took me 1 day to download because of a bad connection
I want to install it from a CD, not from a download
via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be put in touch with one of our officers?
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hi my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I want to receive your emails in French and not in German.
is that possible?
moreover I received emails saying that my account had been checked but 3 months after..
Yes.
I have the French language on my dashboard.
but I am receiving all the correspondence in German
yes
super, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hi NAME-M!
I wanted to order a terminal a while ago but closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information?
I wanted to go back in time to remember what I had to pay, but I couldn't find this information again.
Not right now, I'm on the support page.
(Everything is written in Italian, which doesn't help much! haha)
Ok, well I'm going to place a new order!
That will be all for me!
Thank you for your help and wish you a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we downloaded all the documents
thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration and it doesn't work anymore
yes i need to download it again
I just did it
I replied to the email
Please take care of it quickly
it's a huge loss for us..!
for you too..
ok, I understand, but how long is this going to take?
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:Instant messaging,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
Hello.
I asked for a change of IBAN and I wanted to know when this request would take effect?
it is a business account for a company
yes I'm always here
i'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand
so, how should I proceed?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I didn't make
You have just paid 21,00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic rejection of PRS-ORG **** has been disabled.
You can reactivate them at your next purchase from a PRS-ORG merchant.
Nn
I don't remember
My boyfriend got a phone bill; was it a payment for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Good morning.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "3G Mobile Data" connection type was successfully activated but even when moving around the office the connection was not established.
The battery level also changes second by second, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to get a new terminal.
Could you please take care of this?
I thank you for your cooperation and extend my best wishes.
The number is:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the address:
Municipal community of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will I be charged for this terminal?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your good and efficient collaboration
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also reach us by e-mail at EMAIL or by telephone at PHONENUMBER.
My thanks and best regards.
No, it's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I assist you?
Hello
Yes
I am concerned about the transfer limits
I have to pay €158,100 to my notary
the acquisition of a forest plot
I have just learned of the ceiling levels
for now I have €59,975 in the account and I would like to transfer it as quickly as possible to the notary's office
I'm talking about the limit for transfers to the pro account
In addition, I have a claim of €100,000 in the account I was supposed to receive.
these days
and I would have to make a second transfer of €98,125
I can give you a call to the notary's office to prove all of this to you.
I wanted to fire off 59,975€ yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, can I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, I have just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because you do not know how to code a game.
i drafted in the 1st round 0 minute into the game my opponent was taking a time out and i got the loose
My first name is NAME-M.
an angry user
yes, in the meantime, he himself did another draft to see if it was me who was wrong
hey?
But is this a joke??
well, you're useless, you're just a fool, every time I deal with you
it's always the same thing do your thing fuck me I can do nothing for you
so I have to queue for 1 hour and I would have maybe a draft token?
so in addition to making me fuck I can't play for 1 hour?
You are geniuses, keep going, you are on the right track
well, there is nothing to do, still thanks
Hello NAME-F, I'm NAME-M, a virtual assistant from PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, like “How can I change my email address?”
”.
To avoid any confusion, please do not ask me more than one question at a time.
Hello,
My bank transfer hasn't arrived yet
So, what can I do for you today?
Alright
Unfortunately, I am not able to access your payout frequency.
You can, however, consult it from the settings of your account: URL.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thank you.
So, for today or tomorrow it's all right?
Yes
Ok, I'll wait then
Everything is good, good luck to you
i would need a sign for my living room
NAME-M_TEXT: So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated, I put you in contact with a human.
panel showing the PRS-ORG
I wish to speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who will deal with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you please restate your question?
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I was wondering if it would be possible to receive a small label that indicates that I have a PRS-ORG
and that my customers can pay by credit card
no
it is not his fault
when I was in the market I had a little sign saying that here you can pay by credit card
but it was stolen from me at the last convention
I would like to know if you could send me another one
a display
please
if possible 3 that could land on my stand
not the ones that stick
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no it's kind, thank you, have a good day
Hello, the payment links do not work
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid confusion, please ask only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?
”.
Remote cash collection
I'm sorry.
Could you specify the type of transaction?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote cashing-in,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can be caused by various reasons.
In order to find out which one applies to your situation, I will put you in contact with a human colleague.
A moment of your time, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link is not working, it keeps asking me for a terminal each time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link but it didn’t work, so I made a QR code and 300€
I do not understand why the links do not work
Can you tell me why I've got no reply?
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake
Thanks very much for your response and responsiveness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask you for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I am contacting you because PRS-ORG has deducted 950,000 credits from my account on PRS-ORG Ultimate Team.
For reasons that I don’t know about because the credits I had were earned thanks to players I got in the packs, I sent in the photos
And by reselling.
I would like to get my credits back: it’s a lot of money!
I dispute the sanction!
Psn: ALPHANUMERICID
email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I didn't do anything illegal!
And everything else I won myself.
And PRS-ORG took away everything for me!
And when I go to my ban/suspend history, I don't have anything displayed
On help.PRS-ORG
I've never broken the PRS-ORG rules
Yes, thank you, because it is a huge sum!
Thank you
So, I will do nothing?
I just expect an answer by e-mail?
Thank you!
I hope I'll at least recover that
half of my credits
I sent the photo evidence before starting this file with you
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thanks, so here I ran into an issue for the second time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
I do pay 300 PRS-ORG points (which means money), so I decide to start a game.
and as soon as I log in, I get disconnected
probably cheaters
But it's the second time since I started doing drafts
and I'm starting to get fed up with being ripped off like this
I would like a refund of points.
agreed, thank you.
no problem
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 points PRS-ORG because you can't fix this problem
so you'll refund me
I paid
and I lost money.
so now I want a refund
it's not right to do that, players of your game lose money because of cheaters
and you do not refund?
find a way to repay me
I would not leave without my reimbursement
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription for PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional yearly subscription when it is already valid on playsation
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so in short the problem is PRS-ORG
the PRS-ORG subscription is multi-support?
if i have a subscription through p^laystation, is it valid in PRS-ORG?
or not?
no, you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but it's more valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log into my online PRS-ORG account whatsoever, the password reset does not work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, it tells me that there is already an account with that ID.
However, from my e-Reader, downloads are working fine.
Could you help me?
Regards.
EMAIL
no, since I can no longer access my account, but I just found 2 invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my eReader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it works; my last two purchases do indeed date back to February 16, 2020 and the amounts are the same as on my statement.
It's good, I just logged in via Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your homepage.
Case solved, thank you for your help, and have a good Sunday.
Thanks, just a purchase proposal: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but from the pocket format that has just come out, so cheaper than the large format that came out in 2018.
It's fine for me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
I can't play the PRS-ORG games
Unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas hello and thank you for your help
I have already downloaded PRS-ORG once before, today I tried again, but nothing changed
we tried it on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one s consoles, with no results
Yes.
We also tried to reset the console to factory settings, to no avail
update failed 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
excuse
when I go to manage the game on update there are no new ones available
yes, it's been 4 days since we got this error code
there is a problem updating it when we try to put the game back on the console it freezes
ok, thanks
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
Through the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I connect you with an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I asked via e-mail that a "employee" e-mail address be deleted so that I can reuse it on another account.
Your colleague answered me that it was not possible, when it was done for another address the day before.
I have not received any response to my 2nd message.
So I should hear something soon?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thanks, I had all the expected answers.
No, thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT: So nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, I can't make an online payment
transaction failed
Your file upload request has failed or been canceled.
it's really urgent, if possible to solve the problem today, thank you
no thanks
have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
as usual every month in spite of the fact that I recovered my twich prime pack
did not receive it in game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the EMAIL address
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS premium account, I feel that, each time, there is this problem of two distinct email addresses
Yes, I made the recovery request, and it said "successful recovery"
so the problem is with you and not me
And in the previous months, the person I had via chat generated the pack for me
thus, I think there is a problem with competence
I didn't log in on the console
exclusively via the app
Ok, thank you.
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
Via the chat
How would you like one of our agents to contact you?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 11:00 pm (CET) all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID and register excerpt yesterday around 17:00
My commercial register extract
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
The terminal is needed this morning.
I uploaded the documents as a direct application in my profile.
Yes
Okay, I'll call you back at 9:00 if it's still not working.
Are there other settings that need adjusting?
human
NAME-M_TEXT:Great to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Good morning,
Hello my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
i would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if it is possible to buy the Sum Up 3g without the printer.
because the price is very high
I want a second, professional version
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
Send me the link I can't find the PRS-ORG 3G without the pack
and?
nothing
Hello, my latest book "ces biens essentiels" is misformed.
It becomes illegible towards the end: superimposed characters and accents that are out of place.
It's too troublesome, I want a refund, thank you.
I'm picking up this conversation that started too late Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"these essential goods" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed, or if the problem is only with my e-reader...
I can take pictures, but not immediately.
For me it's page 294, but it can vary depending on the font size.
In any case, it's around 75%.
Willingly because there I'm not available for more
It's perfectly fine with me, thank you
thank you, have a good end of your service
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
talk to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
Hello NAME-F, a customer has paid through the link and I don't see his payment
URL
though with a debit on his account
yesterday
it is written accepted on my transactions...sent on my links.. but not paid
ah ok, thanks, how come it hasn't been immediate, like it usually is, when I use a link to pay
In principle, as soon as the payment has been made, I receive a notification of the transfer
the things have changed?
reconnect to the site and not the app?
ok, thank you
good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, can I ask your first name please to start?
Hello
Yesterday evening I launched a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my online draft team
At the start of the 1st match, the change never happened
After waiting 30 minutes, I turned the console off and back on again
The game tells me I left the game, so I lost my token and now have a handicap on future matches for abandoning
Can you fix this?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thanks for the feedback. I tried it last night.
But the app tells me I'm not eligible.
I have to say that this is quite scandalous.
I've spent 2 hours on this game for this.
Yes.
Thank you
I am expecting to hear from you very soon.
platforms
I have not made any purchases, and I have no audio books.
I bought my eReader in September.
yes thanks
I have been trying since yesterday to add books from my adobe to my liseuse.
but it keeps telling me I'm not authorized.
I have removed all my authorizations and later installed them again and there is no change.
I followed all the steps that I found on your site but nothing happens.
The error message I get on my e-reader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
after allowing your reader previously, you must re-import it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is allowed everywhere on my computer as well as on the eReader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I've had my eReader since September.
I contacted you in December for the same case.
meaning it's the second time in a year that I've had this problem.
I love my eReader but when it causes me problems like this, I don't feel like recommending it to people in my social circle.
If I follow your steps I will lose my connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I have disabled my permissions and uninstalled adobe.
I will restart my computer and download adobe again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello
I can no longer log into my fut account
It was stated that too many clubs have been created
While I've already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account, it says account fut creation limit reached
While this morning I was able to play with this account
Sorry my name is NAME-M
You can help me, please
Thank you
No problem
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
YES, THANKS
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO CONNECT TO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING.
IT SHOWS UP A SERVER ERROR ON MY IPHONE
ON PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG INTO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL HERE?
Ok, it's not serious but can you help me solve my problem
OK THANKS, IF THE PROBLEMS ARE DUE TO A MAINTENANCE ISSUE I'M RELIEVED AND WILL BE PATIENT
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
an inquiry is already open
PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the content that I had downloaded illegally
or compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, and every year I spend €400 on PRS-ORG points in addition to buying the game
and I am told over the phone that I won't be able to retrieve anything
A file is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the content that was hacked this morning or to be compensated with PRS-ORG points.
I've been playing for 10 years, I've paid 400€ in PRS-ORG points each year, and I also buy the game... and they tell me on the phone that I won't get anything back
So what do I do?
EMAIL
I've already carried out the operation that you are going to ask me
give you the code, change the mdp etc
i just want to compete with my team this weekend
and I can no longer do anything
I put money into the game every year, I have been paying salaries for 10 years and the only time you ever get back to me is when I need you
I was hacked between 9am and 11:30am today
Can you "erase" that and make things back to how they were this morning?
at 8am I still had my whole club
Please spare me the lecture.
Agent
Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with any questions regarding your payment terminal, your deposits and much more.
For the most complex cases, I will put you in touch with a human being.
So what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I browse through your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry about it.
A human can give you information on your account status.
I made a transfer of 1019, which I feel was rejected by my bank, and I would like to know if it has been returned to your system.
Alright
Ok, thanks, that's great.
So I stay in the waiting period, that's right
Thank you
I will stay put
No, thank you very much
I will wait until the afternoon
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm having a good day, I hope the same for you ;).
I don't know if you can read my file, but the question is in it
otherwise, I can repeat it
Sorry?
Your sentence is cut off
I just wanted to know, in the career there are a lot of haircuts, while in the pro clubs there isn't much
Is this normal?
And why?
Otherwise, do you plan to put them later?
No, it is good, thank you
Don't worry!
have a nice day
I will come back to you if it hasn't been done
goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
I have a concern with the verification system for connecting to my account
I don't receive the email containing the security verification number
After I introduced my login and password.
I checked my spam as well
On the PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically, so no worries, but I wanted to do the companion app for PRS-ORG on android
The same when I try to sign in on my internet browser.
924311
This email passes through without a problem
It looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope I won't have further problems
NAME-M_TEXT: I understand that you are experiencing difficulties in making payments because of your transaction limit.
Do you want to talk about it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, i
you like it,No, I'm contacting you for something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
yes
I am really blocked with my customers regarding payments
I sent my PRS-ORG
yes
the delay please
delay of arrival
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer and I'm unable to play
he told me that there were too many computers
mercui
thank you
Oh?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
besides my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't be having problems
i do not understand?
I have it in my PRS-ORG account
de PRS-ORG normal license
and in addition to the PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licences
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help?
hello I am receiving e-mails asking me to provide more information or give them, thank you
moreover, I sent all of it by e-mail, unless
Of course this is a copy paste of the message received
Please note that as stated in our Terms of Use (URL), a single PRS-ORG profile is intended for a single and exclusive use.
Please tell us for which activity you will be using your profile and provide proof (invoice, facebook link, etc.) for this activity.
If you want to use your PRS-ORG point of sale terminal for another commercial activity, you should create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Sincerely,
Peter
PRS-ORG Registration Service
I go to the fairs and walks, I'm also a Plombier, here's the products I sell on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
do I send them all by the email I received ??
yes I sent kbis and a link to my facebook
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, can I ask for your first name please to start?
Hi my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't preload PRS-ORG. I was told that normally everything should be solved quickly... but it is not. I preordered it to play it tomorrow. If I can't download it, it means I can't play it tomorrow.
So I would like to cancel this preorder and that I can rep-preorder the game hoping that this time it works
Thank you for favorably answering my request :)
Of course
My email address is EMAIL
My idea is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I now re-order it?
or I'll have to wait?
okay, thanks :)
i would recommend it to anybody
Thank you very much for your competences :D
Perfect, thanks, the preloading is working well!
Everything works perfectly!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name, please, to start?
i have latency in games although I should be qualified for fgs
it's unbelievable
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
all is fine
and the players are heavy when I pass, the ball arrives 5 seconds later, that's just not possible
sir, it's no use
i'm logged in
I have a perfect connection
there are 5 days of normal walking
and I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help?
Hello
My terminal doesn't work
It says "transaction declined"
I got an email asking me to update my profile.
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have the necessary documents
I need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 great events
Very good, I will send the documents to you quickly
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG one month ago.
There are certain times and I only know that a payment has been made
I bought a banned tale, The little mischievous thief
I would like to be reimbursed for the error I incurred.
11.49
Yes
A PRS-ORG payment of more than 9.99 went to my credit card
But I'm unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed
Will I be reimbursed for the error?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated cases, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to deal with it for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, my name is NAME-M, I am PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and much more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it is marked as 'shop closed'
Thanks, I managed it
Have a good day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Through the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello I'm french and I created a belgian sum up
I am not receiving the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I must delete once the Belgian account is active.
can you do what's necessary please
06 68 11 75 30 c is my personal phone number
with whom I wish to receive the code
Hello, I'm contacting you to express my dissatisfaction.
I've been playing since PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, I have always liked this game.
PRS-ORG mode is the mode that has kept me on edge since PRS-ORG 12.
It is undeniable that I stop playing PRS-ORG increasingly earlier in the year as time passes.
The PRS-ORG champions mode is the mode that really got me hooked, but now it's almost impossible to get in... rank 3 had a match against rank 2 last week, and I can't get in this week either.
I hope to receive a major update very soon in order to change my qualification to that of PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I don't think I will continue playing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, not enough with my PRS-ORG  champions compromise qualification, and it's impossible for me to collect 1500 points and pass the 9 qualifying matches before this weekend
How?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope that things will change.
I like the ultimate team mode, I like playing in PRS-ORG Champions.
I get the feeling that to access it and win good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very large team.
We hope that this will change very quickly, see you soon, otherwise goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I'm not the only one so that things move quickly.
Not at all. Thank you.
Have a good day, stay strong, and I hope for a very quick update
telephone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?”
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid confusion, please also only ask me one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one phone number with your account, but you can have the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number goes beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I'm being asked to add a phone number to my profile, but I can't change the number associated with my account
so it's a dumb number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes no worries
yes but the code never arrives
I was asked for the verification code
but the latter was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want
yes, but this is THE WRONG number
and I can't change my number
For now I didn't receive any verification code
PHONENUMBER
they tell me that to start to take it
I need you to check my phone number
I have just started using your service and there are already problems
hello how do I use alphanumeric
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, like "How do I change my email address?"
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:Well, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can register only one phone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since I am unable to change a phone number, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
The current number is the PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
Please
great, thanks a lot
no thanks, you have a good day
I would like to speak with an agent
I would like to speak with an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT: I’m sorry NAME-F, I didn’t really understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Mrs. NAME-F; I hope you are doing great.
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, OK, thank you
No, it's okay.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player, I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but they do not appear on my ultimate team account
The thing is, I recently changed the email address associated with my account and I entered a newer email address: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is as follows.
EMAIL I am afraid that PRS-ORG points are going to the wrong account.
CD keys an online site.
The code was good, as when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked
Will my PRS-ORG points be transferred to another account?
Even though I only have one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code successfully and it was accepted on PRS-ORG.
Store from my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I start utimate team the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL but that of my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just recently updated it
Are the PRS-ORG points active on the wrong account?
How do you do it?
Do I have to come back to you for a work of purchase?
Can't check what PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are on?
speaking to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hi I'm NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hi, I'm trying to link my store to my domain name.
The lights are green, but the status is still "not connected"
You didn't understand
My store is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes.
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I am still not logged in.
Is it taking a little time?
yes?
Okay, noted.
Thank you
I will wait in this case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in on PRS-ORG
it says to me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email, it doesn't work, so I created the account, but I can't put it on the game
my name is NAME-F, sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, there is a moment to find it, it is my old email
but by marking my old one, it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
my es live on psn email address is the same as in your email
it doesn't work
so in fact we're blocked from playing
I don't think that this happens to me, I will surely have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the games
to have games and not use them is cool
I'm not going to create a new PSN just for the game, you will create several accounts
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi, I’m NAME-M. Can I ask you for your first name, please, to start?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... even though I've made many purchases
How can I get points... and what are they for?
I bought many games and kits for PRS-ORG.
and yet, from the time I have never received any points ..
I have never received any points... and I have never bought any...
what are they used for?
I thought we could accumulate points on purchases made on your site..
The PRS-ORG points
Thanks and Merry Christmas to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and to the point, for example, "How do I change my email address?
”.
Talking to a counsellor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be put in touch with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By telephone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
I want to talk to an advisor on the phone, but I can't do it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I do have.
tired of calling you every day to verify my account.
I cancel its opening, I retract, and I open an account elsewhere
yes
I want to close the account
you talk to the future, now is when I want to close the account in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also gave me a high priority :)
I've already contacted your site
Regency.
A countryside party
delivery
I logged out and logged in, but it still doesn't work
I can't read it
Book bought on October 2
The screen blocks on the first page
I'm forced to reload PRS-ORG just to get access to my home page.
Yes, that's it
It is good.
Thank you
Great!
Goodbye.
On which date was my business account opened?
talk to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, my name is NAME-M, I am PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
🤖 I’m here to help if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For more complicated ones, I put you in contact with a human being.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I’m NAME-F, I didn’t quite catch that.
Could you please rephrase your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation.
for my tax declaration, I would like to know when my pro account was opened?
where can I find the exact date?
no, I opened the pro account afterwards
how can I find this info?
Yes
this is for my tax declaration they are asking me for this information!
thank you
Hello sir
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
my password does not work anymore
this is the 2nd one in two weeks
I can't reset my password because I never received your email...
And that I'm forced to contact you via chat or telephone to resolve this issue.
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again, please?
124876
we can say I'm a regular now ahaha
I was able to change my password successfully
and I can log into PRS-ORG
Thank you
thanks again and till next time (I hope your servers can still remember my mdP)
Have a great day!
my mobile cannot be authenticated
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-M, I did not understand.
Could you reformulate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:It's great to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents but this goes beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M
yes
I can't strong authenticate my current phone
I got the text.
But the app is not taking into account the manipulation.
no mistake
when I'm in the strong authentication menu
could not validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi, I'm NAME-N. Can I ask your first name, please?
Thanks as well to
Can I clarify my request?
Well, an investigation is currently being done on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked before yesterday
Can I still use my account while the investigation is ongoing?
Because I mainly play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying
Perfect agreement, you don't have any length of stay to give me?
Because it's complicated when you have nothing left in your club
Very well, and well, thank you
No, nothing at all, thank you
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I wish to change my address
I made a mistake about the contents
not the home address
I made a mistake
I'm living for free with my boyfriend
how can i do
otherwise I have bills from my mobile
or insurance
yes, I'm looking
I don't want to get the PRS-ORG card
until I have changed the address, please
right
I'll send the documents in a short while
Hello, I'm NAME-F, NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help if your questions are short and specific, e.g. “How can I change my email address?”
".
Also, to avoid confusion, please only ask one question at a time.
hello I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: Only one phone number can be registered in your account, but you can install the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) on multiple smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant capabilities, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I can no longer access that number
PHONENUMBER
yes it is and when to log how long after
because I cannot pay into my account
thank you very much
No, thanks to you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Your game starts to inflate me!
Same problem as the last futchamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys quit so that counts as my defeat even though it's the guy who leaves
so, I won't get my reward 4 draft victories
and I lose my 15000 credits
Even though you did nothing wrong for my last Futchamp, I lost 2 ranks because of it
Do not hesitate
EMAIL
Are you going to say that I should escalate the information, and then do nothing?
So?
No, it was him who left
I'm using a computer, not a console. My fibre connection is 600M.
and I didn't get any microcuts since I was using PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut
It's him who's leaving
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player, the game considers that it is him
It's shit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M
I am having an issue with my PRS-ORG account.
I do not have access to the transfer market in the app or on the web.
On the other hand, access works on the game directly
NAME-M
Could you please help me sir?
I'm doing well thanks, and I hope you are too
Alor on the PRS-ORG it is ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of buying credits on my old account.
I have therefore created a new PRS-ORG account, this time with the goal of enjoying the game to the fullest, without breaking the rules, this time.
Only then did the access not go through the new account
I play with the Lyon team when I am in Lyon mode.
I really like Paqueta's overall rating of 81.
I'm going to nominate it for POTM right now
And who is your favourite player?
Great player, Mbappe indeed, you have good taste.
He's making a very good start to the season, including with the PRS-ORG
Thank you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days now and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
All right, I'll just keep on having fun then.
The main thing is to be able to get to it on the console.
But the app is very convenient for remote management.
Thank you very much NAME-M anyway.
I wish you a very good day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
Peter
Quite simple I think.
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6th in Gold Edition
And today when I tried to install it, I got this message: "Unfortunately, it looks like a billing problem has occurred with your pre-order"
So I went to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged as "processing"
I realize that paypal has never been debited
So I'm changing my payment method
I now wish for my game to be unlocked, quite simply
EMAIL
I see it, but it's labeled "Pre-order failed"
PRS-ORG
That does not change the problem
I've just done the operation
And I always get Pre-order failed.
So you cannot just re-send the order or something?
Because I have definitely entered my payment details, and I still don't see the problem being resolved
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG telling me that I can play
I have relaunched PRS-ORG
I think that's enough after clearing the cache
And if I restart it, I'll lose our conversation
Via the chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments to 2 different accounts.
I've sent you messages on this before.
I have just ordered a second unit, but it is sending me back to the same account.
How can I do it?
Kind regards
How would you like to be contacted with one of our agents?
Please wait a moment while I connect you to an agent who can assist you with your inquiry...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader at 19€
Yes, I would like it by email.
I haven't received the case yet, but everything should be OK for this Wednesday.
So, when I receive it, can I set it up for another account?
I got an email this morning saying my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL
Thank you.
This morning's mail was in French, but usually I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change that so I have all communications in French.
Thank you
So, no.
At first, I received the emails in French, but the most recent ones are all in English.
I sent several messages to that effect with no success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
Good evening, I am coming back because I think I have identified the problem
I am only lagging on PRS-ORG at the moment and I wanted to see how my accounting with the server is if there is a problem or not
because I have a sign that I'm losing packets when I checked on teamspeak and I have had no loss for 50 min
as you can see in this picture
URL
Good evening, as I'm having huge problems I thought I'd try asking you, this is my last solution.
:(
URL here is one of my problem's videos
URL
And sometimes I don't see any sign of lost packets, but I do have delays.
Is this a problem with me or the game?
Because I'm going crazy
You'll fix it with a patch, I suppose?
But in how long?
Because I can’t play at all in these conditions and not at all in a professional club either
Thank you to you, I hope everything goes well :)
Good evening, thank you
Good courage for this week ahead
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry.
Your device appears to be faulty.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO OPEN ALPHANUMERICID FAILED TO LOAD
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUR INTO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S AVOIR RENTRER MON NOM ET MON IBAN JE VALIDE
AND FAILURE OF THE TRANSACTION
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE MATCH
LOADING FAILED
I have low speed fiber in 1mois
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
hello
I find myself annoyed and I want to divide my account into 2
I is more hardline
and more access to my other mailbox
The problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or a has been changed to vinsvodoo (inverse)
is either EMAIL
is either EMAIL
with PRS-ORG jamais de problem, each time it is PRS-ORG that crashes
that is
I don't have access to this email address, it is registered on Facebook but was created more than 15 years ago
I had talked once to one of your colleagues, it worked again and so on
my real address is EMAIL
I find it annoying I knew I should not be coming back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG i get it all back in 1h
so you will lose money because I will no longer buy from you
Hello,
I have a major problem with downloading books from a library, which I recently encountered.
The book is downloaded from the library onto my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.
I connect the eReader to the computer to retrieve the book; the content is imported.
I'm sure I ejected my reader before disconnecting it from the computer, and for a brief moment the cover of the downloaded book appeared on the reader.
Then, when I try to open the downloaded book, I get a message telling me that my eReader is not authorized to open this book and that I have to authorize it again with my PRS-ORG ID and reimport it.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, so I have permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy the book but I downloaded it from the library.
The latest is today, and it's N.E.O.
- Volume 1: The Fall of the Iron Sun by NAME-M.
I think so.
In any case, I'm connected to wi-fi and automatic synchronization is activated.
I don't know when the last sync was done.
The date and time are correct.
How can it affect the permission?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the permission and delivery.
I'm going to try again.
Currently I've got ADE 4.5.11. But I don't understand why!
It has been almost 1 year since I started using it.
What are factory settings?
hello, i didn't receive the payment on 3 february
I miss a payment
I have not received my 3 payment from February 3rd
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human being.
So, what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
You have opted for payments to be made onto the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds are then available on your card from the day after the transaction, including at weekends.
Important: If the transaction you are waiting for was carried out before card payments were set up, then the funds will be paid into the registered bank account, not to the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes of payment method or frequency do not affect transactions from the past.
{ChatWindowButton:I'm missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello my name is NAME-N, thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in this case the intervention of a human being seems necessary.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thanks
Okay, thank you very much
Ok, thank you very much
No thanks a lot.
thank you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello, you know that the game star wars battlefront 2 is unplayable
no one died1hp due to a bug or a godmode hack
you have known that for several days
the game becomes unplayable
Hello?
EMAIL
the problems come from you!
Servers
Thousands of players complain and you act as if...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the developers have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is definitely a server hack
thank you for customers and after-sales service
disgraceful
no respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please hold while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello,
Yes.
My terminal is locked
I'm looking for a way to send payment request links to clients
I don't have this function on my app
It is no longer under warranty.
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I'm looking for a way to send payment links to my clients
But I don't have the payments by link in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, that would really help me
I count on you, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
I have a problem linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
You want the email from my PRS-ORG account, is that it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
An error occurred.
An error has prevented us from processing your request.
Try again later.
For PRS-ORG Rewards
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the latest sent ID card is good.
and also, how do I configure my bank account?
which one is the recorded one?
yes, and I sent a CI with no return
I don't have an IBAN that ends in 0507
Yes
I can't modify it directly from the app.
and I just sent back the ID card... pretty urgent, still...
ok.. good bye bh I'll send you my IBAN..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, it's going well thanks
I would like your help, because I have never been lucky with the PRS-ORG game.
I have played it since I was 10 and I have never been a great player.
My friend included One to Watch by Hakimi in his preorder pack and I got NAME-N... A few days ago NAME-M was there.
I keep putting money into the game, purchasing the pre-order to get 4600 PRS-ORG points and I just can’t seem to catch a break.
I don't know what to do, please help me
I'd be happy to hear that but how come my friend has all these players?
It even had an icon in a preview pack...
Well, too bad if you can do nothing
But thanks anyway
I will then definitely stop playing this game
Thank you, happy holidays
Through chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I received an invoice via sms, I'd like to receive it by email to get reimbursed
transaction id ALPHANUMERICID 146.95€
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice in my email.
Thank you
Hello, for the past 2 days, I've been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase I've entered all the details, I clicked continue and save, the visa status light is flashing continuously and I've received no response.
I uninstalled the app and then reinstalled it, but the problem persists.
What is going on?
Thanks for your answer
EMAIL
The revenge of PRS-ORG
I wish to buy the T2.
Yes, but usually it doesn't stick to payment!
Why now?
What do I do then?
Okay.
Thank you, I will do so right away
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my account, which has already been blocked
I want my money in my account, my account is already closed
Ok.
I agree but I already sent you a new bank account number where the money will be transferred
yes i am the one
yes I am
yesterday i already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account Holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I made a mistake linking to the wrong account on PRS-ORG
EMAIL
yes
It is not linked to any account, I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I don't want that I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes I can't log in to my account
yes but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my competetion PRS-ORG and I would like to dissociate it
I just paid 90 Euros for the ultimate edition
Thank you
hello
my device is locked what can I do
For the more complicated ones, I put you in contact with a human.
What can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system kicked in, and the lock-down is irreversible.
I am unable to process this type of request, so I will put you in touch with an agent who will be able to carry out the necessary checks and come up with a solution to your problem.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F. I'll be with you in a moment while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
could I have a phone number to call, please
thank you for me, it will be easier.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M, I am the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?
’.
In order to avoid any confusion, please only ask me one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on your device's screen, unfortunately, it means that it is broken.
Its security system engaged, and that lockdown is irreversible.
Since we are not able to process this type of request, I will connect you to an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes sorry I have customers
I received an error code from bk PHONENUMBER
then I connected and pressed the start button
I have tried holding down to boot and release to boot
he died
i have invalid bk
sorry, I will contact you again when I have more time, I have a client meeting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
NAME-M
This is the third time my team is disconnected in a match and I have to count the match as a loss although I win 3-0 or 4-0
this makes me lose ranks and therefore progress in my team
I repeat, I have disconnections during team clash matches.
I am logged out and therefore lose the match while I win this match
but it was not online.
so nothing to do
I am in a clash with Equiope, so it is your game that is making me angry...
degout
I am fed up. I play the game and I get taken for a ride... I really feel that you could care less about players like me
not to mention the times when I find myself at 8 or 9 hours before the beginning of the match because of a bug...
Hello
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
NAME-M's '1', but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font sizes are accessible, it's written too small and the print quality is bad ...
I am disappointed by this purchase from your platform which, usually, offers me well prepared books!
I would therefore like the repayment of the 15,99 € involved
Thank you in advance
Kind regards,
EMAIL
Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
1 of NAME-M bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No thanks, it's perfect!
Hi, I want to reset my password, but I don't get the email sent by PRS-ORG!
How can I do?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
the fiancées of the pacific
I will try PRS-ORG
I'm connected on my computer but on my reader...
how do I reset my panelsaw?
I didn't receive any email
ok
I just tested and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG password are correct, but my e-Reader does not recognize my account
there was an update last night and since then I can't access it anymore
it says: impossible connection
it seems that the URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
but I’m using Wi-Fi with my computer and have connected my reader to it
i clicked again and it's loading...
Yes!!!
it's here, he just needed a little more time!...
phew thanks for your help
ok, I have started reading the book I bought yesterday...
good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14 and I have not received it yet…
February 11 pardon
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thanks in advance!
Yes on your website
Here is the number for the purchase order PHONENUMBER
Follow-up reveals that, since 14 February, one package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I did order via this account… I received an invoice at my EMAIL
But I have another profile with EMAIL as the email address
But usually I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get a commission of 1.49%
It is this one
The one I am writing to you on
Is there a telephone number to call one of your colleagues in person?
It would be easier to do it in person
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
This is the PO number given on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
Everything is working well, thank you. However, I am experiencing a technical problem with the PRS-ORG game on PC
I haven't been able to access the transfer market to buy a player in more than an hour.
how is that possible?
Thank you in advance and looking forward to your reply.
It seems to me that this is a security block that PRS-ORG has implemented to prevent hackers and bots.
But I am not one of them.
This one.
when I look at the transfer market of PRS-ORG
when launching the search for the player I want
it indicates to me
"a communication problem with PRS-ORG servers occurred, please try again later"
the whole rest of the game works except for the transfer market or so it tells me this message and ejects me from the transfer market
very well, thank you
thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor.
Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent who can assist with your inquiry...
What can I do for you today?
I am sorry NAME-M, I did not understand very well.
Could you please rephrase your request?
I want to speak to an advisor
Hello my name is , please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I have changed my phone number and no longer have access to the transfer
Which ones?
The code was sent to my old number
That I'm not more
Do you understand?
Hello
You are the ace
Yeah, I am right after
Yes, but I'm not the old number
To which address should the email be sent?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
And hopefully you too!
While trying to launch the 24-hour mission of NAME-M, I realised that the chateau of PRS-ORG which unlocked it was gone, along with all its accessories.
He is no longer in my city, and he is not on the inventory…
No, it is on the iPad.
No.
The game begins.
I wanted to start the 24h mission NAME-M that requires the PRS-ORG mansion, and that's when I found out that this chateau is no longer in my town or in my inventory
It was Boitingham Castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M, but no more the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I am not able to verify my identity, can I reach you?
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
can you give me your email address so I can send you the identity card
contacted me by e-mail
your message does not display
leave me a message by email it will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
