Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you by email about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my whole team has been sold and packages have been bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked ....
I have already changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified email address no longer exists.
In order to change my login details, I need to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
by NAME-F
That's fine
Email address: EMAIL
No?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
close the old one?
I can't find where to do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but didn't receive it.
Can someone contact them?
EMAIL
January 2 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 Pass no. 013
This is with the payment
It's in between them.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audiobooks by NAME-M, €52, but I can’t download them as sound files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please reply quickly, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it doesn't download anything.
If your information at the time of purchase was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the website's responsible people to correct the information?
That could help me in the future, if I should order something.
I just logged out on advice and logged in again, but still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader
When I want to pay, I am redirected to the payment method, which was never like that, very small unreadable letters, and then he asks if you are sure that you want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
First delete everything via the website
re-enter and how do I sync PRS-ORG
I'm doing it with the e-reader
I'm going to try again for now, thank you in advance if it doesn't work, I will contact you
I will contact you about interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I also can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can't get in anymore)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or by NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for that does not come to my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't log in to that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha! I am going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being, the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account's pw combination.
I have now requested a w pword.
Now it seems to work...
Yes, all right!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
Over and close.
I'm trying to put e-books on our pocket book, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a 1-month trial period.
Could that affect it?
It concerns the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all is well you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Done, Write Review, and Clear.
Why has this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
Then at this point the trial has failed.
I can no longer open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I keep getting kicked out.
I can open the other books.
It's only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!it works again.
Thank you
No.
I'm going to read a book.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
By now
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw it today
What about PRS-ORG points I purchased from the Microsoft Store from PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them they say that I should contact you
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's talk about the PRS-ORG points purchases first
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I've been working on it for years and would really like to continue/solve it now.
How nice that you can type in Dutch.
Yes, I would like that, and then see if I can also get my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
Already a few times, but then it still doesn't work.
I created a 2nd account, it does work.
I was wondering if my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Want to reset it again?
yes, after a password reset, it worked now, thanks a lot!
I'll check if my game is there now..
But my game is not in it.
Can you help me with that?
Oh but I can still see my orders in the history.
Great, go ahead and look.
Thanks!!
no, in browser
I can now, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have subscribed to an PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on "try again" I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Rebooting the PlayStation does not solve the problem either.
Re-downloading the app doesn't work either
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only I don't get that discount automatically yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
I still need the PRS-ORG hub for that, right?
So when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, I don't get an additional 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, although that should happen.
How do I contact them about that?
And on September 22, I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation Store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to have my date of birth changed
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave him a bad bad review .
I'll give you a good one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
All is well, thank you.
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, on PRS-ORG I had that.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches, it still hasn't worked
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried everything.
After that I ordered another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I've tried everything.
After that, I ordered another book and it worked fine.
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number that is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It is there
No, that was everything.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find them anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
Bought my first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I have been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
How do I get my ebook on it?
As long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hi, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have tried several cables and laptops, but everywhere the same.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and caused a fault.
I can also no longer perform updates/synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about this?
Thank you in advance for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader, so I don't use an account for that
Then I do have the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
Meanwhile, the e-reader has been reset, but still it does not make contact with the laptop.
On the reader it says that it is connected indeed and it also loads, but on the laptop it remains that access has been denied.
USB device not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
The title of a book is 'If you are so smart, why are you not happy?'.
thanks NAME-M, also a nice day for you.
I will let you know when I find my account.
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not the cable
other computers also do not recognize my e-reader
I already cleared the drivers and followed several tips that I found on the internet.
I use the supplied cable, and have even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
that's not it either
my proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my trust in PRS-ORG has dropped a bit because of this I notice
factory settings also tried.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the USB ports could still be possible
But contact with PRS-ORG seems like a better idea to me, because I don't have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves.
thanks.
I quickly looked, but it's not in there.
the USB ports are working perfectly
I will contact PRS-ORG
thanks for brainstorming
thank you NAME-M
no, I will continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 days Dutch was the most recent ebook
Good evening.
I'll wait.
I anticipate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after purchasing.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of e-books that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 e-books through PRS-ORG, I mean.
Ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my plus subscription.
So I assume that some of the e-books I have will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get money refunded
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days further now and I haven't received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take your time
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% wasn't working
she indicated to just make the purchase and then I would receive 30 euro back within a few hours
Unfortunately, I have not yet received anything on my account.
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
Only I wonder why you are going to refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I actually thought it would be on my account already on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication when it is credited, I am more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit.
I'm completely at and have purchased all the new ebooks from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 business days that is clear.
So no later than next Thursday
Thanks, you helped me perfectly and have a nice evening
Great, I'm going to fill that in
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap on a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription?
OK
But I can download other books for free, e.g. PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
those 15 books are per month.
I must delete the books I have read.
I read on a e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Repair?
I don't see any repair.
done
I still have to pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it for free.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I have not deleted anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I just can't load it.
It says: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game is saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, I have not deleted anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then of course I've lost my progress.
I don't know if I completely understand it.
So I start a new game.
Then I will save.
But how do I copy the URL file then?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a moment please
Typing takes a long time
To play certain games, I need to sign in with an PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That's right, one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I'll see if I can manage.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
I had the choice of UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/numbersup NAME-M.
I of course wanted to take this NAME-M.
But because I checked his player details first, my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness so I already find it difficult to see which pick I indicate.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and this just jumps back.
I'm really bored with this.
Yes, there is indeed a confirmation requested, but there is no player name there, I think?
I did take a photo to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as proof here?
Too bad.
Just find it very remarkable that I'm on NAME-M, viewing his player bio.
I went back and then pressed X to select this player, but suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter, even though I'd like to admit that the mistake was on my side when selecting and selecting 'yes' again.
But by then the 'bug' or quirk had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate this
Yes, you can do that.
And what could be the consequences of this?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
ring-a-ding-ding from NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I saw there that my subscription expired on March 14, 2018....!
Then tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription has been terminated because the financial data did not match ... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit was made.
Not that I know of....I bought the e-reader in August 2017 and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After six months, it turned out that I had a subscription at both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don't ask me how that's possible... but one subscription was canceled.
Then I dutifully paid every month with the credit card.
the last debit was on December 14th.....
December 14, 2020
So reactivate it at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that..... thanks in advance for your help...... if it doesn't work I'll get back to you!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I'm trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure it comes in my account?
thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be it
it is in my account
Thank you!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but it will be okay
thanks for the help for now
no, it's all good
thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, right?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL and the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will soon expire.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know that.
I can only see in my PRS-ORG account that it mentions URL.
That's right.
And on the e-reader at settings (so the device) EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should also be changed to EMAIL .
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, is it important that PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the e-reader device.
I don't understand.
Do I have to log out of the old email address in the subsection PRS-ORG settings/accounts on the device?
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I also have to sign out of the Pocket section?
And now in Adobe, the withdrawal of the authorization is also with the old email address.
Will it be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digibeet
And am I at risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account anyway.
I did not receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did receive this book
Enclosed is proof of my payment
Thanks for your answer.
These are the two books.
See the photo above
Surely you can also see in my account that I did not get those two books
- Date on which the costs were charged: June 7 2023
Amount: €24.98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postcode is 3840.
See further payment details in the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- name of the credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book of the seventh sister on May 6 at 20:05, but I can't sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I can't see it in my PRS-ORG recruits account either.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date directly
Yes
Check it out..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03h
I will do that.
I found the book!
:) Thank you very much for the quick help!
No, it is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem.
Did you see my screenshot?
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I've been having trouble with this for a long time now..
That's right.
I sent you a screen shot of my status.
it stays on gray and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc myself.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It would be a shame (unfortunate) if I had to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that might be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your reply and have a great evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to log in now but it doesn't work.
The verification code sent goes to an incorrect email address as well.
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I don't get an email from this.
*Not even on unwanted
I already tried that, but I didn't receive an email.
When I try to create a new one, I get a message that an account already exists with that email address.
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in store.
I have the installation code.
I am NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
Certainly.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Bought new in any case
That's fine, I'll wait a while
This does not seem correct to me.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because installing it on the PC at home is not possible.
So we haven't even gotten to entering the code.
I bought a stand-alone DVD player just for this game this week!
I'm going to try that.
Do you want to wait a bit?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, this is not very satisfying.
We are honest people and can't get the game installed that we bought new ourselves.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Have a nice evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that it will contact you.
This subscription was canceled before renewal, so the reminder is invalid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already canceled it before the renewal.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated
Yes by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
in addition to this subscription I have nothing else running
PRS-ORG Read &amp; listen, 2021 to 2021
1x
€12.99
but I had already canceled it before this period
Ah okay, they referred me back to you.
but I will contact them again
Thanks for the effort.
I understand
No, that was it.
thanks, still working
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG and it was debited, but I did not receive an ebook.
Ordered by phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my ereader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps as in turn off etc etc
EMAIL
20 and book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going great
If I leave the chat, is this gone?
I have mobile banking
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 card number.014
It's on it!
Thank you very much.
Greetings and have a nice day
Hello, I have an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official hoejse with which it automatically goes into sleep mode and it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I then opened it (it has not fallen, has not been moved and nothing has stood up.
It also didn't get wet) the screen looked weird.
In the upper part, you can see that it is still in sleep mode. Then, in stripes and triangles, you can see part of the book, the cover, and it still says something like "94% read."
There are also vertical lines.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then it remains visible, but when I turn it on again, something changes on the screen as if it is going to turn on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how can this happen after only a year?
Hello
EMAIL
And I think it's a PRS-ORG
Excuse the late reply.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has already had rest, I have already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this for no reason.
Good evening, ah that's strange.
I'm sending it as a pdf now, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Great!
Thanks.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
Book has arrived by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG next time.
Thanks for the info.
And have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account can no longer be found according to the login tab.
Which is very unfortunate because there is quite a bit of money in it.
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account is no longer existing
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M that you should know, dude
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes so you guys have put Knock out city for free but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city from PRS-ORG switch for 30 euros.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I needed to contact you.
Yes okay thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
I want to get PRS-ORG again this year, but I can't access the web app now. Can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I then enter the web app from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years, just not 22.
you have all the information, right
Hmm, then my friends will have a headstart because they can use the web app earlier, I'm not sure if I'll be able to get it then
Hmm too bad there's nothing to do about it, then I won't get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can't log in anymore
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that's called that
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the mail address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I'm not getting that
correct, it is in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app altogether
is this because you have to log in once a month or?
then I will try that
thanks in advance
coming well, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Oops, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
In fact, I had the problem that I did not get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Really?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store in Belgium (I'm also in Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to
I can already pre-load it on September 21.
But I can't add it.
Is this because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adjusted certain laws in the gaming sector when it comes to purchases?
Because e.g.
In Belgium you can't buy PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to be sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I'm paying for it.
that PRS-ORG just for that..
Okay.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any offenses.
This has been passed on to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone, please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result…
I'm really getting discouraged
Thank you, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there any phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just experienced something weird, I don't understand it.
I log into my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG on.
Is no longer in my library
how can this happen?
That's right, but I just logged into PRS-ORG and there I see it.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I believe, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see that
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well but I'm really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can now start all over again and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
So currently there is a strange email address, as can be seen in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it well protected with 2-step verification,  I already changed my PSN password.
Only I can't access the PRS-ORG account, not even in the PRS-ORG app.
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had previously contacted my problem.
However, I received a phone call, which caused my contact to end the call.
But now I am present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to seems to have ensured that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it only says "loading" with a clock.
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
Meanwhile, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
That's all I need to know.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you and keep up the good work!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I've been waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this will take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn't take that long.
Can you check how long?
Because I am constantly told that I have to wait but no time indication
1 week was said that is now 1 week
And you can't see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'm going by this now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But I'm not getting this.
PRS-ORG
Spoke
I was never told very unprofessional so?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Waiting
And do nothing and just wait
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to, and I forgot my password.
I've been logged out of my account, so I can't do anything now.
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via the mail or?
The linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
Yes, that's right. Over the years, I created a new email address and forgot to change it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
I restart
It turns out that the package I got from that sbc was quickly sold
And of course you understand that I would never sell that if it was not tradeable.
Yeah, I would just like to have my price out of that sbc
I also added photos of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my nickname
and my email address is I think EMAIL
and otherwise my old one which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on PC, I keep getting the message "Secure boot is not enabled"
I have tried everything I found on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I haven't been able to play anything yet
And I would like to play but I can't.
Okay
Thanks for your help I'll just wait then.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1, and they were not deposited into my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in, nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay and then
But they say contact us.
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear sir/madam,
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but now that it has become crossplay, I bought eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app, but I am automatically logged into my PRS-ORG playstation account, which I don't want to use this year, I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now I have removed my Playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log into the web app
thank you
No, I have never played PRS-ORG on PC, but I am in the process of preloading PRS-ORG.
okay so this is because I never created an ultimate team on the pc?
If I do this, will I be able to use the web app completely when the game is released?
well damn that I'm missing a lot of coins now :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question regarding an update of an already open request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that time, it was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take approximately 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there might be an update since I still haven't received a response/compensation or the like for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
The past week there was indeed an update every day that the status is updated and remains under consideration.
Of course, it's a bit annoying, but you yourself don't know exactly what still needs to happen or how far they are in doing it.
Hopefully so, the desire to play the game has been much less over the past week
In any case, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I keep getting no access to server.
but I created a new PS5 account and it works on this
the same for all my friends, they can also still play rivals
I've already done a restart and all the help that is online.
but unfortunately, nothing
and it's been like this all day so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow either.
Correct
great!
Thank you in advance
I did get a market ban, I am currently considering it, but this shouldn't be related to rivals?
Okay, so it's not strange that another account can access rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
okay, great, I'll do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
but I don't need to worry about my divisions?
that just comes back in order?
Are we sure about that?
Great, thank you very much!
Have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat, but he disconnected.
My controllers have a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I've reset them, but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2 making it difficult to play.
Where can I find the controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
Today I installed the game PRS-ORG on my Windows PC, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if there is anything I can do about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I might still use something from a memory card or something; which would allow the game to play at normal speed.
I'll be happy to hear from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay.
So you will be faster in e.g.
ends up on the guardrail instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah they are now quite high (you mean screen mode etc?
Oh great, thank you!
No, I think you've answered my question for now.
And otherwise, I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately, and friendly.
Thanks!
Hi, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader via synchronisation.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it cannot be opened on the e-reader.
How can I solve this?
EMAIL
I think February 14.
Oh no, I see it's the 15th of February.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work, contact us
Okay, I'm going to tackle it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I got them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in dfe purchases.
Discussed with a colleague of yours earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint does it.
I'll check the second book too.
It also works.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up.
In any case, several books on mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euros a year or something longer
month.
I don't need that at the moment, but it is completely unclear to me how I can end it.
I have been endlessly searching several times already.
Yes.
I think that's very nice.
Perhaps I will come back to pp some time, but I am not using it for now.
Very nice!
And handled smoothly.
Thank you
No, fine like this.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I can't open them, I get a message that this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
5 January
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Okay, I'm going to try it, thank you, I hope I get it out
Thanks have a nice afternoon
Yes, I'm a computer illiterate, it may take some time.
Great, it works. Thank you!
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the little light symbol and I can't get rid of that.
I also can't find how to do that.
Please help.
EMAIL
No
It's not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed on something
That didn't help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I spend a lot of time and money every month.
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without any message and reason
A request was created yesterday, but now it says "resume" the request, so I am curious if that will work out well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I am now missing all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I haven't done anything wrong and I have lost my trust in this company and I actually plan on cancelling all memberships and deleting everything
I even continued to play while due to PRS-ORG's interruptions my item and fp points were not credited
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay and how long will that take?
I'm pretty much done with it.. not you though but the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I find that too risky if suddenly a block is put on it.
Okay I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up soon
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day too.
See you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app which allowed me to \
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
So I must have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
Well, it's really like this
I can't send any evidence
sorry sir
looked the wrong way
it's EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
Allright
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has since been resolved.
Only the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help to restore this.
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought them back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I'm not sure if I'm explaining it all correctly because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the time before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I have received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my son plays it
no, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been solved
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
My old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account doesn't need to be recovered, only my email address please.
Great, I received a code via my email, can I use this to change my email now?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thank you so much!!!
Good morning, on Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
Something may be wrong with the file".
I have done synchronization several times but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open it, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
restore, purchase via the site
I'm doing that now, but it takes a while, I see, I have to find a wifi password.
If it doesn't work this way, I'll report back.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
It worked!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can continue.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello I have my mother's e-reader.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I cannot access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account.
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
Nobody knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card information to a new account
So remove information from EMAIL and enter on a new account
Yesterday I changed the address details to 1432 PB (my address), her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I can't get into it?
That I could change by the way yesterday on the e-reader.
I can't find those details anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, will it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the data to my own account?
That will help me a lot
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All right.
Thank you.
I'll take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hi, I forgot the PRS-ORG, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up the ww.
link copied to browser and then I can't proceed with nw ww settings, how does it work?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my bieb yet, I wanted to start with it
Ok, I'll stay online.
Exactly
then I come to the PRS-ORG help screen
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I come to the PRS-ORG help screen reset the ww account
Yes, I will do that now.
Done
I was able to change the WW, thank you very much for that.
Now I'm going to see if I can find a list of grace ebooks on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG can't open purchased ebook.
It is on the device, but it says it can't open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it again but it doesn't open it.
also via URL directly placed on the device also does not help
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
fine
I don't have the option to sign out from PRS-ORG
okay I did
Bought and paid for the audiobook.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
It also happened last time
EMAIL
Today, just like that
I didn't get the last purchase, no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and enter the code
Book by NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
That is my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person has not received it yet but I have already paid 20 euros.
I haven't received a confirmation either.
Could you check what goes wrong?
EMAIL
the last gift card is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has been debited indeed
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it. Thank you. Have a nice weekend.
ordered 2 books last night - due to error I paid 2 x 10 euro - but received nothing, I don't think this is correct, please help
EMAIL
The last was on 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books, so February 7th.
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer for 2 for 10 euro
I bought the latter 2 last night
is coming up
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
Need to cut and paste
Top books have arrived.
thanks for this great service
we're happy about this again
no my day is good again thank you so much and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 pass no.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is there now :)
No, thanks, have a nice day!
