Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion before I answered
OK.
I told you I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG will send the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a bill of purchase
How do I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is:
Order # PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
so you are affiliated with them
that's why you're the best suited to manage this refund
Yeah, but since you're affiliated
you can handle that for me
Yes.
I will ask them and I will get back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello my name is NAME-M
my problem is that my account
fut is linked to my PRS-ORG account
whereas I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on the PC
yes it is
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I'd like to link the account to PRS-ORG
Yes, or can I get back my PRS-ORG companion team?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to get started?
Hello.
I just launched a fut champions match and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you an image.
You're the one.
nn
I was in a Champions Match, and the match got blocked on the opponent's team
EMAIL
For info, I'm still playing with the team of the opponent, I don't want to leave the game because I'm afraid of losing it
but if I leave the game will I lose?
I didn't miss the game, have a nice day
thank you for your help
Good morning,
For two days now, whenever I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: Server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: the confessions of PRS-ORG.
E-book: The abbey of the hundred sins
My phone, in general.
I can then synchronize it with the reader.
Except for the audio books I listen to on the phone
Damn!
What is it then?
Good.
You'll think I'm so silly, but until yesterday, it was all working.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to look for this VPN?
I'll try to do what you advise me.
If this doesn't work, I will come back to you.
Good evening.
Best regards,
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
I called one of your colleagues this morning to retrieve my account
I reset my email, everything is fine, everything works
I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account.
and I need to report it to a counselor apparently
Because I am very afraid of not having access to my account again I panic a little
yes, I'm just wondering why they are asking me this, since I already did that to reset the email and everything works now
348138
This is the code I received
But I fear that it will be reset again, which I don't need
Thanks, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello everyone, i had a problem with my account. my game code had already been used, which is fine. I found the right account, but the problem is that I want to install it by downloading it, not with the CD, because I do not have much internet access and my connection is poor, which is a bit of a hassle
how do I do to install it from the CD?
because of that, I have 1 day of uploading left
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
he is downloadable directly
without the codes for the game
because it had already been installed on another computer so when I opened my account and half the cd it wanted to download it
or its so he wants to download it to install it
Yes, my it took me 1 day of download because of a bad connection
I want to install it from a CD and not via downloading.
Through the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me for a few moments as I transfer you to an agent who will take care of your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I want to receive emails from you in French and not in German.
is this possible?
On top of that, I received emails saying that my account had been verified, even though it had only been 3 months...
yes
I do have French on my dashboard.
but I receive all the communication in German
yes
Great, thank you
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I wanted to order a terminal a while ago but I closed the page with the details (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I retrieve this information?
I tried to backtrack to remind myself of what the price was, but I could never find the information again.
No, I'm currently on the support page.
(everything is written in Italian, which doesn't help much haha)
Okay, very well then I am making a new order!
That's all for me!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we have uploaded all the documents
please reconfigure your device
we're just starting up and it's not working
yes, I have to download it again
I just did it.
i replied to the email
Please do something quickly
it's a lot of lost revenue for us..!
to you too.
ok i understand, but how long will it take
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our officers?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By telephone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent that can deal with your situation...
hello
I submitted a request for a change in account details and I would like to know when this change will be effective.
it is a corporate account for a company
yes, I am always here
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand
how do I have to proceed in this case?
I sent an email on Friday to EMAIL
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I didn't make
You have just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
The automatic rejections for PRS-ORG***** were disabled.
You can reactivate these bonuses during your next purchase from a PRS-ORG merchant.
Nn
Can't remember
Was my neuveux bill possibly a payment for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello,
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "3G mobile data" connection type is indeed enabled, but even when moving around the office, the connection fails.
Furthermore, the battery level drops dramatically from second to second, from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like a new terminal.
Could you possibly do it?
I would like to thank you for your cooperation and to send you my best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipality of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal incur charges?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your effective and good cooperation.
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also reach us by email at EMAIL or telephone PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and best wishes,
No, it's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
Yes.
I'm having a problem with the payment limit
I need to send 158,100 € to my lawyer
for the acquisition of a plot of forest
I've just been told ceiling levels
for the moment, I have 59 975 € in the account, and I would like to have the money transferred to the notary as quickly as possible
I am referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
moreover, I'm still waiting 100,000€ on the account that I was supposed to receive
in these days
and I should do another transfer of €98,125
I can give you the call of the notary's charges to prove all this to you.
I wanted to fire up €59,975 yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 credits in PRS-ORG because you can't code a game
I made a draft in the 1st round 0 minute into the game my opponent was deciding what to do and I won
My first name is NAME-M
An angry user
yes in the meantime even aji drew up a draft to see if it was me who was making a mistake
hey?
But is this a joke??
there's no point in contacting you, you're just incompetent, just like every time
it's always the same thing. fuck me well, I can't do anything for you.
so I have to deco 1h of the game and maybe I would have a draft token??
so in addition to being fucked, I have to not play the game for 1 hour?
you are genious keep up the good work you are on the right track
yeah nothing to do, but thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your question is short and specific, for example “How do I change my email address?
’.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer still hasn't arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
I agree
I am, however, unable to access your payment frequency.
However, you can access it from the settings of your account: URL.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
OK, thanks
So for today and tomorrow, that is the plan?
Yes.
Okay, I'll wait then
All is good, good luck to you
I'd need a panel for my living room
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite get it.
Could you please rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated things, I put you in contact with a human being.
sign indicating PRS-ORG
I wish to speak with a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your withdrawals and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I did not quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I was wondering if it would be possible to receive a small tag with the text that I have a PRS-ORG
and my clients can pay by bank transfer
no
that's not hers
when I was at the market I had a small sign indicating that here you can pay by credit card
but it was stolen from me at the latest salon
I would like to know if you could send me one
a display
Please
if possible 3 who can visit my booth
not those that glue
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no, that's kind of you, thanks, have a nice day
Hello, the payment link does not work.
So what can I do for you today?
Also, in order to avoid confusion, please only ask me one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, e.g. "How do I change my email address?
".
Remote cashing
I'm sorry about that.
Could you give me more details about the transaction?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,Pay with my payment terminal,Remote cashing,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can occur for different reasons.
In order to find out which applies to your situation, I will connect you with a fellow human.
Just a second, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
Remote payment links don't work, it asks me for the terminal with every link I create
Yes, I tried to send a link but it didn't work, so I created a QR code with a €300 incentive
I don't understand why the links don't work.
Could you tell me the reason? I have no answer.
Yes, thank you, I think I did a manipulation
Thank you very much for your answer and speediness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I am contacting you because PRS-ORG has withdrawn 950,000 credits on PRS-ORG ultimate team.
For reasons that I don’t know (because the coins I had were earned thanks to players I got in the packs), I submitted the photos
And through resale.
I would like to recover my credits, it is a huge amount!
I challenge the sanction!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
Email: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 coins from another account!
I have never done anything illegal!
And the rest I got myself.
And PRS-ORG took everything away!
And when I go to my Ban/Suspension history, I don't have anything listed
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never violated PRS-ORG's rules
Yes, thanks very much. The amount is very significant!
Thank you.
So, I do nothing?
I'm just waiting for an answer by e-mail?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least that
half my credits
I have transmitted evidence by photo before starting this file with you.
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M
Thanks, so here I have run into a problem for the 2nd time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
in fact I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (so some money), and so I decide to run a match
and as soon as I log out I am disconnected
surely cheaters
but this is my 2nd time drafting this
and I'm beginning to get fed up being taken for a ride this way
I would like a refund of points
Agree, thank you.
no problem
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you cannot fix this problem
then you're gonna reimburse me
I have paid
and I lost money
So now I want a refund.
it's not normal to do that, your game's players lose money because of cheaters
and you are not reimbursing them?
find a way to refund me
I wouldn't leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG
i also play on pc via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional yearly subscription when it is already valid on Playstation?
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so in a word the problem is PRS-ORG
is the PRS-ORG subscription multi-device?
If I have a subscription via playstation, does it have to be valid in PRS-ORG?
or not?
no, you don't understand
My subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but more valid on PRS-ORG
Good Morning and happy new year 2021,
I'm totally unable to log onto my online PRS-ORG account. When I try to reset my password it gives no results and when I log on using my PRS-ORG login number, it tells me there's already an account using this number.
But on the other hand, I can make downloads from my reader as normal.
Could you help me?
Best regards.
EMAIL
no, as I can no longer access my account, but I have just found 2 invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought the e-reader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it works; my last two pay-for purchases are indeed from February 16, 2020, and the amounts match what is on my statement.
It worked, I just logged into Edge and PRS-ORG and added your homepage to my bookmarks.
Case closed. Thank you for your help and have a nice Sunday.
thank you, just a proposal to buy: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but from the new pocket format that just came out, so less expensive than the big format that came out in 2018.
That's good for me.
Have a great day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I can't play the PRS-ORG game
I can't update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas thank you for your help
the PRS-ORG game was rejected once already, today we tried a new one and it was the same thing
we tried it with two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one s consoles with no result
yes
I also tried to reset the console to factory mode but it didn't work
Unable to update. Error code 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
when i go to manage the game on update there is none available
yes, it's been 4 days since we got this error code
there is a problem on the update, when trying to put the game back on the console, it freezes
ok, thanks
{ChatWindowButton:With the chat,By phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a few moments while I patch you through to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I asked by email that a "deleted employee" email address be deleted so I could reuse it on another account.
Your colleague told me that it was not possible, although they had done the job for another address the day before.
I never heard back from them after my second message.
So I should receive news soon?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a good day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, i can't make an online payment
transaction failed
Your upload request has failed or has been canceled.
it's really urgent, if possible, to resolve the problem asap, thank you
No thank you.
good end of the day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
as usual every month even though I have received my twich prime pack
didn't get it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
My PRS-ORG account is at the address EMAIL
and in spite of the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS points account, I get the impression that there is still this problem of having two distinct email addresses
Yeah, I asked for a restore and it said "restore successful"
so the problem is with you, not me
and the months before that, the person i had via chat sent me the pack
rather, I think that there is a problem of competence
I did not sign in to the console
in the app only
alright, thanks
Please stay on the line for a few moments while I connect you with an agent who can help with your situation...
Via the chat
How would you like to be contacted with one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 23:00 all transactions were impossible.
I sent my identity card and my registration extract yesterday at around 5:00 PM
My business register excerpt
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00 AM?
The terminal is needed this morning.
I uploaded the documents directly as an application in my profile.
Yes
Okay, I'll get back to you at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be adjusted?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello!
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I connect you to an agent that can help you with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if you could buy the Sum Up 3G without the printer.
because the price is quite high
I want a 2nd pro account
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
and?
nothing
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is faulty.
It becomes unreadable towards the end: characters overlapping and accents placed in the wrong place.
It's too troublesome, I would like a refund, thank you.
I continue with this chat that started too late last night, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"essential goods" from NAME-F
I don't know if this book is deformed or that there is just an issue with my eReader...
I can take pictures, but not right now.
It is on page 294 at my place, but this varies depending on the font size.
In any case, it is 75%.
Willingly because I'm not available for more
It fits me perfectly, thank you
Thanks, have a good end of service to you
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
talk to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F. I'll be helping you while NAME-M looks through your conversation. Please wait a moment.
Please hold while I connect you to an agent who can assist you in your situation...
What can I do for you today?
good morning NAME-F, a client paid by link and I don't see their payment
URL
despite being in credit on her account
yesterday
It's written accepted on my transactions... sent on my links.. but not paid
ok, thanks, why was it not immediate, as usual with payments via the link?
after payment you will receive notification of the deposit
has things changed?
reconnect to the site and not to the app?
ok thank you
good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello
Last night I started a fut23 session
I collected some stars and bought a draft token.
I used the token and created my draft team online
On the launch of the 1st match the change never happened
After waiting 30 minutes, I turned off the console and turned it back on
The game tells me that I left the game, so I lost my token, and I now have a handicap on the future match for leaving
Can you fix that?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thank you for the feedback, I tried it last night.
But the app tells me I'm not eligible
I have to say that this is a pretty outrageous situation.
I've spent 2 hours playing for that.
Yes.
Thank you
I expect to hear from you very soon
platforms
I didn't buy anything and I don't have any audio books.
My eReader was bought in September.
yes thanks
Since yesterday, I've been trying to add books from my adobe to my eReader.
but the latter still tells me I am not allowed.
I have removed all my permissions and reinstalled them, but nothing changed.
I did all the steps I found on your site but nothing works.
The error message on my e-reader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (drm).
after enabling your reader earlier, you need to re-import it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it can be used everywhere, both on my computer and on my e-Reader.
but I already have an account PRS-ORG
I've had my eReader since September.
I got in touch with you in December for the same matter.
it happens to me twice in a year.
I like my e-reader but when it causes me problems like this, I don't feel like recommending it to people in my entourage.
if I follow your steps I will lose my connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I disabled my permissions and uninstalled adobe.
I'll turn my computer back on and redownload adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to begin?
Hello
I can no longer sign in to my FUT account.
His indicated that too many clubs had been created
While I have already played on PRS-ORG with this account.
When I start the fut mode with my account, I get the message 'account creation fut limit reached'.
Whereas this morning I was able to play with this account
Sorry, my name is NAME-M
You can help me please
Thank you
No worries
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Yes, thanks.
I have not been able to sign into my pres-org account since this morning
ON MY SMARTPHONE, IT IS REPORTING A SERVER ERROR
ON PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY CONSOLE ACCOUNT
ARE YOU STILL HER?
Okay, this is not a big deal but could you please help me with my problem.
OK, THANKS. IF THE PROBLEM IS BECAUSE OF MAINTENANCE, I AM RELIEVED AND I WILL BE PATIENT
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
a case is already open
PHONENUMBER
I want the content that I had been hacked to be returned to me.
or be compensated on a PRS-ORG point????
I have been playing for 10 years, I put 400€ of PRS-ORG points each year, in addition to buying the game
and on the phone they said there is nothing to recover
An instance already exists, PHONENUMBER
I would like to retrieve the pirated content this morning, or have my account compensated with PRS-ORG points.
I've been playing for 10 years, I spend 400€ on PRS-ORG points per year, and I bought the game... and you're telling me over the phone that I won't get anything back
What am I supposed to do?
EMAIL
I have already done the operations you are going to ask me to perform
give you the code, change the MDP, etc.
i just want to play futchampions this weekend with my team
and now I can't do anything
I put money into the game every year, I have been paying wages for 10 years and this year I have had no positive feedback, only when I need you
I was hacked between 9am and 11.30am today
Can you “wipe out” his appearance and reset things to this morning?
at 8h I still had my whole club
Save me the trouble, please
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I’m here to help with questions about your payment terminal, your installments and more.
For the most complicated ones, I’ll connect you to a human being.
So what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I browse your conversation with NAME-M.
Do not worry.
A human being will be able to provide you with information about the status of your account.
I sent a wire transfer of 1019, but I think my bank rejected it, and I would like to know if it came back into your system
Ok.
Okay, thanks. It's amazing.
So I'll wait here, that is all
Thank you
I'll stay on hold
No, thank you very much
I stay in the waiting room until the afternoon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yes, I have a great day, and I wish the same to you;)
I do not know if you can read my file but my question is in it
or else I can repeat it if you want
I'm sorry?
Your sentence is incomplete
I was just wondering that in the career, there are many haircuts, while in the pro club there aren't many
Is this normal?
And Why?
Otherwise, do you plan on adding more later?
No, that will do, thank you
Don't worry!
have a nice day
I will come back to you if it is not done afterwards
goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system to log in to my account
I did not receive the email containing the security verification number
After I entered my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On PRS-ORG, my account is validated automatically, so there is no problem, but this is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android.
It is the same when I try to log in to my internet browser.
924311
This email works perfectly
Great, it looks like it worked
A great thank you, I hope I won't have any problems in the future
NAME-M_TEXT: I see that you are having difficulty making payments because of your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss this?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, bUT
I am contacting you for something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
Yes.
I'm really stuck with my clients about the payment
I sent my PRS-ORG
Yes.
the delay please
waiting time
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer and I'm unable to play
he told me that there were too many computers
mercui
thank you
Really?
i also bought the game PRS-ORG
In addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I don't think I will have any trouble
I don't understand??
I have on my PRS-ORG account
de PRS-ORG normal licence
and more than one PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hi, I am receiving mail asking me to provide more information or to provide them, thank you
Besides, I have already responded to all of them by email.
of course here is a copy paste of the message received
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our general terms of use (URL), one PRS-ORG profile may only be used for a single activity.
Please tell us which service or activity your profile will be used for and provide proof (invoice, Facebook link, etc.) for this service.
If you wish to use your PRS-ORG terminal for another professional activity, create a second PRS-ORG profile.
We appreciate your understanding.
Best regards,
Peter
PRS-ORG registration service
I visit fairs and markets, I'm also from Tulle, these are the products that I advertise on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
I am sending it all via the mail that I received??
Yes, I sent Kbis and a link to Facebook
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't preload PRS-ORG, they said that normally everything should be solved quickly...but this is not the case, I preordered to play it tomorrow, but if I can't download it, that means I can't play it tomorrow.
therefore, I wish to cancel this preorder and that I will be able to repurchase the game, hoping that this time it works
I thank you for kindly responding to my request :)
Of course.
My email is EMAIL
My id is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I order it again now?
or is there a delay?
agreed thanks:)
I would recommend it to anyone now.
Thank you very much for your skills :D
Perfect, thanks, the preloading works well!
everything works at the top!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to get started?
i have latency in games even though i should qualify for the fgs
it is not possible
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
everything's going well
, and the players are heavy when I make a pass, it arrives 5 seconds later, it's really not possible
it's useless, sir
I'm logged in
I have a perfect connection
it has been 5 days, walking fine
and I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My terminal isn't working
It says, "transaction refused"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it connected?
How long will it take to update my profile as soon as I have the documents
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 great events
Very well, I will submit the documents quickly
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a year ago.
Some times and I know a payment was made
I bought a banned tale The Little Thing
I would like to be reimbursed for the loss incurred.
11.49
Yes
A PRS-ORG payment of more than 9.99 was debited from my credit card
But I unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I have unsubscribed
Will I get a refund for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in contact with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and much more!
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
And I can't open it anymore
And it's bad for business.
When I click on the link, it says the store is closed
Thanks I've succeeded
Have a good day
I've changed my mobile number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Through the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,By phone}
How do you wish to be contacted with one of our agents?
Please bear with me while I patch you through to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
hello i am french and I created a belgian sum up
I'm not receiving the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
i also have a french account that i must delete once the belgian account is active
can you please do the necessary
06 68 11 75 30 c is my personal phone number
with which I would like to receive the code
Hello, I am contacting you to express my dissatisfaction.
I've been playing since PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, I've always loved this game.
PRS-ORG mode is what keeps me glued to PRS-ORG 12.
It's a fact that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier each year as time goes on.
The PRS-ORG champions mode is the one that made me want to keep playing, but it is now extremely difficult to get there... I had a match against rank 2 last week and couldn't make it to rank 3 this week.
I hope there is an update coming very soon for the change in qualification for PRS-ORG Champions, otherwise I am not sure if I will be continuing with the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, it's not that easy with my PRS-ORG champions compromise qualification, and it's impossible for me to regain my 1500 points and win 9 qualification matches before the weekend
How?
Are you going to change the qualifying system?
Thank you, I really hope things will change.
I like the ultimate team mode, I like playing in PRS-ORG Champions.
I get the impression that in order to access it and receive good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very large team.
Hopefully it will change very soon, bye bye, otherwise unfortunately goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I am not the only one so that things move quickly.
Not at all, thank you.
Good day, keep your spirits up and I hope a quick update
telephone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant, here to serve you.
It will be easier for me to help you if your question is short and precise, like “How do I change my email address?
'.
NAME-M_TEXT:Also in order to avoid confusion, please ensure that you only ask me one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today then?
NAME-M_TEXT: You can change the phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number in your account, but you can install the PRS-ORG app (for Air device) on multiple smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT: As changing a phone number is beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I am asked to complete my profile with a telephone number but I can't change the telephone number
then it's a dom number
PHONENUMBER
so that must be PHONENUMBER
yes no worries
yes, but the code does not arrive
I'm asked for the verification code
but this one was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screen capture if you want it
but it's the WRONG number
and they won't let me change numbers
i haven't gotten any verification code yet
PHONENUMBER
they tell me that, to get started, I should
I need to verify my phone number.
I have just started your service and there are already some problems
Hello, how do I find my number in Alphanumeric
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure that you ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, such as “How do I change my email address?”
’”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can register only one phone number with your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the AIR device) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:I’m not going to lie; changing a phone number is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, so I’ll transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment, please...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait as I scan your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my telephone number
The current number is the PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
Please
Great, thank you very much
no, thank you, have a nice day
I'd like to speak with an agent
I would like to speak to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I’m sorry NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you please reformulate your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hi I'm NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Mrs. NAME-F, I hope you are doing well.
I would like to change my email address.
Great, okay, thanks
No, it's alright.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player. I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points are not displayed on my ultimate team account.
The problem is that I recently changed the email address on my account and didn't put a newer one in: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is the following.
EMAIL I'm afraid the PRS-ORG points will go into the wrong account.
CD keys one website.
The code was good as, when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked well
So will the PRS-ORG points be on a different account?
I only have one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code correctly, which was validated on the PRS-ORG.
The store is part of my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I start utimate team the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but that of my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just updated it
Is the PRS-ORG points on the wrong account?
How?
Should I come back to you with a purchase?
Can't check in which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are?
to talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hi my name is NAME-F, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, I'm trying to connect my store to my domain name.
The lights are green but the state is still "Not Connected"
You didn't get it
My store is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I added the DNS settings, the lights are green.
but I still am not connected.
That takes a little time?
Yes?
Okay, got that.
Thank you
I will wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello,
I have the ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG and I can't log in on PRS-ORG
it tells me that i already have an account, except that when I enter my email, it doesn't work, so I created this account but it is impossible to link it to the game
je mapelle NAME-F pardon ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, it was found for a while at my old email.
But by marking my old one, it doesn't work to connect to PRS-ORG.
my PSN email address is the same as the one that is in EMAIL
this does not work
so basically they are keeping us from playing
i don't think it happens to me, but i have to do something to change my PRS-ORG game account
getting games and not using them is great
I won't create a new PSN account especially to play; you yourself will just create a number of accounts for a single game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... though I made several purchases
How do I get points...and what are they for?
I have bought lots of games and kits for the PRS-ORG..
and yet, all this time, I've never received any points ..
I've never received points...and I've never purchased any...
what are they used for?
I thought that points were awarded for buying on your website..
The PRS-ORG points.
Thank you and Merry Christmas to the entire team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?”
“.
Speak to a counsellor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our representatives?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By telephone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
I want to talk to a counsellor over the telephone but I can't manage it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I do.
sick of calling everyone every day to verify my account.
I cancel it and retract, and open an account elsewhere
yes
I want to close the account
you are talking about the future, and I would like to close the account now, not in a few days
3 weeks ago the adviser also qualified a high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A country part of
delivery
I signed out and signed back in, but I still can't access it.
Can't read
Book purchased on October 2
The screen freezes on the 1st page
I am forced to go through PRS-ORG to access my home page
Yes, that one.
That's good.
Thank you
Super!
Good day
what is the date my professional account was opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and much more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the more complicated, I put you in contact with a human being.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am NAME-F, I didn’t understand very well.
Can you rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I connect you to an agent who can help with your situation...
for my tax declaration, I would like to know the date on which my business account was opened
I'll find the exact date, but... where?
no, I opened the business account afterwards
where can I find this info?
yes
it's for my tax declaration, they asked me for this information!
thank you
Good Morning Sir
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
My password doesn't work anymore
it is the 2nd in two weeks
and I can't reset the password because I never receive your email...
and that I am forced to contact you via chat or phone to resolve this concern
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again please?
124876
let's say I'm a regular now ahah
I was able to change my password successfully
and I managed to log in to PRS-ORG
thank you
thanks again, and next time (I hope your servers still manage to memorize my login information)
have a nice day!
I can't authenticate my mobile
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-M, I did not quite understand.
Could you reformulate your question, please?
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'd be happy to help you with your verification documents, but that's beyond my virtual assistant skills.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
yes
I can't perform the authentication of my current phone
I receive the SMS
But the app doesn't take that into account
No error
when I'm on the strong authentication menu
I can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, can I ask you for your first name please to get started?
Thank you too
Could you explain your question?
Well, an investigation is currently being done on my PRS-ORG account because I got hacked yesterday.
Can I continue using my account during the investigation?
It's annoying, since I mostly play PRS-ORG, and having to wait several days is quite frustrating
Perfect, you have not given any deadline?
Because it is complicated when there is nothing left in one's club
Very well, and thank you
No, nothing thanks
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I assist you?
i wish to change my address
I made a mistake with the content
no home address
I was wrong
I'm living for free at my boyfriend's
how can i do
or else I have mobile phone bills.
or insurance
Yes I'm looking
Do not send me the PRS-ORG card
until I have changed the address, please
okay
I'll send the documents soon
Hello, I'm NAME-F and I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help if your questions are short and to the point, e.g. “How do I change my email address?”
”.
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to only ask me one question at a time.
Hello, I would like to change my personal number
What can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only save one telephone number for your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air device) can be installed on several smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is a bit beyond my virtual assistant skills, I'll transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER, I can no longer access my number
PHONENUMBER
yes, and to record how long after
I'm unable to make the payment into my account
Thank you very much
no thanks to you all for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
Your game starts to swell me!
The same problem as the last futchamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys leave so it counts as a defeat for me even if it is the guy that leaves
and so, I didn't get my reward 4 draft victories
and I lose my 15000 credits
And besides, you guys did nothing about my last Futchamp, and I lost 2 ranks because of that.
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
You are going to tell me that you will pass the information on and you will do nothing?
So what?
Actually, it was he who left
I'm on a PC, not a console, with a fibre connection of 600M
and I have had no micro cut as I am on PRS-ORG at the same time and that has not cut
It's he who leaves
It's just that, if too many people leave the game when facing a player, the game will consider this player
This is a massive FAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
Hi NAME-M its NAME-M
I'm having trouble with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or on the web.
Access works on the game directly
NAME-M
Could you help me please Sir?
I'm fine thanks, hope you are too
On PRS-ORG, Alor is ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the stupid mistake of trying to purchase credits on my first account.
So I created a new PRS-ORG account so that I could enjoy the game, following the rules this time.
But in the end, access was not set on this new account
I play with the Lyon team, being a Lyonnais in fut mode.
I liked Paqueta very much; he was very good for his 81 rating.
I'm doing the DC for it to become POTM right now
Which is your favourite player?
A really good player in fact mbappe, you have good taste.
He is performing very well at the beginning of the season too with the PRS-ORG
I thank you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I have been playing for several days and unfortunately, nothing has been done yet
Fine, I'll just keep having fun then.
The main thing is to be able to access it through the console.
But the app is very handy to manage them remotely.
Thank you so much NAME-M in any case.
Have a great day.
Thank you for your help and kindness.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
Peter
Quite simply I think
I have a BF 2042 pre-order from 6 October in the gold edition
And today, when I tried to install it, I received a message: "Unfortunately, it looks like there was a billing issue with your pre-order"
So I went to the PRS-ORG website
And the order is tagged as "processing"
I see that paypal has never been charged
And so I changed my payment method
Now I want to get my game unlocked, period.
EMAIL
I see it but there's a "Preorder failed" message
PRS-ORG
It does not change the problem
I just did the manipulation
And I always get a Preorder failed
So you cannot reactivate the order or something else?
Because I put my payment method and I don't understand why the problem has not been fixed
Even got a notification in PRS-ORG saying I can play
I restarted PRS-ORG
I think this is sufficient after clearing the cache
And if I restart it I'll lose our conversation.
Through chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I already sent messages about this subject.
I just ordered a 2nd safe, but it is linked to the same account.
How can I do this?
All the best.
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a moment as I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello I'm NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
A classic reader for €19
Yes, I would rather receive it by email.
I haven't received the case yet, but everything should be fine for this Wednesday.
So, when I receive it, can I set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning to say that my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL
Thank you
The e-mail this morning was in French, but normally I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change this so that I receive all communications in French?
Thank you.
No, it doesn't.
I received the initial emails in French, but the last ones were in English.
I have sent several messages about this without success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Good evening, I'm back because I think I've identified the problem
I "lag" only on PRS-ORG at the moment and I wanted to see in terms of accounting with the server if there is a problem or not
because I have indicators as if I were having packet loss, when I looked at teamspeak I saw that I had none for the last 50 min
as you can see in the image
URL
Good evening, I've seen that I'm having lots of problems and this is my last resort to reach out to you.
:(
Here's one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I don't get any signal of packet loss on top, even if I get significant lag times
Is this a problem that comes from me or from the game?
Because I'm going insane
You will sort this through a patch, I suppose?
But in how much time?
Because I cannot at all play under those conditions and no longer at all in a pro club either
Thank you, hope all goes well :)
Good evening and thank you
Take courage for this week ahead
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry.
Your device seems faulty to me.
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
CAN'T UNINSTALL ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILURE
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment, while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180E TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
I need to enter my name and IBAN, and I confirm
AND THE FAILURE OF THE TRANSACTION
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE GAME
LOADING FAILED
I have a low fiber speed in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, can I ask you for your first name please to begin with?
hello
I find myself bothered, I want to divide my account into two
j is more hardline
and more access to my other mailbox
the problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
either an 'a' was changed to vinsvodoo (inverse)
is EMAIL
is EMAIL
with PRS-ORG jamias no problem every time its the PRS-ORG that bugs
that is to say
I don't have access to this email account, it is registered on Facebook, but it is from more than 15 years ago
I once talked to one of your colleagues, it worked again and nothing else happened
My real email address is
it annoys me, I knew I shouldn't have visited PRS-ORG again
with PRS-ORG j is back all in 1h
As a result you are losing money because I no longer shop there
Hello,
I am having a major problem reading books downloaded from the library, a problem I have had recently.
The book downloads from the library onto my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on my PC and I installed it on my PRS-ORG.
I connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, and the content is imported.
I correctly eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer, and I briefly see on the reader the cover of the downloaded book.
And then when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears informing me that my e-Reader isn't allowed to open this book because it would require to authorize it again using our PRS-ORG ID and re-import it.
In the settings, I have the correct PRS-ORG email address, and therefore I have authorisation.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy a book, but I download it from the library.
The latest is today's N.E.O.
- Volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
To me,
Anyway, I'm connected to Wi-Fi and auto sync is enabled.
I do not know when the last sync occurred.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the authorisation?
I tried again before contacting you.
I undid the permission and re-did it.
I'll try again.
For the time being, I have ADE 4.5.11: and I don't understand why!
I've been using it for almost 1 year.
What are factory settings?
hello I did not receive the payment on February 3rd
I'm missing a payment
I didn't receive my 3 February payment
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and more!
In case of more complicated problems, I connect you with a human.
So what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
You chose to make payments using the PRS-ORG Card.
Funds received are thus available on your card the day after a transaction, including on weekends.
Attention: If the transaction you are waiting for has taken place before the card deposits were put in place, then the funds will be paid to the registered bank account and not to the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes of payment method and frequency do not have any effect on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I am missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I look over your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, then the intervention of a human seems necessary in that case.
Please wait while I connect you with an agent...
hello thank you
Ok, thank you very much
Ok, thank you so much
No, thank you very much
thank you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, as you know, the Star Wars Battlefront 2 game is now unplayable.
no one dies1hp due to bug or godmode hack
you have been informed about that for several days
game is unplayable
hello?
EMAIL
the problem is that you are from here!
Of servers
Thousands of players complain and you feign ignorance...
But what a constructive response!!!
no problems?!!
the developers have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG exists and is used to hack the servers
thank you for customers and customer service
unspeakable
lack of respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please bear with me while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes.
My terminal is blocked
I am trying to send payment request links to clients
I do not have this function in my app
It is no longer covered by warranty
PHONENUMBER
Have you read my questions?
I am looking for a way to send payment links to my clients
But I do not have the link payments in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Awesome, it really would help me
I am counting on you, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I'm having trouble linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account.
Thank you
You want the email of my PRS-ORG account, that's it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account, I get this message:
There was a problem.
An error prevented us from finalizing your request.
Please try again later.
For PRS-ORG rewards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I'd like to know if the last identity card I received is good.
and how to set up my bank account?
which one is registered?
yes, and I sent a CI without a return receipt
I do not have an IBAN number ending in 0507
Yes.
I can't modify it directly from the app
and I just sent back the identity card... it's pretty urgent anyway...
all right... well, I'll send you my RIB number..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, it's fine, thank you.
I’d like your help as I have never been lucky in the PRS-ORG game.
I’ve played it since I was 10 years old and I’ve never been a great player.
My friend packed him hakimi one to watch in his pre-order pack and mine was named NAME-N... Just a few days ago there was NAME-M.
I keep putting money into the game, I bought the pre-order to get 4600 PRS-ORG points and I just can't seem to catch a break.
I don't know what to do, please help me
I will believe it, but how is it that my friend has all these players?
He even had an icon in a preview pack…
Well, too bad if you can't do anything
Thank you anyway
I will, therefore, definitely stop playing this game
Thank you, happy holidays
Through chat
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello,
I received an invoice via SMS and I would like to receive it by email to get reimbursed
transaction id ALPHANUMERICID 146,95€
EMAIL
i do not want to be repaid by your company.
I just need the invoice in my mail.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days now, I have been trying to validate my payment by PRS-ORG card for a purchase I entered all the information, I clicked continue and register, the visa check light turns on endlessly and there is no response.
I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but the problem remains.
What's the problem?
Please reply.
EMAIL
The revenge of PRS-ORG
I wish to buy the T2
Yes, but usually this doesn't stick to the payment!
Why now?
What shall we do?
right.
Thank you, I will do it right away
Kind regards,
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my account which is already blocked
I want my money on my balance; my account is already closed
Okay.
Ok, but I will already send a new bank account or the money will be returned
Yes, I am the one.
yes i am here
I already sent you the new bank account which will receive my money yesterday
Account holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N. Can I ask for your first name, please, to start with?
I made a mistake with the account I linked to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
yes
it is not associated with any account, I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I do not want that, I want that EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account
Yes I can't activate my account
yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is related to my comtpe PRS-ORG I would like to separate them
I just paid 90 euro for the ultimate edition
thank you
hello
my terminal is blocked what can I do
For the more complex cases, I put you in touch with a human being.
What can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its safety system clicked in and the shutdown is irreversible.
Since we are not able to process this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment, please...
Hi, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I reviewed your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes.
Could I have a phone number to call, please
thank you, for me it will be much easier.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are brief and to the point, for example “How do I change my email address?
».
To avoid confusion, please ask only one question at a time as well.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered and this blocking is irreversible.
Since I'm not qualified to handle this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who will be able to complete the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a second please...
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes sorry I have clients
i had a bk error code PHONENUMBER
then I connected and pressed the start button
I pressed "hold to boot", then "release to boot"
he died
i am invalid bk
Sorry, I will get back to you when I have more time, because I have a meeting with clients.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
this is the third match in a row that I'm being disconnected and so counted as a defeat even though I win 3 or 4 to 0
It makes me lose places, and thus moving forward with my team
I said it again, I get disconnected during clash team games.
I got disconnected and therefore I lost the match when I was winning that match
it wasn't online
so none of it applies.
I am in clash of equipe, so it is your game that frustrates me.
degout
I'm fed up; I keep playing and keep getting caught out... I really get the impression that you don't care about players like me
and not to mention the times that I end up being 8 or 9 hours into the start of the game because of a bug ...
Hello
I bought the e-book "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1" by NAME-M but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font sizes is accessible, it is written in much too small a font, and the print quality is poor...
I'm disappointed with this purchase, since your platform is usually full of well-prepared books!
Therefore, I would like a refund of the corresponding €15.99
Thanking you in advance
Best regards,
EMAIL
Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
1 of NAME-M bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund on my credit card
Thank you
Good day to you
No thanks, it is perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I do not receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can I do it?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
The Fiancées of the Pacific.
I'll try PRS-ORG
I'm logged in on my computer, but on my eReader...
how do I reset with my knee machine?
I am not getting any emails.
ok
I just tested and both my PRS-ORG password and PRS-ORG password are correct, but my eReader doesn't recognise my account
There was an update last night and ever since I can no longer access it.
it says me: impossible to connect
it seems that the URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
except that I’m on wifi with my computer with my e-reader connected
I clicked again and it's loading...
yes !!!
There it is, he just needed a bit more time!...
Thank you for your help.
ok i am going into the book i bought yesterday...
good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I assist you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on 14th February, I still have not received it…
February 11, sorry
Here's the billing number PHONENUMBER
Thanks in advance!
Yes on your website
Here is the number of the PHONENUMBER order form
The tracking shows that since February 14, the parcel has been on the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I did place an order through this profile… I received an invoice at my email address, EMAIL
But I have another profile, with the email address EMAIL
But I usually use this profile because I want to benefit from the URL partnership to get the commission at 1.49%
This is the one
The one I am currently writing on
Is there a phone number for one of your colleagues, in case I want to reach them personally?
It would be simpler to you by oral
But you should have an order with this PHONENUMBER
This is the order number as indicated on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
I am doing well, thank you, despite the technical problems I am experiencing with the PRS-ORG game on PC
In fact, for more than an hour, I've been unable to enter the transfer market to purchase a player
how come?
Thank you in advance and I look forward to your response.
I think it is a security block by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
I am not any of those.
This is it.
when I go on the transfers market of PRS-ORG
when launching the search for the player I want
it tells me
"there was a communication problem with the PRS-ORG servers, try again later"
everything else in the game works, except the transfer market, so it shows me this message and ejects me from the transfer market
very well, thank you
thank you for your advice
Please talk to an advisor.
Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
Please hold for a moment while I put you through to an agent who can deal with your case...
What can I do for you today?
I am sorry NAME-M, I didn't get that.
Can you reformulate your question, please?
I want to speak to an advisor
Hi, my name is, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and now I don't have access to the transfer
Yes, what ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I no longer am
Right?
Hello,
You're the ace
Oui I am right after that
Yeah, but I'm not the old guy
What's the email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
I hope so too!
While trying to start the 24-hour mission of NAME-M, I realized that the castle of PRS-ORG which unlocked it had disappeared, along with all its accessories.
It’s no longer in my town, nor is it on the list...
No, it's on iPad.
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start the 24h mission for NAME-M, the mission that asks you for the PRS-ORG mansion and it's there that I found that this castle is no longer in my city and inventory
This Boitingham castle was what unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but no longer the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Through the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I connect you with an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, can you reach me?
for its verification
merci
I have a problem, I can't read you.
please tell me your email address so that I can send you the ID document
contacted me by mail
your message doesn't show
leave me a message by email it will be easier for me thank you
EMAIL
