Hello!
One of the books I bought is no longer opening for reading.
When I click on it to read, it closes the app.
It's the only book that's happening that way.
EMAIL
I don't remember the exact date, but it was last week, if I am not mistaken.
I can't go out to confirm this
The image discourse
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Okay.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M 😎
I enter a match and when I or the opponent leave the game I'm redirected and I exit the ut
In all game modes
I don’t know if it is disconnection because I have already been like this since 4 o’clock in the morning.
I was doing the swaps on my friends
Yes
Because of swaps, I was doing golden goal with the buddies
I was missing 2 goals and one assist in depth.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
Yes sir
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am fine.
I’ve been having some issues with the PRS-ORG game related to rewards bugs.
With the new event that is happening, it shows that I have already completed it and I can already redeem all the rewards
But I am stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly.
I sent the photos
When I do the missions it already shows that I complete them all, but I still find myself in ALPHANUMERICID
Everything is okay.
Thank you so much.
This problem is making me a little upset, because the rewards of the event are very good rewards and I can not redeem them because of this problem
Everything is ok then.
I thought it was just me and felt a bit better knowing that you guys have already been working on fixing this
I am much calmer, I didn't want to lose the items from this event kk
No, thank you very much.
Good morning NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I have installed the PRS-ORG game in Spanish
And now I can't change it to English
Brazilian Portuguese: english*
I could not find any settings in the game or in PRS-ORG
Thank you
EMAIL
kkkkkk but that's obvious, friend
I thought there would be some other way to change without having to download 8GB of the game again
But I thought there wouldn't be any other way
Thanks anyway
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Good evening, the Career mode is not there but my PRS-ORG is bringing up the archives when I open the game.
Brazilian Portuguese: it's always like the first time
I have to choose team control and play that game.
I have already uninstalled it 3 times but the problem continues
I saw tips for changing from assisted to semi assisted at the time it works but when I restart the game the bug comes back
I lose my game save
Brazilian Portuguese: every time I have to start over
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello, my brother did a PRS-ORG on my account without wanting to.
He cheated but I came out losing as he sent my team's players.
Is it possible to reclaim the players?
I already apologize for the inconvenience.
Yes, if possible, as it was a mere mistake of my younger brother.
I apologize again.
EMAIL
It is my father's email as I have been playing PRS-ORG on this account for a long time
And at that time there was no email.
If it could be the staff it would be more convenient.
Thank you in any case.
Rest of a good night!
Hi friends, good morning.
I just checked that my 300 bonus has not entered, damn I didn't know that it had to be in a game above 1.80, I lost because I bet it all thinking I'd have the bonus, would there be a way to release it?
D:
Sorry, I didn't see it had to be above 180
I saw it now when I went to ask
I made the deposit of 300 just to be able to play calmly
I knew I would get the bonus
in case I would lose
so I made a safer bet and lost, I requested it and it didn’t work
Thank you dear
Oh, no.
Thank you.
I thought that you could make an exception.
alias was 300 né
please
Can't you see?
with the staff there
That's ok then
Until next time.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself with your name?
NAME-M
Well.
However, I am having trouble logging in my PRS-T1 mobile account to my browser.
Yes
Yes
Always when trying to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears.
I would like more information on this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I can not find the mods folder for the PRS-ORG, I already entered the game and the folder was not created.
I had personalized contents before, I had to format the notebook and NAME-M brought back all the contents
But there is no mods folder
When I enter the game, several personalized contents appear but the folder does not exist.
That, the folder doesn't exist
I have already logged in where it needs to in PRS-ORG games, the PRS-ORG and there is no folder
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night.
I can not play The PRS-ORG because my PRS-ORG are completely out of focus.
The support told me to use PRS-ORG Name Surname, but it didn’t work.
I also renamed the folder The PRS-ORG to The PRS-ORG Old and loaded the game to create a new folder, but it didn't solve it.
I wanted to be able to play but the PRS-ORG is blurry (the scenery is not)
I was using them but because they weren't working I deactivated and deleted them
And without mods the problem is the same
It does not work, it gets completely out of focus the PRS-ORG
There's no mod there
I have tried that and it did not solve the problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
look at this business this is the PRS-ORG server going down all the time today because
it was not like this.
something is happening that we don't know
now the game is not working again
Brazilian Portuguese: the pleasure and our in meet you
You can now access ALPHANUMERICID
Brazilian Portuguese: look it's not working
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I would like you to explain to me how it is possible that your technicians can't find a solution to my simple problem
I don't have access to the PRS-ORG market in the web app
Only in the web app
And I've already seen what you recommend doing
I have done it and I have waited and nothing.
And they say there is no possible solution?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I am having problems with my game
I've been trying to solve it for a while now and it does not solve the problem with my game
and I would like to repay him
but the time for starting the game has already passed for the first time
but I didn't even get to play the game
because the game only stays in the menu screens
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-N.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
So, I want to play my PRS-ORG (full edition) and now that I have booted to the PRS-ORG system, the PRS-ORG system says that my system does not support games in ALPHANUMERICID and advises me to contact the developer so that the game can be updated and I can continue to play
So that's why I'm here asking for this help
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, after research I am aware of this.
But my contact is a request for the PRS-ORG to update the game for the latest systems
Thanks, NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I can not download PRS-ORG
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG was unable to download your game.
Check your internet connection and try again.
other games do not give this error
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good night.
My name is NAME-F
I hope you are well too :)
I downloaded the PRS-ORG again and it is in English, I remember when I played on the other computer it was in Portuguese.
Unfortunately I could not find the settings
Would you be able to tell me how to put the PRS-ORG in Portuguese?
Yes, I can't access the PRS-ORG in Portuguese
Thank you so much for your help.
Oh, thank you very much!
Do you know if this is going to have a forecast?
Or if the language change will be automatic?
Thank you very much
That’s just it.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I have your name, please?
I have a PRS-ORG and I play PRS-ORG
I would love to play PRS-ORG draft mode, however I do not have enough PRS-ORG points to enter and I can not buy them
What can I do?
Yes
And getting normal coins is very hard since it has been so long.
Difícil viu, there's no other way to access the mode.
I saw that the servers will be offline from the 14th
What will happen after that
There will basically be no way to play this mode anymore, right?
PRS-ORG I am unable to open packs because the store is unavailable for any type of purchase.
Even the packs you win by completing initial missions
There is no way to open them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Hello, my PRS-ORG is blocked
I can't log in without knowing what's going on
I didn't do anything against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait.
I'll check.
yes
The computer has a lot of NAME-N.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I would like some help from about 2 months ago when I bought the PRS-ORG and now it's free!
I need help, I have already had various problems with the game that is crashing a lot and now this loss!
I would like to ask for your consideration
I bought ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year, and I just checked that it is free
I just talked to them and they said it's with you.
Brazilian Portuguese: now it seems like I'm going to be thrown aside
I would like someones help
about the case
yes, but I paid and now everyone gets it for free
ok, I understand your position, I'm not happy and I'm sorry about that position.
The game is available for free to all subscribers and I paid for it.
I thank you for your attention and I apologize for troubling you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I ask you for your name please?
Good morning NAME-F, how are you?
my name is NAME-M
I would like to see help with the situation that I am having with my PRS-ORG
I'm fine too, thank you.
then the following happens
Since I bought the PRS-ORG I can’t play a game without having some performance related problem, the FPS keeps falling all the time and when it drops below 60 the game starts to freeze.
I have tried to follow several tips on the internet about what to do to solve this and nothing worked, not even the second patch of update that should have corrected problems of this type as it was in the description did not work and I do not know what else to do, but one thing is certain, I can not play.
I even tried to ask for a refund from PRS-ORG, but since it had already passed two hours (two hours trying to make the game work) they didn't accept it
and I do not know what else to do, and it is impossible to play any game mode\
hello?
I think I’ve already done all of these steps and the problem persists
not to mention the silence of PRS-ORG about these problems and a future update to correct this
because I do not know what else to do
sure, I'll do it
But let's agree that if the PRS-ORG launches a patch, it's going to take a good few months ne
and if it works
but thanks for the help
no, thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
good afternoon
my name is NAME-M
I am having trouble opening the packages I won
in the store
Thank you.
are 4 packages ok?
There's an info about connection and login problem
I've already tried the app and nothing works
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
okay.
I'll wait.
anything let me know again
thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: how can I buy the PRS-ORG game to offer it?
In this case, a code for the person to download the game onto their PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy there I have a link that I can offer?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
hello
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I just uninstalled the game.
by PRS-ORG games
I can't change the language of the PRS-ORG
yes
I can't
it is in english
it's just a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi, my name is NAME-M
I wanted to put my PRS-T1 account from PRS-T1 in my pc
How about?
ok
obg
ahhh
okay
obg
Brazilian Portuguese: nn
obg
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, I hope you're good too. Let's go with my problem. Before, I was playing ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG platform, then I bought another PRS-ORG, the game works fine, the only problem is that I can't play with my friends online, they also have the PRS-ORG.
My registered email is :
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: ID: NAME-N
I have already tried everything I know, I have already spoken to someone else through chat, but they could not help me.
This, I can't play the online mode with my friends.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG refund
I had a negative experience.
in relation to the performance on my computer
Brazilian Portuguese: the app crashes too much
and it wasn't what I expected
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask your name please?
Hello NAME-N!
Here is the NAME-F
I need help accessing my PRS-ORG account, the code isn't arriving in my email
Just received a code here haha
Thanks for the attention NAME-N!
No, that was it!
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
my name and NAME-M as NAME-M
good afternoon
all right
I'm fine, thanks for asking
then my PRS-ORG is not starting
I would like to unlink my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
I think the error is that
right
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: please verify if
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
NAME-M
I'm good, and you?
I would like to change the email on my PRS-ORG account
how could i do this?
However, when I send a security code to my email to make the exchange, the message doesn't arrive.
I am not receiving the emails from PRS-ORG
that's right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
my name is NAME-N
I would like to transfer the account I recently unlinked from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I unlinked from this user thinking I would be saved in PRS-ORG, but when I opened it again, I had lost the account
basically, I wanted to transfer my progress from the PRS-ORG account to another user
And I ended up disassociating myself from PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: and I can't enter my account anymore
when I open the PRS-ORG with PRS-ORG
he was bound to another PRS-ORG account
Brazilian Portuguese: and a totally new progress appears
I would like to transfer the progress of this PRS-ORG account to another account
Brazilian Portuguese: progress only of PRS-ORG
how can I proceed?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I had an account on PRS-ORG, which was deleted by another person
my account was deleted
I had there the game of PRS-ORG with the code: ALPHANUMERICID
I need help to recover my account
EMAIL
I need help to recover my account.
Brazilian Portuguese: it's been a while since it played and I think it has been deleted or banned
yes
EMAIL
but that was the email he used
Good evening, I made the withdrawal at 00:00 yesterday and it did not arrive, I got in contact with you and the operator said there was a delay in the payment, but that they would ask the responsible sector to advance my payment, but when I went into my account now, the withdrawal returned to my amulet account, what happened?
NAME-N to withdraw again?
NAME-N: Sem-títuloz.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: URL
NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F what do you reply me in email
certain
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: but why was it canceled
this is what I want to know
Do I withdraw again?
so it's not my mistake
everything is ok with my account, correct?
Brazilian Portuguese: nao
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Yes
Since the update yesterday I can not enter the ultimate tem do PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all PRS-ORG players
I do not have PRS-ORG
Besides that, I only have 5 friends
I cannot solve the problem
I have goals to achieve.
I only have today to get the NAME-N letter.
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP I'm losing out on because I can't play
But I need to play today
Because I only have until today to complete the objectives
How will you solve this situation?
Will I be disadvantaged in relation to other players because I have PRS-ORG?
I will lose important players and points
It's fine.
I'll wait.
Thanks for the help
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: It's all thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F sou NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 510034
I didn't take this ban before stopping to play, I come back and have a ban for restricted activity?
I just wanted to play to pass the time but I'm seeing that I lost for nothing
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
good night.
Do you have a question?
I want to buy the PRS-ORG ...
but for me it's playing this new map
am I obliged to buy the gol or ultimate version?
or buying the basic game I can play already?
gold or ultimate version *
I just want to know if and if it is possible to play the new map by buying the PRS-ORG basic version?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
good afternoon
there is no game to download
I sent an attachment.
I received notification that it was available
Brazilian Portuguese: says it became available 58 minutes ago
How can I solve if I have PRS-ORG ?
it is already resolved
you would need to restart the PRS-T2 app
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG, I owned a PRS-ORG but didn't realize the version I purchased was for it only.
I have now upgraded to PRS-ORG and I don't have the game for the new version.
Wouldn't it be possible to make it available?
Will I have to buy the same game again?
Since it costs the same on both platforms
Everything is okay then.
I'm not going to play anymore, since I'm not going to pay 2x for the same game.
I will wait for the next year.
Thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
Good evening, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to report two users who use hacker in the online mode of the game PRS-ORG.
The name of one of them is NAME-N and the other is NAME-N
Both use commands that the sight automatically goes to other players' heads and they can see through walls.
In fact, the servers for online PRS-ORG games are full of users using this type of cheat.
Unfortunately, it is demoralizing to play there.
I would like actions to be taken against them.
The fairest thing would be for them to be banned from the platform.
Ok.
I will report on the link that you sent me
That's all.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
hello my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with Twitch
just that she asks for an access code.
in a number I no longer have
I have already tried these cases.
just that it says it's going to send the authentication code to a number that I no longer have
and it's not the number that I have linked
I used
Brazilian Portuguese: it takes me to where I reported the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: please ask for a verification code
and says it will send to a phone number
q I don't have anymore
and I already even changed in the PRS-ORG account that number for a while
Ok
thank you very much for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I would like to have a telephone contact to talk to you.
My account was hacked and you say there's nothing suspicious?
I'm not okay.
You play with clients.
I am not liking this situation at all
Is it good to say that I was the one who did what happened to my account?
Yes, I wish to have a contact to call by phone
Please
Do you not have a contact to call???
My email is EMAIL
I already know that they will tell me that nobody entered the account.
But did you enter me into the account?
Okay thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: No, thank you, that's all
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Hello, how are you?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all the PRS-ORG points and jewels to win NAME-M, and again the player didn't come!
The last promotion did not come either
I filed a complaint
And I didn't get a refund and I didn't win anything.
Only loss
Now the promotion of the same thing is off the store!
Brazilian Portuguese: But it has already been reported the last time
This is already the second time in a row.
I'm losing money
The assistant who told me I was the first to report
Now this still continues to happen
But just reporting it doesn't solve what happened
How do I request a refund?
Okay.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
My name is NAME-M
I have already had a conversation with a colleague of yours about the game missing from my library, after doing what he told me to do the game is still missing
And I as I work and leave every day at 20 and it's quite difficult to have an online conversation that resolves my situation given that I don't have access to my PC now
EMAIL
The missing game and PRS-ORG
Game bought on 26-11 on the PRS-ORG
I have restarted, I have lied, I have already been to the app dat, I have deleted the files that your colleague had told me to delete, and still I do not have the game
I have the proof of payment from the bank and from PRS-ORG showing how the game was bought and that I already have 30 hours in it
The amount of 47.99€ was paid
I was already able to start it using PRS-ORG
Since I am not at home I could not do the login, as soon as I get there I will check it out!
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
good evening, my name is NAME-M
I need help because my PRS-ORG is reading my control as from PRS-ORG
however my control is PRS-ORG
In PRS-ORG it appears as PRS-ORG and the control settings in PRS-ORG are also from PRS-ORG
however when I open the game it got like PRS-ORG
before it was normal, I already tried everything to fix it but it does not work
was
changed to PRS-ORG out of nowhere
Brazilian Portuguese: and does not go out at all
I took a print to show that it is marked as control of PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG
where can I send it ?
Brazilian Portuguese: now back to normal
thank you very much
Brazilian Portuguese: have a good night
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you to give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, I have 38 players listed as transferable in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear as sold with the "tick" but I have not received the coins and I can not withdraw them.
They're just frozen there.
I need gold letters to make the PRS-ORG.
Did you understand?
That, the 38 players are stuck there in my transfer list
These are low values.
Brazilian Portuguese: They are gold players with a maximum overall of 79, around 1,500 per player.
They are listed there.
Brazilian Portuguese: all gold, rare or common
I would have to add the values of each player and I didn't do that
But it is already the second case that you are mistaken with me.
Time passes and nothing is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: hello good afternoon
my PRS-ORG won't open
Brazilian Portuguese: every time I update the operating system this happens
I bought it from PRS-ORG
my name is NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: he just doesn't open
I have already disabled the antivirus
I already messed with the app data
And it does not help
I already did this, friend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
NAME-N, when clicking to play multiplayer mode the game closes
in only a few seconds
What could it be?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
I downloaded it from PRS-ORG, but it requires the use of PRS-ORG to play it
I wish I could forward a video of what is happening
I did that, I downloaded the PRS-ORG, the game starts normal, campaign mode works normal
just the multiplayer that is not
but the campaign runs normal, I can play normal
this error only affects multiplayer
actually it's not even an error, the game just closes
i'll try uninstall and install again
not
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Good afternoon.
It’s that I can’t disassociate the prime gaming account
I wanted to put my new account
If you can help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Ok I will wait thanks
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Why does PRS-ORG have a trash server?
DO NOT ASK QUESTIONS
JUST READ
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, does anyone know how to read it
And what problem did I say?
I didn't say that it was my internet, it is not my PC
AND THE PRS-ORG SERVER IS JUNK
NAME-N, all the attendants say the same thing
Brazilian Portuguese: until today the server continues to be crap
Soon?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, what a joke
Years and years of consumers complaining
PRS-ORG not being greedy does not buy a server
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name please?
my name is NAME-M
I was putting together a draft online
and he came
2 NAME-N I sent the image attached
this being impossible
That's right
Brazilian Portuguese: can't help
in this case
I will take further action against the company
we players pay to have a product, and since there are PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel disadvantaged
NAME-M
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I have your name please?
Why is the game so buggy after the update...PRS-ORG
When is the next update to find out why it's not possible by then...
Player stops running out of nowhere...defender jumps in front of the attacker. The fullback runs twice as fast as the wingers.
I make everyone on the first day play on the other side so that they don't feel like they're on the field.
I am not complaining about gameplay
Wl faço 8x1 9x1 isso eu fiz 4 num sofrimento não tem como joga desse jeito.
I want to know when the next PRS-ORG update will be???
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please provide your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yesterday I spoke to NAME-M about my account being hacked
Brazilian Portuguese: she helped me, but I can not log in to my PRS-ORG account
I've already changed my password several times.
and I can't get into the account, which is tied to the PRS-ORG account
my NAME-M closed and I couldn't contact it again
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Pleasure to you too.
I have a doubt with PRS-ORG.
I see talk about becoming verified on PRS-ORG.
Is being verified getting into the elite division of PRS-ORG?
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I have doubts regarding the PRS-ORG packs with problems
I noticed that whoever made the player pick of PRS-ORG and took PRS-ORG will receive the player pick again
However, what will the person who created the icon pack and took away the moments icon receive?
I have removed a PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG pack
I understood, in that case how long may it take to receive it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm good, thank you.
I subscribed to PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG to play PRS-ORG but it doesn't seem to acquire without buying
I can acquire the PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check that
I can't find this game
I have been looking at the PRS-ORG list of games now and all PRS-ORG are on PRS-ORG including PRS-ORG
Except the PRS-ORG that is not in PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I have your name, please?
NAME-M
I contacted you just now because I have the same PRS-ORG account on both the PRS-ORG and PC, but on PRS-ORG it has given me a different name
In PRS-ORG I have a team in PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I accessed the account on PRS-ORG, but on the PC it already appeared a different name
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG name — NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: Name PRS-ORG PC - ALPHANUMERICID
Email is the same - EMAIL
Yes, that's right, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here on the PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when PRS-ORG offered it a few months ago.
Here at Pc
Yes, I know, but when I started the PRS-ORG on my PC, it asked for my PRS-ORG account, in fact I got the prizes for continuing to use my account to play.
Except PRS-ORG, I had never played PRS-ORG on the PC.
Yes, it's possible that it is.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Good evening NAME-M
I am NAME-M
I was playing in the weekend league and I was winning 3-1 when my opponent quit the game
But I didn’t win the victory
Can you verify?
EMAIL
Should I have taken the win?
Brazilian Portuguese: No
I think it's the second to last.
It was 3x1
Ah everything is fine then
But will it be counted as a victory?
I understand.
Thank you.
No.
Just that
Thanks!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon.
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put in the email it won't go any further
Brazilian Portuguese: It does not advance
ValéEMAIL
Everything small and without accent.
How do I do this?
Kkkkk
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself?
I just bought some PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG website
I made the withdrawal to the PRS-ORG account
But it's not showing up in the game
Here it appears that I have 55 Reais available
But how do I put it in the PRS-ORG?
That's right
CREDITCARD
that is what I bought at PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I was able to rescue it here in the account
the value
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good Afternoon!!
I wanted to see with you if you have the possibility to delete my account at PRS-ORG?
Because I am trying to log in on it more and it says there is a problem with my account
I wanted to uninstall it and start again
I can't open my PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG games
also
It reads "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account
I log in to PRS-ORG, my email is released and the app is opened.
Only I can't link the PRS-ORG and I can't open the game
I have already uninstalled the app and the game and reinstalled them
Still, it didn't solve it
I need a lot of your help, I'm talking to you for the second time of the day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First of all, could you give me your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure is mine
So, I have been away for a while and I can’t get into my old account
I have a question about the email, I think it is, EMAIL
But when I request to recover my password, I don't receive the email
As PRS-ORG is a very old site it has gone through so many changes I have had to now reactivate my email
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you give me your name please?
Hello.
Please, I would like to cancel my PRS-ORG subscription.
I am trying to do the cancellation from the billing page, but the cancellation option is not showing up
The associated email is EMAIL
Everything has already been canceled by the PRS-ORG my subscription to PRS-ORG.
A question: in case I sign up for PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG, will the progress I have in other games that I had via PRS-ORG continue?
Or would it all start over from scratch?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name?
hello good afternoon
then I am having a problem with the app of PRS-ORG
I can not download the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: msg appears: there was a problem with your download
Something went wrong during the download.
Wait a few minutes and try again.
Yes
I can only succeed with the PRS-ORG
I will do the procedures here.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Likewise, NAME-M.
I made a PRS-ORG where it said "Player Choice PRS-ORG", but I received a PRS-ORG.
But I only did PRS-ORG because I thought I would receive the Player's Choice, if I knew that I was going to win a bundle, I wouldn't have done it.
Is there something that can be done?
Are you still here?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a PRS-ORG match, when my opponent after scoring a goal, left the match
As soon as I left the match, a message appeared saying the match was under review.
I tried to get back into the game mode, and I could not get in, a message appears saying I do not have the right to play this mode
Appears on rivals and PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG you normally enter
No, I want to end it, there are still 7 matches left, but I can't play
I'm thinking I was banned unjustly.
1 minute
EMAIL
NAME-N
Ah perfect, I got scared I took a ban kkkkkkkkk
Thanks for the help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
This is my game login, my account was banned on PRS-ORG, I stopped playing for a while and noticed that some coins had disappeared
I think I was hacked!
I play since 2012 and I never did anti-play!
I need you to check for me what is happening
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
so I am having problems accessing the PRS-ORG
one moment says it's a problem of PRS-ORG and another of the servers
I have already visited the sites several times.
and it never works out
What I did
I do.
it worked now
thank you for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good morning!
My name is NAME-M
Hi!
NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG through my mobile phone, on the app of PRS-ORG, when I got home, I entered the game and the PRS-ORG were not there
I bought again because of the game, it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORGs of the second purchase fell
But the first purchase, the PRS-ORG didn't drop in the game.
Yes!
It has already been 24h
I bought it yesterday at 10:05
Life, I feel cheated by the loss of these PRS-ORG
I understood!
I will get in touch with PRS-ORG, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I know your name, please?
NAME-F
How are you doing?
I am trying to buy PRS-ORG points, and when I enter to see the PRS-ORG points options, a message appears
It is not possible to add PRS-ORG points at the moment
Try later
A few days ago, it had never happened before.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
I'm sorry, what did you say?
Is the server blocked for the purchase of PRS-ORG points for the PRS-ORG 18?
I see, so it's a temporary problem.
If in 24 hours I am not able to, I will contact you again.
Thank you for your attention.
Recently we bought 24 e-books on the PRS-ORG app and paid by credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase??
In waiting.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 03/03/2021
Recently we purchased 24 e-books from the PRS-ORG app and paid with a credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase?
Waiting.
Will you issue an NF for the purchase we made through the PRS-ORG app?
For every sale of a product, a NF is generated, right?
I would like to know if you will forward me via email the NF of the purchase of 24 e-books we just made
HOW SO?
Do you not have a partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask for your name please?
Good night NAME-M.
I was already talking to another representative but my connection dropped
I am fine thank you for asking
My PRS-ORG game has a bug where the icon marker is moving without me touching the control
I have already changed the control and it still has the same bug.
Yes.
When I turn on the game, the arrow to select the icons keeps moving around and this all happens without me touching the controller.
I have already used different controls and the bug still persists
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Can you help me?
I already have PRS-ORG linked in PRS-ORG account
I used to play PRS-ORG normally.. until yesterday
I can’t log in PRS-ORG today, it says: sorry, there was an error in the connection to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
I even formatted my pc to see if it would work.... and it still doesn't work at all
I'll send a print screen
Brazilian Portuguese: has just started operating again
did you make any adjustment?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I ask your name please?
NAME-M
Good evening
I can't link my account to PRS-ORG
I put in my email and password, but the code doesn't arrive in my email
EMAIL
the above is the main one
Brazilian Portuguese: while the secondary is EMAIL
however it does not give me the option to link the secondary
I managed to get this code that he sent
obg
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I am having a specific problem
in my PRS-ORG
I'm having a problem.
that when I try to change the graphic of the shadow details, to the deactivated one, it goes back to the bottom from nowhere
I just want to leave it disabled, but I can't
EMAIL
here's the email
it must be some technical problem, NAME-F I tried to uninstall the game and reinstall it, format the pc, and it didn’t work
Brazilian Portuguese: it still gives me the same problem
NAME-F?
Brazilian Portuguese: this has been happening for a long time
Brazilian Portuguese: almost a year already
is this not the problem.
the problem is in my game graphics
only the "details of the shadows [lighting]" which is changing downwards, by itself
even though I want to leave it deactivated
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, I hope to receive a reply from you as soon as possible
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hello 😸
My insignia from 10/10/10 did not count
Each one of the team has to kill 10 people to get , we got it but she didn't count
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG game
I have a photo and video if it helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello good morning
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked to the e-mail EMAIL
Yesterday night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG and they didn't even enter the account
Brazilian Portuguese: ID PRS-ORG
E-mail EMAIL
I bought it directly from the PRS-ORG shop.
Direct purchase of the game was giving an error
I opened the PRS-ORG menu, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reales.
That is the value that the account has with the signature of PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I did the PRS-ORG subscription renewal but it came in duplicate.
I want to cancel one of the charges
the signature is for PRS-ORG
I made the purchase by the PRS-ORG itself.
in the PRS-ORG app
ok then
Thank you
just that
NAME-F
Brazilian Portuguese: good dua
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
I need to inform that the request has been received.
.. it is missing to test if I can download it
and know if the pamphlet that came with the PRS-ORG
where do I print?
with the instruction manual
I bought version 4
Brazilian Portuguese: without limitations of the free version to be launched on the 18th
already showed up in the download environment
but I need to know where is the manual to download with the license and instructions
also
it would be like downloading start and the instruction manual equal to the the PRS-ORG
when I bought it was in physical media
and the instruction manual
yes
I also want to thank you
good morning and good work
just that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Hello good evening!
I would like to request my rivals reward as I have completed the 8 weekly wins
My name is NAME-M
My email is EMAIL
Oh yeah 🙌🏻
It's all right.
Thank you for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
I sent a photo of the error when entering.
I was in an online match and in the middle of the match, my Internet went down.
I'm trying to reconnect but I can't
I sent a photo of the mistake
I would like to enter the PRS-ORG menu
You need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I am restarting the console.
Console PRS-ORG*
Brazilian Portuguese: And I'll try again
I think it worked 🤞🤞
That was it
Thank you so much for your help
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
I bought PRS-ORG
did not fall
I have already attached it exactly how you requested.
and I need them to be put in manually
because I want to buy something that has a time limit to buy.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
EMAIL
dude I am going to lose the promotion and I will sue you.
Second call I open and you guys in this joke
proof was already sent, it was supposed to be in my account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello friend
I was banned and I want to use my email again for another account
I want you to delete my account
Yes
Delete everything
I want to use that email again friend
EMAIL
the account has already been deactivated and you keep the email retained
My PRS-ORG account is from this email, I can't play PRS-ORG in it because you are holding my email
to change how??
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
So, NAME-F, good afternoon!
I have a problem with disconnects, or dc as it's better known, in my account
It's not my internet because I am never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, only from the matches
And it is harming me a lot, especially in the PRS-ORG's, because it is very important not to lose silly games in an attempt to get a higher rank, now taking this type of disconnection every week how do I do it?
This, I'm having a disconnection problem
Facing**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, how are you doing?!
So, it seems like today you get an update in the game, right?!
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, but when I started, the game gave an error.
I have already uninstalled it, and reinstalled it.
But continues in the error
I can't play, an error message always appears
I have the photo
You may keep
I remain in wait.
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and it's all okay
Only the PRS-ORG itself gave an error after this update, and the same does not enter
Do you think you can release today?
Or do they give any deadline?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N
To begin, may you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Thanks
My PRS-ORG account has been suspended from the transfer market
Account: ALPHANUMERICID
However I am not in any currency purchase and sale scheme
Correct
Of course.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
I want to change the PRS-ORG account linked to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked a PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account, but it belongs to my cousin, and I signed up for PRS-ORG and so I want to switch an account for the other
I want to link another Prime account
But I can't do it because it says I can't link another account
But I don't want to use the 2, I just want to put the prime that I signed
I want to link another prime gaming account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and it doesn't load.
You are stuck in the story mode loading screen.
My pc meets the requirements to play and I already tried to lower the graphics to the maximum to try to load it
So what's left is to wait for correction?
Is there nothing I can do?
I want to play the game.
It turns out that earlier this year the same game was on sale and I bought it and had the exact same problem.
I did refund as I thought it was a hardware problem.
Will I have to wait another year to play the game?
8 months have passed and the problem has not been solved
it is difficult to trust your word that it will be resolved soon
What a joke
But okay
I don't really have anything to do
Thank you for at least letting me know.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I am unable to start a game.
It was after I did a DME that this error started…
This morning I was playing normally.
Now the night is with proboema
The message "There is a problem connecting to PRS-ORG" appears
And then you return to the main menu
I can't start any game mode
I have already tested my connection and everything is ok
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
Is my account all right?
Are others also having this problem?
How do I solve it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I am unable to play PRS-ORG.
I hold the PRS-ORG assinatura from PRS-ORG, which includes the PRS-ORG
It turns out that when I open the game the error appears, which I attached the images to
Just a reminder that it's the 10 o'clock evaluation time.
I even managed to get access to the game earlier.
But now I am trying and the error described appears
Talk to me to check my subscription, it is still active until the 2nd of next month
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
How are you doing?
I am having problems to get into the PRS-ORG mode and some friends are also having the same problem
How good!
☺️
Yes, I even sent it at the beginning of the conversation.
A photo of what appears
Could not connect to PRS-ORG.
Try again later.
This message that appears
What I play PRS-ORG is another profile.
Play PRS-ORG in one account and PRS-ORG in the following
EMAIL
It's the e-mail
Yes, yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I still have problems starting the game
I can't play
the anticheat is giving problems
a memory dump appears in the error message
I got in touch earlier and was told this problem would be resolved immediately
and I signed up for PRS-ORG just so I could play the game today
I want to know when I'll be able to play
yes
I've already tried a lot of things.
Brazilian Portuguese: and nothing is solved
you must be aware of this problem by now
Brazilian Portuguese: so what is the solution?
is the problem then in the anticheat?
Should I not do anything on my computer?
okay
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I can't play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG
A message appears saying I don't have permission
Yes.
It says that I do not have the required right to access this resource
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Brazilian Portuguese: I was talking with another customer service rep and the conversation dropped
in reference to my last open PRS-ORG case
no, I bought the PRS-ORG at his event!
however, soon after you nerfed him and he is unplayable, my request was if I could exchange my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one!
because I deeply regret having bought his and vc6 nerfed the doll
I would really appreciate it if you could help me
I was speaking with another attendant, but he dropped off, he said that he would check with the team
attendant*
Brazilian Portuguese: yes or refund to get wraith
Brazilian Portuguese: new from wraith
PRS-ORG is the game that I love the most, that I play the most since season 1.
I would be very grateful if you could help me.
poxa
is there a code so I can try to purchase the new inheritance?
I would not call if I took out of the saw
seer
You give so much code to these streamers who only speak ill of the game and we, the game lovers, end up being prejudiced by the nerf that they make on the dolls
i would have been playing with him if they hadn't killed him
now I spent it and I regret it and ngm can help me
Brazilian Portuguese: um codigo vc estaria me ajudando eu completaria o que faltasse
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Hello, my account was invaded or my phone was hacked I don’t know and my players were sold and my coins disappeared and I was banned from the market.
I was very focused on my account now this happened I am discouraged
I am already trying to contact you guys give me 5 star attention the support just sends email that wont revert the house
Case
My account is already old and had no ban never was me
And to start another account does not work, I already have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is linked
Help me please.
I'm desperate
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
this problem has persisted for a week now
I am very angry.
When I start the anticheat, the message appears: "could not start.
Necessary administrator access this problem has been persisting for a week
I need a reply with urgency
YES, LOVE
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, NAME-F.
NAME-M.
So, I took advantage of the 70% discount that PRS-ORG is giving, and decided to purchase the PRS-ORG.
NAME-F, I installed it, but when I run the game, I get these error messages... I do not know what it is or how to solve it...
I sent the print in the attached file when the chat was opened.
Yes, that's right.
I open the game via the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG page, it also starts via PRS-ORG, and the errors I sent appear in the print.
Did NAME-F manage to get access to the print that I sent?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
I have already reinstalled the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG App, but PRS-ORG will not open.
The PRS-ORG App opens twice and does not open the game.
It was normal until yesterday.
Correct
I've already looked for all possible tutorials from you.
I can only format the computer...
Even the last customer service agent sent 3 links to my email that I had already accessed previously.
EMAIL
It is associated with my PRS-ORG account, where the purchase was made.
No error message appears.
It simply won't open.
Does not even get to open the PRS-ORG
The PRS-ORG app simply closes and reopens in offline mode
okay.
they were the same links that they sent me last time
I already accessed and it didn't solve it
apparently I will have to try to format my computer because even you do not know the reason
Thanks for nothing.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name, please?
Hello my friend, how are you doing?
my name is NAME-M
I am
I bought PRS-ORG a few minutes ago but I didn't enjoy the game much
then I wanted to ask for a refund
Can you help me with this?
Clearly, a friendly moment
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening!
my name is NAME-M
I was thinking of purchasing PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG, but I can not figure out if my PC has the requirements to run the game
my processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID   2.40 GHz
and I have 8 GB of RAM
but the graphic board is
Yes, but graphics card only has Nvidia or PRS-ORG
My graphics is Intel HD graphics 520
is it possible to run the game?
ah, ok
well, it seems I'll have to invest in a video card
Thanks for the help!
thanks
That's it for today!
Have a good day and good work!
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
I am NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the server went down
Am I going to lose the game?
Yes, but will I have the return of the PRS-ORG entry fee?
I can't connect
The server is down
My internet is perfect
The server went down when I was playing
I want to know if I will be refunded my PRS-ORG entry?
More, it is not just me who can't log in
Everybody I know is not making it
It wasn’t a problem with my internet
It was a problem with you guys at the server
I don’t want to lose the match because of that.
I just want the PRS-ORG entry returned
Ok.
Only that
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
wanted a refund
from the game  that I bought PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: I can't play
brazilian portuguese: the game has an error and I can't start to play
Brazilian Portuguese: I have conditions, but I don't want money back.
3 days that I can't enter the game
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M birth
Good evening, how are you?
I'm contacting you because you deleted my team and I want to see the possibility of re-adding it.
NAME-N this game gives me nerves kkkk
That too.
No ultimate time
Brazilian Portuguese: Name of the club wizard's troops
Okay.
EMAIL
Huuum ok then I’m finishing my participation in PRS-ORG
Thank you so much for trying
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night NAME-F all the best, stay with God.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, my NAME-F
Are you okay?
My home in the PRS-ORG has disappeared
I was in contact now, they asked me to follow a step by step error resolution by PRS-ORG
I had to restart the computer and I lost the dialog, but it didn't work
I didn't use any corrupted items, only those from the package,
It disappeared for a while, I opened a solution request, after a while an update appeared and it came back
I created the family and when I put it in the house it had disappeared again.
That's right.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Good evening, my doubt is in regards to PRS-ORG
The 10 o'clock of the PRS-ORG only counts when the game is open
Or tells from the first moment that opens the game
But if I close the game and go do something else the test continues the time
Or only when the game is open?
In case if I turn off the PC the time still goes on?
If the game is completely closed
The weather still continues
Or only if the game is open.
Okay, thank you very much
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
My pleasure.
I am tremendously desperate because yesterday I entered my account and I noticed that practically all of my coins were taken.
About 1 million and 100 thousand coins.
I don't know what to do about this!
That is why I came to ask for help.
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, I just got in touch with the problem with the download of the purchase I made.
I made the purchase again and the same problem occurred
My name: NAME-M
Everything okay.
I still have problems downloading the PRS-T1 package for the PRS-T1 that I bought.
I am using the PRS-ORG App.
Could it be a problem of the app?
I was able to download it.
I cleared the application cache
from the PRS-ORG App in the "Recover app" option
it worked.
For now, you're just obliged!
Good night
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I bought a game and can not download it, can you help me?
I installed the PRS-ORG application on my computer.
I bought The PRS-ORG collection of worlds
EMAIL
I am not receiving an error message, I wanted you to teach me to download the game by the PRS-ORG app
he only shows up (YOU ALREADY HAVE THIS COMPLEMENT)
But I don't know how to download the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG level 500 account already
but I want to play on pc and link the same account
when the cross progression comes, will it be wrong to lose my things of the PRS-ORG account?
the game is PRS-ORG legends
but I play on PC now
with the same email.
etc
Will there be any problem in the future?
I am a writer and the owner of the rights of the book The Fairy and the Wizard
Brazilian Portuguese: URL
Brazilian Portuguese: you cannot sell them!
the company that placed the book there can't see the same ... favor remove it ...
I do not speak as a user
I speak as a writer and owner of the rights
vc is human
I want to talk to a human
thanks I'm going to open a case la
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Hello Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After many attempts to solve my problem, I decided to contact you.
When I start the PRS-ORG, I get an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I tried everything that I saw on the internet to solve it, but it was all in vain
Basically, you guys are my last chance
I didn’t do that one in question.
Do you want me to?
give me just a minute please, I'll be fast.
Unfortunately it continues to give the same error
After following all the steps, the same error appears when starting the PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately, I can't open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS in the PRS-ORG Companion App
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I know your name please?
NAME-M
Hi, I am not able to connect to rivals
It takes more than 15 hours
I am able to log in to play rivals
A warning is appearing, more than 15 hours
Yes
I had already contacted support and they said that the problem would be fixed quickly
However, the problem still persisted
Ok, how about the rewards?
Because there is still 1 game left for me to catch up and 12 hours left to end Rivals
It's okay
And how would I get these packages afterwards?
For it is the progress of the whole season, it is 89 games to get the best reward, and I am not able to play to get the 90th game
It is frustrating that we played an entire season and were not rewarded
Especially in such an important event like TOTY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: tudo bem
so, some time ago I deleted my gmail that was part of a prs-org account and today I can no longer access my old account precisely because I deleted my old gmail
Could it help me?
that account that I am talking about now and my gmail are working, that is, I want to try to recover my old account
that is registered in that gmail
EMAIL
that old gmail got deleted and i forgot to switch in PRS-ORG before i deleted it, and had games on it
Brazilian Portuguese: like bf4 and others
How could I recover the account by PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please introduce yourself?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: then, NAME-M.
Today I bought and downloaded the game NAME-F and after installing it does not open.
Brazilian Portuguese: Staying by giving the following message: "There was an error on our part that caused an error in the initialization.
Try again later."
no, it is installed.
But it does not open when I start it...
yes
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
Why then did I like amuletobet
I found a better bookmaker
Brazilian Portuguese: A URL ágil ni bônus e na retirad
I can't play with platforms like this
Sorry, but I can't.
Bonus denied
So I want the removal of my record, and even if the bonus is good I don't want it because I have already decided and in my way.
I don't want it anymore, I found another game house that's better, and I value that and my form a lot.
Tchau de já fico grato.
For the exclusion.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I bought the PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG and when I start the PRS-ORG my game is not in the library, when I start from the PRS-ORG I am redirected to the PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I did not receive any code, it gives an error of denied access, I have a print of the proof of purchase
Yes
Actually I bought it through PRS-ORG, didn't know it had a code
but when I start the game I am redirected to PRS-ORG and it asks me for the code
I contacted PRS-ORG and they sent me to the PRS-ORG website, now I am lost, one sending me to the other
And here on the website itself it says that I can appeal to you
I lost my code and did not install it through the PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose a product key, contact us so we can assist you.
You may be asked to present proof of purchase, so have it on hand.
that is a topic that I thought was
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
NAME-F
My pleasure
I bought the game PRS-ORG, but I can not access it
I'm teaching e-mail and I can't finish
I am unable to proceed and use it
Thank you very much
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Please help me.
I was hacked and for what I have seen they deleted my club of PRS-ORG.
I invest a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and I can't lose my account like this.
As I sent you the photo in the annex this morning I tried to enter my companion app of the PRS-ORG and I do not have a club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thank you for the help.
I played last Tuesday night.
Yesterday I didn't play because I worked all day and today when I wanted to enter the club in the morning it said that there was no club.
Ok thanks for the information
Then you say it is and I have not been hacked
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I know your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am trying to link a PRS-ORG account
however he says that another is already bound
Brazilian Portuguese: which I have already disconnected last week
EMAIL
this is the email I want to link
What is said to be linked is the EMAIL
was not using the old
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon.
My name is NAME-M
I cannot sign into my PRS-ORG account within the PRS-ORG game
The app closes as soon as I go into the option to add an account
Yes
I already restarted.
I have already uninstalled and installed the app.
And again, the problem persists.
No.
The game was just installed
He didn't ask for any updates
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My name is this
I'm great.
I am not able to log in to PRS-ORG mobile
In the case on my account
The login error is because it just does not show up for me
Only a dark image remains.
Brazilian Portuguese: And then it just keeps charging
thanks for trying to solve it for me, I appreciate it a lot
Yes, I am using the PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
That's the id I was using
NAME-M
The email is EMAIL
I have already been served by the PHONENUMBER protocol
it didn't help
Brazilian Portuguese: the game simply closes every time I open it
either by PRS-ORG or by PRS-ORG
I reinstalled, everything
and continues not opening
of the black screen
exactly
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name please?
Hello, NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M and I was talking to the PRS-ORG when the window closed.
Brazilian Portuguese: It is equally a pleasure
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins, but I didn't even select the difficulty.
My energy dropped and I lost my coins without even contesting the draft.
Can you help me?
EMAIL
Thank you.
Unfortunately, that does not solve the problem.
There are no rewards once the draft was not even disputed but the PRS-ORG has my 15 thousand coins.
There is nothing else you can do to help.
Unfortunate.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
unfortunately I am not feeling well
my account is advertising my players and items on PRS-ORG
doing buying and selling without asking me !!!!
I don't know if someone is getting into my account or if it is some kind of bug
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My email account is saying there is none.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
But I'm entering it.
My email  and this EMAIL
I just want to recover the account
In the PRS-ORG it comes in normally
In the PRS-ORG app
Not
I believe so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I am not able to make the payment for the packages, it is not authorized even though I have credit on the card
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: pass the card, normally
seconds later
Brazilian Portuguese: the purchase is cancelled
I tried 2 different cards
What should I do?
Try again later?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is Indian shit
Going to take in your ass, you dickhead!
That company had to blow up with all of you inside, you’re gonna get hit
Disgusting handicap of this game.
Always favoring the worst.
If the son of a bitch plays badly or has a shitty team, it's his fucking problem.
Here you guys come and fuck up the game with this handicap.
Talk to me, NAME-N, do you not feel ashamed to work in this company???
Are you not ashamed to work for PRS-ORG?
How much time do you need to answer a simple question?
My question is: do you have no shame working for PRS-ORG?
It's a very simple question: yes or no?
Well based hahaha they brainwashed you, friend
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Hi good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Is there any link I can use to log in?
To not use the application
The link worked, but will I be able to play PRS-ORG through this application?
Opa, desse link
Same on PRS-ORGado
How?
:C
When I click on PRS-ORG, it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, but gives me options to download PRS-ORG
The PRS-ORG doesn't work?
My God
And now?
I already uninstalled and installed it and nothing.
Then I enter the PRS-ORG program that has been installed on the computer, but it opens the PRS-ORG that does not load and the game does not open
I will restart, hopefully it will work
I'm desperate
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: hello, how are you doing?
so, since last week I've been having problems with speed lag
however my connection is good and servers are working as well
I don't know if the video was attached
I normally connect to the servers, I manage to enter the PRS-ORG
however, when I enter the game, some signals appear in red in the top corner of the screen
and it slows everything down, and all of a sudden everything is super fast
Brazilian Portuguese: the ping is always between 30 and 40
but some different signs appear in red on the top of the screen
I don't know if it was possible to understand it
so my problem probably is with the internet provider, right?
unfortunately.
What a life, what a bag
Brazilian Portuguese: it was not just that thanks a lot
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Yes
I bought the pass today at 4pm but it didn't release, I've been sending proof since then and talking with an attendant to solve the problem.
Now they have asked me to speak on the live chat
Can you explain step by step?
Because when I leave, I have to do it all again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon.
and portuguese
Hello.
my god kkkkkkkkk
I didn't know that language.
Brazilian Portuguese: then NAME-N
but I don't know the account email of those codes
how chic
I can send you the email of the account that I am talking to you now.
but it's not the account with the expansions I refer to
My email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please provide me with your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I would like to know how to get access to PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, I spent the whole day playing and could not finish it
is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
ook obrigado, on the transfer page it appears that my PRS-ORG account still doesn't have access
NAME-M, I have to get access by playing
well, I thought NAME-M had taken a bath without NAME-F, lol
thank you ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
NAME-M
I opened a ticket and received an e-mail yesterday saying it was completed
But for me the reward that was supposed to come did not come
EMAIL
Oshi more here is different for me
It was analyzed and the coins were credited to my account.
And how do I add something to the game in my account and you can't do anything?
So, what are you good for?
We pay so much for a game for when it is requested a vzs the service and they couldn't solve it for me
And I still end up losing money.
I want a solution.
What happens, I am at a loss then?
Dude, if I have to do something about this, I won't accept it
How do I have a loss in the content of your account and some and I am in the red?
And yet an email arrives saying that everything went well, that it was found to be an error and that the game coins would be added to the account?
Something is not right
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name, please?
Will I have to buy PRS-ORG again?
the order history shows the status of the PRS-ORG failed
hello, pleasure
In my card's app, it shows that the payment is ongoing
but because of the status in the order history showing it failed I was left in doubt
one more doubt, the value will be refunded to my credit card then, right?
I don't risk getting two PRS-ORGs
Perfect, thank you very much for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Good night.
I hope everything is ok with you.
Is it possible to transfer a game from a PRS-ORG to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I am disappointed because I can't access the web App
It says I don't have a club
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought a pack in the store today for R$25,000 which was supposed to give me a loan icon and 5 players with a rating of 82+, but I received one that was totally different from the description
I’ve never had problems before regarding this.
Brazilian Portuguese: data of purchase: today as15:48
I understood.
will I receive the correct package ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I ask for your name, please?
Hi, I was being helped but it disconnected.
Brazilian Portuguese: Case ID PHONENUMBER
The game does not start due to PRS-ORG issues.
I have already followed the attendant's instructions regarding the uninstallation and reinstallation of the anticheat and the initialization of the PRS-ORG as admin, and it did not solve the issue
EMAIL
Okay, solved the problem.
It worked.
Game is working again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon.
NAME-M
my name is NAME-M
I am having my PRS-ORG transfer market blocked.
I have been a customer of PRS-ORG since PRS-ORG 18.
But I was on the PRS-ORG platform and this year I bought for the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Of course.
thank you!
Service interruption?
what is that?
Ahh tá
I will call you again soon
Thank you very much NAME-M
Have a great day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
So, I bought a PRS-ORG from American stores in a promotion that came with the PRS-ORG, and when the product arrived for me, I activated the code to download the game, I made the redemption, but  it didn't show up the game so I could download it.
NAME-N shows up on PRS-ORG to buy.
Brazilian Portuguese: so I contacted the store's support and they asked to talk to you
this
I can't download it through the activation code that came to me with the voucher
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: the code is not with me, I need to go and get it.
NAME-F I will send it to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
good evening
I can not install the PRS-ORG
I click to install and the installation process does not start
Brazilian Portuguese: it closes automatically
correct
The PRS-ORG application won't start, nor the setup to install it
I have already tried downloading another setup, rebooting the computer, downloading system updates, but so far none of this has worked
nothing happens
I click on the setup of the PRS-ORG it just does not work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I want to solve a problem with my login to the PRS-ORG draft
In the Security Check where there are the words to copy
I get by, but I don't pass
I'm having problems logging in.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
Hello Manas!
It's me again, I recently talked to you about my old PRS-ORG account being linked to my PRS-ORG account, but the same message insists on appearing even after three hours, is this normal?
I am NAME-M!!
I opened the support ticket with you more or less at 8:30 PM
However that message still persisted even after you disconnected the PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG
Ok!
I'll be waiting!
I can try again tomorrow morning!
If it is not resolved, I will try to contact you again, ok?
Correct!!
I will take a look at the site you sent, thanks again for helping me out!
I would like to apologize for all this problem haha, I feel like I'm bothering you!
Thank you very much!!
It was a pleasure to receive your help again with this problem I am having!
I hope that tomorrow morning it will already be disconnected from the old PRS-ORG!
Whenever I enter the game, the PRS-ORG world does not appear
just reboot the pc, I just reinstalled the app PRS-ORG
I have already cleaned the PRS-T1 app caches.
The PRS-ORG opens normally.
Brazilian Portuguese: more does not appear the PRS-ORG world
and every time I clear the caches of the PRS-ORG app, the PRS-ORG appears to download
EMAIL
other than this with cloudy weather here ,
I am crazy to be able to play this new pack and so far there is only sadness
I just received a number
key to the case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, may I have your name please?
NAME-F
My The PRS-ORG game is not loading...
An error appears when I try to download my "save"
I access the game via PRS-ORG
NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
Now it's done!
I restarted the game and the game application
Thank you so much for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon NAME-M
How are you?
I placed a withdrawal request but noticed it was denied and I didn't receive the reason why
Could you see for me what the problem is?
Is the code the bank number?
Because I filled out that item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know
I will try to place another order
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: No.
Thank you
Good afternoon.
Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-N
Dude, please
I won a WL game and my opponent is insulting me in the chat of PRS-ORG
I've attached some pictures, I don't know if you've managed to read them
I received xenophobic insults, calling me NAME-N
I received a death threat "you will die"
I received vulgar insults as in the image
His ID is "NAME-N"
The blessed created 3 secondary accounts and is sending me messages through there, saying he is going to get me banned
Please help me, these attitudes are inadmissible
I attached before starting the live chat
How do I input here?
I have 4 images.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Do you also need the images?
I have a print of the conversation and all of his posts
Okay.
I'll do that now.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you give me your name please?
my name is NAME-M
pleasure.
well i am trying to log into PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG 18 but it says my account is currently locked.
asks that I log in to the console on which I played the game, but I no longer have access to it.
and to tell me to contact the PRS-ORG Help
Very Sure
ok now it no longer appears to be blocked and asks me to choose a security question, so I think the problem has been solved.
I was able to get in.
thank you so much for your help.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I opened several rare mega packs today that showed as tradeable, but were actually untradable
This has harmed me a lot (dropping players, time, etc.)
I attached a video to show you
I would like to know what is going to be done about this.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day
Yesterday I made the purchase of PRS-ORG
I have a question about the content.
Are the items that come with the promotion added immediately, or only when the game is launched?
For the PRS-ORG points and others did not fall.
May I know, please?
By PRS-ORG
The access was consolidated
However, the items are not
Okay, thanks
Hello good afternoon, I have a problem to check my documentation.
A verification of the account was requested via email after I requested a withdrawal of 200 reals.
I sent all the documents and now they are asking for a copy of credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual
And many have already expired, and their payments have not even been approved.
I have never had any problems with PRS-ORG, I am unhappy
What do I do?
No, just that.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you give me your name, please?
Good day
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
So I'm running the PRS-ORG with a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, a NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card and 24GB of ram.
My settings are above what the PRS-ORG recommends for playing, but the game is still crashing a lot.
Many people are complaining.
I would like to know if PRS-ORG is aware of the problem and if they already have a solution
I didn't receive any error.
What is happening is that I am in the middle of a game, the screen freezes and then the game starts up again at a very high speed, like it is in PRS-ORG
Furthermore, the PRS-ORG is using about 80% of my video card to run
This is not normal
It's okay
I will check and get back to you
I just wanted it recorded that this is a problem a lot of people are having.
It is not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use 80% of the video card
Thank you
Good morning.
Just that
Thank you
Hug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Well, recently I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I entered the game and was met with an error that my game required internet?
What was strange, if I had the internet
but when I searched, I discovered that I need a key to enter the game
I can't create an account
In this case, I can not create an account within PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask for your name, please?
It is like this, I was recently banned from the transfer market in PRS-ORG just in the web app, and now I'm banned from the market on all platforms for using the trade site
I confess that I used a trading site but it was for a short time
And it wasn't even for my benefit
Yes
But I think I was banned unfairly
Because I had removed the site from my account
Because I actually thought it was unfair to use the website.
And I think that I was banned because recently my account also had suspicious activities
You guys ended up changing the password of my account saving the
Email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-F
I wanted to ask a question, I have all the the PRS-ORG on the PC, if I sign up with PRS-ORG will I be able to link them to PRS-ORG?
or do I need to buy all of them again?
not progress, but expansions
because the PRS-ORG of the pc I spent more or less 5000 reais in all the expansions and extras
it is hard to spend all of that on the console dnv
is there only the base game or the expansions as well?
okay, thank you
NAME-M, that's right, thank you!!
have a good weekend
I have a PRS-ORG that is having problems with its screen: half of it has scratches and I can't read the texts.
I would like to change the screen but I am in Brazil and we do not have PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to repair this screen even if it cost me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandmother's house,
I had tried before the pandemic, I think I'll keep trying to find what I can do for myself.
Anyway thank you very much.
For you, too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
Unfortunately I'm not well, I'm completely unstable emotionally.
I was threatened and the player also psychologically tortured me
Using low words for my family
If I got upset at any point it was because he himself started threatening me and wishing terrible things
Yes.
However it was abusive that the player said to me in the PRS-ORG game chat
The attached photo I sent was the beginning that he reported
I am profoundly shaken and am already going to call my psychologist, he really shook me up a lot
I'm feeling very bad I have a daughter
He wished me and my daughter ill as a father and I love my daughter
I'm feeling totally down I'm not having the strength to get up from the bed because of what he did
nader
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
I am not succeeding
use PRS-ORGpoints
like, you can't open packs with them.
Brazilian Portuguese: it is that I was surprised
why are there youtubers/streamers?
opening packs with PRS-ORG points
type url is opening packs with PRS-ORG points right now
ok
thank you
Data for PRS-ORG, Transferência, Boleto... any option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Hi!
My name is NAME-F
I’m having problems making purchases on the PRS-T1 app
I tried to purchase some PRS-ORG packages several times, without success
Can you help me?
I can't process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill in full name and CPF but it does not generate the order
So I can't pay
The charge is not generated.
So I can't pay.
EMAIL
Portuguese (Brazilian): user PRS-ORG
I DID IT!
Last attempt generated a spam request.
It worked!
Thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG does not load in a part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
Good day.
Pleasure is mine!
Both the version of the system (PRS-ORG) and the game are up to date!
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: He starts and I played until one
Brazilian Portuguese: slightly more than half of episode 8.
However when I try to start from where I stopped within episode 8 it won't load!!
No error appears!!
The game just freezes when I try to load from where I stopped!
The screen goes dark and the game loading indicator icon stops spinning!
Then I need to close the application!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Hello, nice tart.
Then
Yesterday I made an improvement to the mid/ prime icon and it is an error of the game itself I thought it was a player choice
but when I saw it it was a normal package
wanted to know if there is a way to return my players because if it wasn’t for the translation error I wouldn’t have made the pack
ok
but will there be some sort of refund of the players that I spent?
because I spent a lot of players and coins
Just another doubt about this matter
Brazilian Portuguese: a aequipe PRS-ORG entrara em contato pelo jogo
or a social network?
okay
I am waiting, then
thank you for the support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Opa good morning
I am having a problem with the transfer on PRS-ORG
I try to buy players on the sale because I can get them cheaper .
And then seeing him for an extra price but all through the game with no kind of program
And msm like this my transfer window was blocked
I even use PRS-ORG points too.
I try to play the game in the best way possible because I like the game a lot
I'm no longer able to give instructions to the players
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you doing?
I made dme ej the crack of the future
And the 4 options were all tow
Yes
I did the PRS-ORG of the future
Which gives 4 options to choose from.
Only all the options came from the weekly selection
I chose NAME-N
But there should be future cracks options
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
The PRS-ORG game constantly crashes.
I have reinstalled, I have seen other options in several forums.
My PC meets the recommended requirements perfectly
and yet nothing changes this behavior of the game
At this point he is even speaking to my dad who is in the computer field.
I will try and then I will say something
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please provide your name?
I purchased 12000 PRS-ORG points and I did not receive them
Order Number: ALPHANUMERIC
Date of request: Mar 12.
From 2022 13:37:00 BRT
I bought it from the PRS-ORG Companiop app
Companion
You just got in here
I received the PRS-ORG points
Thanks for the help
PRS-ORG#1 to #7
I just looked it up, I didn't rescue the PRS-ORG #4, but the other ones
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M is my name
I would like help as I have been collecting PRS-ORG rewards for months, so when I buy it, I have a few packs
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, only 1 was inside
EMAIL
but I received 1, I just don't know which one
I have print if you want, which shows that it was rescued, but it is not in the gaming
By the PRS-ORG/PC
when I rescued it I wasn't playing because I bought the game yesterday
I would only grab it when I already had some packs
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
So, on 31/05 I bought PRS-ORG coins and didn't receive them, I asked for a refund for PRS-ORG and everything was okay on 02/06, I tried to buy again and didn't receive my items and I couldn't get a refund, I tried to talk to PRS-ORG support and it was denied, I tried to talk to PRS-ORG support and they closed my case and gave it as concluded (nothing was resolved), I tried again to talk to PRS-ORG support and they forwarded me to an advanced team and nothing was done, now I'm trying again to talk to PRS-ORG to solve this, I've been since the 02 without my item and without my money.
Please answer me.
is it not enough that the company offers no support at all the attendants also?
Yes I've had the problem since the beginning of the month.
I'm already inside.
And AGR?
my god in heaven
which takes a while
I already did it fuck you
I hope that fucking shit company tamejm goes bankrupt
I hope you fuck yourselves
Brazilian Portuguese: shit company
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I know your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello.
Hello
Good afternoon.
sorry for the delay
I am experiencing packet loss, only on PRS-ORG
not in any other game.
ok
And how do I solve this?
:(
You've already solved it
thank you very much &lt;3
Just that, thank you very much my friend.
Good morning
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
My PRS-ORGs points that I bought did not go down
I made the payment and it was debited
Brazilian Portuguese: He has not yet fallen in the game
So?
Today
I'm seeing it.
I put to buy the pass
No
I always bought directly via the game store
And always fall at the same time.
You can't wait 24hrs because the pass will be expired.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
I am experiencing an issue with the PRS-ORG app
It's been months since the application goes offline and does not show the list of friends.
And so, I can’t play with my friends online
I tried a few firewall steps
I watched several videos about the error.
but none worked for me
I will try.
I will need to restart my PC to complete the steps
If it works I thank you already.
Until.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I please have your name?
NAME-M
Why can’t you level the teams to the same level as mine?
It seems that I only play with pro players
This is discouraging.
Directly this happens, it seems like it's on purpose
Yes, please.
I am not able to play
I play every day, I am a faithful player.
But it happens straight away, that's not normal.
Opponents with bugged plays, using game glitches
Doing 2 to 3 touches on the ball and score a goal.
High level players, and I am not
No thanks
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide me with your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having a problem with the PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the wheel
Brazilian Portuguese: and if I take my hands off the wheel during the race I won't be able to turn the car with the steering wheel
Brazilian Portuguese: he just goes straight ahead even if he turns to one side
Brazilian Portuguese: already with the command the car turns beautifully
I don't know if it may be confusing because of having the two devices connected (command and steering wheel)
yes
be quick
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello.
NAME-M
I have a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In Brazilian Portuguese: in PRS-ORG I used to play in PRS-ORG and now I am in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account with the PRS-ORG and I logged into my PRS-ORG account, however with the launch of the web app of ALPHANUMERICID I started the game thinking that it would be with my PRS-ORG account and I continued playing, making dme, opening packs and earning coins.
However, when I launched the ALPHANUMERICID preview from PRS-ORG and logged into PRS-ORG, I realized I was playing on PRS-ORG and I no longer had access to that console.
i wanted some help with this
ent all of my progress these days I am not having access
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
NAME-M
I am having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In PRS-ORG, I played in PRS-ORG and I am in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG and logged in my PRS-ORG account, however with the launch of the web app of ALPHANUMERICID I started the game thinking it would be with my PRS-ORG account and continued playing, making dme, opening packs and earning coins.
But with the release of PRS-ORG’s ALPHANUMERICID preview I logged on to PRS-ORG and realized I was playing on PRS-ORG and I no longer have access to that console.
wanted a help about it
ent all of my progress these days i am not getting access
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name please?
Do you prefer in English or Portuguese?
I acquired the PRS-ORG pro.
This is the 3rd consecutive year I play PRS-ORG.
The game doesn’t start.
There seems to be some problem with the PRS-ORG anti cheat
I have already installed the game again 3 times, I have already run it as an administrator
Nothing seems to resolve the issue
Thank you
I have already tried to do the manual installation of the anti cheat and the installation failed
Ok so I'm waiting
Thanks for your time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: hi NAME-M, good evening!
I was making a purchase of PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and the game was coming out for 303 real in the ultimate version
however I was trying to buy and it would not go and it came a time that it started giving an error saying it had a lot of buying attempts
I tried it again now because he asked me to wait a while before buying again
and the price went up to 341
I would even buy it at that price, but I have R$ 305 adding what I have in the pix and the rest in the PRS-ORG wallet
Um, I understand... so you couldn't help me in this case?
then
right
I tried in many ways to buy it and it gave an error
ai I waited for the time
and the price was no longer the same
it was 40 real more expensive.
now I do not have the money to make the purchase
I signed the program of you guys for 20 real and I'm playing at 20 hours
but it's ending
now I can't buy because the price has gone up kkk
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Good afternoon, NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on September 25 through PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I was going to play I had a problem with the PRS-ORG.
I was able to solve the problem, but I have been trying to open the PRS-ORG for almost 24 hours, but it opens in a small black window and then closes shortly after.
How can you help me?
do you know if there is something I can do?
Do you have any forecast of when it will be ready?
I understand.
thank you very much for the PRS-ORG support
I will be waiting for an update in the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I ask for your name please?
Hello NAME-N, how are you?
I am NAME-M.
Exactly, I was playing normally yesterday!
During a game, the game freezed and the game ended... since then I can't find opponents anymore
I have spoken to some of my colleagues and they have said that they have found the opponents no problem
Ok, thank you so much!!!
No adversary was found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears.
Oh yes, thank you very much!!!
It helped a lot, I just did the requested
I’ll try to find an opponent.
The same error appeared
Don't worry, if there's anything else I can do
I appreciate the willingness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
I was trying to solve the PHONENUMBER problem.
I just spoke to NAME-M and even after clearing the cache of PRS-ORG, checking the internet and restarting the computer, the problem persists
When trying to enter the PRS-ORG, the following message appears:
Sorry, but there was an error connecting to the PRS-ORG.
You will be redirected to the main menu of the PRS-ORG.
Just the one that I mentioned above.
And when I manage to get into the game, when I move my roster, this message comes up:
There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
well I wanted to link to get the benefits of PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
i used to have a linked PRS-ORG account
however I recently have another one
Brazilian Portuguese: however I can not connect
because it says that a linked one already exists
only that I have already disconnected more than 6 months ago which is the said deadline
EMAIL
OK, I THINK NOW I’M BIND
but as I had already redeemed
How do I rescue it again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
Please see if, by kindness, Mr. Can help me.
I have an account that I have been using for over 5 years and I have a lot of points and XP.
My girlfriend created this account to present me with the PRS-ORG edition.
I would like to know if it is possible to unify both accounts.
But is there no possibility of unifying the two accounts?
Why should I only use one?
There is this account that I always use
And that account was created yesterday
It would only be necessary to unify the account.
If the PRS-ORG goes to my account everything is fine
Everything okay
The progress of the PRS-ORG that you are referring to?
I do not care.
Is it okay if I start a new game?
I understand.
I appreciate it anyway
Have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Equally
I rent a server on the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG for 29,50 every week, today I went to extend the rental and in the "request and pay" screen it stayed on the "loading" screen and the game crashed, not PRS-ORG.
The value was debited from my account, but the server was not extended.
The server rental fee was not included, it has already expired, can you please help me?
EMAIL
Thank you I'm waiting
Hi sorry, I already talked to PRS-ORG and they told me to talk to you, besides that I'm seeing here that there are online servers
Paid*
Some paid servers are online yes
PRS-ORG doesn't want to be responsible since it says that you received the amount of the purchase and confirmed the same
Remembering that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
Good morning, once again I'm asking you to validate my account.
The return time offered by you is already experienced in 2 days, and I am still waiting for you politely.
However, I have money to withdraw and I am not allowed to play, I would like a little attention and speed in resolving the case.
Sincerely,
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I hope this helps, as lately I have not been able to have this from you, unfortunately.
I hope you're different!
Thank you, NAME-M.
But the deadline has already expired and I would like your attention!
Everything was sent correctly and appropriately.
I understand the safety rules and agree with them, but I'm being harmed in this matter.
Thank you, but I have already received these messages from you this week.
I'm still waiting.
Thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hey good evening, how are you doing?
I am trying to open the PRS-T1 game but it does not start on my computer. It gives me an error:
Double-check your connection, and try again later
but it is connected
and my pc meets all the minimum requirements
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: is test version tied to the pc PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
NAME-M, I am okay.
Thank you. I have PRS-ORG which gives me access to the PRS-ORG library.
Okay?
I play through PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how to play PRS-ORG, since I can't find it in the PRS-ORG catalog.
I access PRS-ORG games via the PRS-ORG website.
But, I can't find ALPHANUMERICID
A friend of mine said that I can play the PRS-ORG pq I have the PRS-ORG.
But, is it only for those who have the console or can I play it via the PRS-ORG browser (PRS-ORG)?
I'll try to simplify: I'm a subscriber of PRS-ORG.
Do I have to have a PRS-ORG console to play PRS-ORG games?
Or can I play using the PRS-ORG, using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Oii NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I am speaking with the PRS-ORG.
It asked me to attach an image to the case, but I think I ended up opening a new one
Hey, so, the problem is already being seen
I think that if I start talking about it again, it will cause confusion.
I'm going to end the chat here.
Not yet, thanks.
Brazilian Portuguese: the conquest PRS-ORG n libera
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG conquest does not liberate
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
For the love of God, release my achievement, I have been playing for 91 hours and the game is bugged
I'm going to cry, sir.
even though I meet the requirements
Brazilian Portuguese: to com 91 hours of gameplay
Brazilian Portuguese: help me please
kkkk
hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, may I ask your name please?
I would like to know if in the new update of the PRS-ORG the problem of running only in safe mode was solved
in PRS-ORG
No.
it was
to solve it I had to install PRS-ORG again
but I want to go back to the PRS-ORG and for that I need to know if the problem was solved with the new update
but was the problem the correct security mode?
I'm asking because I'm going to have to format my PC and I need you to confirm that
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
wagner
I spent a resource in the PRS-ORG but I cannot use it
I spent 20 star moments.
in a token
but there is no way to change
and the game doesn't tell me anything about that
wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you!
I am having difficulty playing The PRS-ORG
I have the 64-bit Metal version for MacOS
The game works super well on the computer, even with the graphics in the maximum definition
However, the game suddenly ends
Without presenting any error or something like that
Simply closes
Look, these are really all the information.
The game during execution only closes without showing anything after that.
The game works well.
He only really closes during the game.
Sometimes it closes 10 minutes after playing, sometimes 1 hour after.
There is no rule
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
Just that today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I am having trouble starting the game.
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile the screen goes black and closes
I can log in, yes
I meant the profile inside the game
EMAIL
I am going to try this method
If it goes wrong, I'll come back here!
But thank you very much so far
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-M
I have a problem connecting to the servers
I am connected to PRS-ORG servers.
It is asking to reset the password and I have already done that.
Brazilian Portuguese: And it does not accept to connect
Brazilian Portuguese: No.
The problem is connecting to PRS-ORG in the game from PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I am very well, and you?
The pleasure is mine.
So my the PRS-ORG updated normally on the 14th if I'm not mistaken, when they released the babies in the game.
The items for those show up there, but in the CAS, that stage doesn't count.
Normally, babies, kids, etc. appear.
That, the life stage itself does not appear.
I tried to reinstall the game, but still the stage on the PRS-ORG does not exist.
As shown in the image.
I understood!
Thanks for clearing that up!
That was it, thanks!
Have a good afternoon.
Thank you, take care NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I ask you for your name please?
NAME-M
can you see my previous chats with other PRS-ORG counsellors?
it helped a lot...
Brazilian Portuguese: correct
NAME-F I tried one where I had to install PRS-ORG
another one was cleaning the cache
the other was to either run or remove it in administrator mode
the other had to do with background applications
NAME-F I have been with this problem for 3/4 days
hello?
You will take it in the ass, I lost because of this shitty server, shame on you, greedy company, buy a better server, bunch of son of a bitch
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Lost match because of the trash server, it takes a long time to execute the commands
Brazilian Portuguese: fucking bitch
If you can’t stand to see a swear word, you are in the wrong industry
and take it in the cú
Brazilian Portuguese: Go and fuck yourself
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please state your name?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot??
I purchased PRS-ORG today and when I went to play it forces me to connect an account, create one or just log on to an existing one
the problem is that I cannot connect and create
I would like to play a lot
NAME-M yes, it's good to know that you're human
Nice to meet you, NAME-M!!!
That.
I can't connect online
as much as the game is ancient, is it possible?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I made the 90+ icon dme those days there I went to look to open on the console and it's not there
Brazilian Portuguese: only shows up in companion app if necessary
I already restarted the console and everything
I went to check it now and it came back
Brazilian Portuguese: it wasn't even restarting, it appeared out of nowhere now, I had already done a case about it
NAME-M I think they solved it
NAME-M, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I need to know if there is already any kind of correction planned for the PRS-ORG mode.
It simply stopped functioning at friendly matches.
It throws an error, when trying to play a friendly, saying that the opponent abandoned the game.
This has been occurring since the 12/05
Brazilian Portuguese: URL
It is possible to see the error in this link.
Detail, this is a world level (since this video is not Brazilian), but it is exactly the same mistake.
And it's happening on every platform
In summary, yes.
PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, just that.
Thank you !
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am doing fine and you?
I can’t do that yet.
However I understood that I have to wait
I would like to know if in the meantime, you cannot help me to open it in Webapp
Brazilian Portuguese: at least already have something to do
Ah, yes
My doubt is
I can only access the Webapp after opening the game at least 1 time
how the game is not opening due to an Anti Cheat error
is there any way to enable me to open the webapp before the game to fix this?
no thanks
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
I have an account on PRS-ORG and I am unable to log in
That's right
It says: "Your credentials are incorrect or have expired.
Try again or reset your password."
When I click Reset Password, I get the following: "Your PRS-ORG account could not be found."
But I am trying to login by the program of PRS-ORG
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Yesterday I bought the Star pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points, but so far it has not been released in my account, but my PRS-ORG points have been credited
I want to know what you are going to do about this
Why can't I be cheated like this?
But I do not want a refund of the PRS-ORG points
I just want the pass released
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having a problem with the draft for a player, I played two games and then I was not able to start the third one.
The following error appears: There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
I would like you to restart my draft manually if possible.
I have been with this error for 3 days already
Is it possible to restart my draft manually?
I think it's the only way to solve my problem.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
good night friend
I have not been playing since early
Brazilian Portuguese: always when a game is over there's an error
I have already called support twice here and they didn’t solve my problem
PRS-ORG servers can't process the request at this time
from that error there
every time the game ends it is as if I had been kicked out of the game and I lose 3-0.
wanted to play
kkk
more blz
you have to take that soft ban off at the token exchange event since the game ends with whoever scores the first goal
Brazilian Portuguese: era so isso mesmo
thank you
send some tokens over for the trouble
of that strength haha
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm having problems, I got in touch earlier today to try and sort it out, they gave me some options and I couldn't sort it out
Brazilian Portuguese: and the situation got worse
I need help.
I am not able to play the PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: 23
Brazilian Portuguese: cf
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: the first mistake
Brazilian Portuguese: it’s the app from PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the application was unable to connect to the servers
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M the normal PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: The PRS-ORG can connect to the servers
but when i try to play a match in any mode of prs-org it disconnects and gets out of the mode
Will NAME-M stay open?
I am on the chat on my PC while I play
Good evening,
I bought a book in the PRS-ORG store and, after starting to read it, I found that it is in PT-BR and not in PT-PT, which is what I intended to buy.
Unfortunately, in your store they do not distinguish, but in the reading it makes a lot of difference.
The book was “Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice” by NAME-F & NAME-F and I want to return or exchange the book for Portuguese from Portugal.
I'm waiting for the contact from you.
Best regards,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
By the way, is there any option that allows you to check if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
The suggestion is then made for your improvement!
Thank you for the help.
Good morning
Hi
I have a question about rollover.
What appears on the withdrawal tab and what I was informed in my email is the casino rollover.
However I caught the sports promotion and only bet on sports so far
Can you see this?
Ah, right
I am asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
If I really did hit the rollover, can I already do it?
Thank you very much.
I'll wait for the e-mail
That's it.
Good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and I have not received the PRS-ORG points
When synchronising your PRS-ORG with your PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and there is nothing there
Minutes
In the other versions it came before
Forgiveness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Thawan
My pleasure.
I don't know if I'm on the right channel but I have a doubt.
I have been playing PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today they launched the futweb app.
When trying to log into futweb it says my account does not have a team in PRS-ORG PRS-ORG, but if my account doesn't have a team then how come I have played PRS-ORG?
Why is it that I can not access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that
Now everything is better explained.
That's all it is, NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the information and help.
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I can’t log in to my PRS-T2 account even after changing the password
EMAIL
I received it, now what?
Brazilian Portuguese: and now?
**
The code is 535067
okay
Reset the password
ok, I'll do it now
it gave the same error
Now it's here.
With the correct username
Thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm having a problem playing my game on my pc, and I haven't been able to solve it for almost a week.
I would like a refund if I can't play
I bought the game and when I try to start, it says my PC has cheats.
Since my pc is new
And I don't use that kind of thing
I want a solution or my money back
Correct
I bought more and can't start my game
Give an error 117
I would like to know if I will be able to play if I don't fix it and how about the refund.
For I paid a high price in the game.
But I don't even have the game's cache because I bought it and I can't start it
I already tried this procedure.
How can I make this not happen?
Brazilian Portuguese: Why have I tried in various ways
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
I can't access my companion app because it requires verification with an email, but the email does not arrive in my inbox.
I already looked in the spam box and nothing
I asked several times to be sent again and it doesn't arrive
The option to check by app is also not working
Even on the PRS-ORG account itself I can't access through the website
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good afternoon.
I logged into my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends, but the game is not available to play.
It shows as if I had to buy again
But I already bought it, in 2015
The value of R$199.00 appears
It's right
Is there nothing I can do except wait?
NAME-M, thank you for the help.
I will try to start from the .exe file and wait for the problem to be solved
There is none other, it was just that one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello NAME-M good evening.
How are you?
My name is NAME-M
You're welcome.
The pleasure is all mine.
So a few years back I was given the SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition as a gift on CD.
The 2 CD edition, currently I'm trying to install it in my new Notebook, but I can't because it's not compatible with PRS-ORG, it doesn't start when I insert the CD.
I tried to add it to my PRS-ORG game library but the code is invalid
I would like to recover it to at least be able to install it through PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, since it no longer has compatibility with the CD
Yes, I still have the original 2 Disks and the license code of the same
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
I can't buy anything on the transfer market in the Web App
The message appears:
An error occurred while attempting to complete the search.
Try again in a few seconds.
No, only when trying to purchase.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
hello
I am having a problem with the PRS-T1
Brazilian Portuguese: the game opens the PRS-ORG, opens the launcher of the PRS-ORG
I click play
Brazilian Portuguese: and nothing happens
literally nothing
I have already contacted them in the past and they instructed me to follow some steps
I did everything but the same result
EMAIL
thank you
Previously a dll error appeared with the code ALPHANUMERICID
I downloaded the dll I needed and put it in place.
Brazilian Portuguese: since then there has been no mistake
however the game never starts either
in case it doesn't solve I will contact you again, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I ask for your name please?
NAME-M
My promotion goals for PRS-ORG did not update in the game
This is preventing me from completing the whole trail and collecting the rewards
The promotion had its rules updated yesterday
The objects did not leave yesterday.
Some friends had the objectives released today at 11h30 Horario Br
And mine didn't update
With this, I can not complete the track
Okay.
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERICID
This is happening.
Why do I not have the goals available
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Hello!
My name is NAME-M, good evening
I need help please
Play PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
I can't stay on LINE for anything.
The qr code appears asking me to reset the password of the PRS-ORG account, even though I do that, it still does not work.
Of course.
EMAIL
I would like to report that I can't download any games from PRS-ORG.
It pauses automatically and gives an error
No.
Via PRS-ORG app and PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
He pauses the download and takes a while to come back.
I would like to know what I need to do to fix this problem.
I want to play PRS-ORG games on my computer
I have already done this procedure and it didn’t work at all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon,
My name is NAME-F
Thank you :)
So, I have 3 dlc cds to the PRS-ORG and the base game, it's quite old and was bought in the USA.
When I tried to install it a few months ago, it didn’t work and said that it needed an update, but I never found this update online.
I thought of looking to buy the game online somewhere but I noticed that the PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore, is there any way to get it somehow?
In this computer I am in now, I do not have a CD reader so I can not start the installation to be able to show the print of what happens :(
But if it is necessary, I can send a photo of the CDs
Wow, but it is still such a sought-after game, how sad :(
Alright, thanks for the answer
Have a good night :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My game won’t open.
I did the step-by-step that the guy sent me
But n doesn't work
Do you want to access my PC through team viewer?
I can't take it anymore, I've tried everything already.
Almost asking for a refund but wanted to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
Brazilian Portuguese: It opens everything black and closes
But my PRS-ORG does not freeze
Only the game that won’t open
Do you want to access through team viewer?
It may be something missing in the PC or that it does not allow it to open
However I have already done many things and it doesn't resolve
hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I am not able to purchase the PRS-ORG
it is giving an error
I'm not able to buy the PRS-ORG
Unable to process your action
Your request could not be processed at this time due to a problem with your indicated payment method.
Use a different payment method to complete your order, or try again later.
hello
I can only pay through pix
I accessed*
Good afternoon, is the platform unstable?
I'm trying to use it and it doesn't open any casino game, it stays black, I access another platform and it works normally.
I'm trying to use the platform and it doesn't open any game.
I have already cleaned data and cash and nothing.
I restarted my phone and it's not working
I never had a problem operating the amulet.
Do you know about any instability in the system?
Only this
Thank you.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello, now very bad, I made the pre-purchase of PRS-ORG, and I only saw now that it was in my wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought it at EMAIL
the one I used on PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG was at EMAIL
I was already using the web app
I was using on PRS-ORG, but bought this time directly on PRS-ORG
that was associated with the PRS-ORG account
I'm really sad.
Brazilian Portuguese: therefore it did not appear
I have been using the (EMAIL) account as my primary account since 2020
i am already using the web app PRS-ORG on it and everything
However, how does the refund appear on the card?
You can cancel then
I do not know if I will have a limit for the time of playing after the refund
very sad
only*
Just that, thanks
Good afternoon
Brazilian Portuguese: Saque
Dear, this is a lack of respect for the customer, I asked for a withdrawal of 1,000 reais before the one of 200 reais, the 200 reais went first than the one of 1,000
I've been talking all morning here and the feature doesn't drop
Since the early morning, which is why I’m stopping playing here, PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay on time.
Sad
I like the website and the platform but, every time we win it is an endless wait.
Pix today is just too fast
I am in a meeting waiting to resolve since this morning.
Waiting to enter this resource that is mine, I lost sleep and invested my money
It's in English, friend.
My God
I don't believe it.
That's why I'm stopping
I will receive and I will talk to the people on the channel about this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help to return a repeat purchase that I made, which has already been charged to my card...
Could you help me?
Yes!
My email is EMAIL
Just one minute while I get the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I'm not mistaken.
The verification number: 635822
I made two purchases and would like to cancel only one if possible... as the game is already being downloaded.
Thank you so much!
That's what I wanted to solve.
Thank you, in advance!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and I’ve been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a campaign at 41% completed, but my wife started playing another game and so as not to get in her way, I decided to install the same game using the same account on the PC, but my save is not showing up, even though I am exactly the same user.
What am I doing wrong?
So even using the same account, I can't take advantage of the save?
Do I need to start completely from scratch?
But we didn't make a save in the cloud?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope that it develops further, because it would be very useful for us players.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I'm writing a text with my case
So, I have played PRS-ORG for a few years but have never played online, I bought PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG and decided to play PRS-ORG, these days I went to try to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and realized that I did not have access and was not aware of the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
I have access to my PRS-TOP account email and password
The account I am talking about is right here, I was able to access it with PRS-ORG
However, I'm afraid of losing it because I don't know the email of the PRS-ORG account
And also because of that, I can not link the account to the PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I updated the app on my PRS-ORG but I can't access my account on PRS-ORG.
Could you help me, please?
EMAIL
I used to use PRS-ORG reads from the livaria cultura bookstore
well.. I'll try again, but it gives an invalid password
Brazilian Portuguese: now it seems that it was.
thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
my name is NAME-M
I have the ultimate version of Bf 2042, my reward from update 3.3 is not in the game
more or less
my reward has disappeared
not
is the reward of the update 3.3
Brazilian Portuguese: the one of March
March 8th to be exact
thanks girl
Is there any forecast?
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: a good night for you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I have a question I played on PRS-ORG now I am considering to buy the game for PC
my question is
and on the 23rd
I would like to know if I am obliged to xpurchase the 23 for the PRS-ORG or if I can purchase it for the pc
I keep my stuff from PRS-ORG
okay thanks
I wait.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Can I play with my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
It is not that
I wish to use the PRS-ORG account I have with PRS-ORG
On another device via PRS-ORG
ok but please answer the previous question
okay, asshole clown
sorry
I was mistaken.
I don't need anything else, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Hello, I just got in touch.
Then I went to the PRS-ORG and they sent me back again
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yes
if you want I will repeat the messages
Hello, I just got in touch.
So I went to PRS-ORG and they told me to come back again
I just want to reorder the item that was cancelled without even trying to charge my nubank card
And I'm just trying to get this sorted out, because for some reason, as soon as I tried to buy it again, the store's charge went from 149 to 166 reais... at the same time!
I want to keep the price and pay, either by pix, by card, as you prefer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First of all, may I know your name please?
NAME-F
Is everything ALPHANUMERIC?
I am performing the new update of PRS-ORG on my PC
However, she finishes, the update finishes and immediately after it appears to update again
Before starting the chat, I attached 03 prints of my screen, I don't know if you can view
That is correct.
Even after accomplishing it, it asks again and doesn't open the game.
I have uninstalled and reinstalled the game, but to no avail.
Okay, I appreciate your help.
How do I do this cleaning?
I'm already doing it, one minute
It worked!!!
Thank you so much!!
I didn't know how to clean the cache in the app.
:NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
I want a phone number to call and talk to someone
What they do in my account has no explanation
Game after game playing against the handicap
and the PRS-ORG's disgusting script
This is unacceptable, completely unacceptable.
that number is working,
Says they are not available
They had already given me this number and it never works
Can you solve this?
Brazilian Portuguese: it is absurd
It's disgusting to play this game right now, it's just impossible
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name, please?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yes, look.
I have reached the club creation limit on PRS-ORG and I was wondering if you could give me more attempts to delete my club.
I spoke to an advisor before.
My account I use to play is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much
That was the problem.
Thank you very much
I bought the books Alicerce do Paraíso, downloaded the app, opened the book on Sunday, this morning I entered the app but it wouldn't open the book content, I updated the app and now it says my email wasn't found.
I request the immediate regularization or return of my payment.
Please return to me in this email
EMAIL
Purchase 07.03 and 4 Paradise Foundation books
Thank you NAME-M, pra vc tbem
I was talking to NAME-M and it crashed
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please introduce yourself by your name?
NAME-M
I am from PRS-ORG and I can't access PRS-ORG
Every time at this same hour the servers for PRS-ORG are offline
End of PRS-ORG and the servers cannot support users, you must urgently place another server in Brazil.
I am not able to log into PRS-ORG
It is reported that the server is with a high volume of people
Regrettable
I as a consumer, get frustrated and hold back from playing the PRS-ORG.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, may I ask your name please?
Olá. I was talking to one of the attendants, and I lost the connection.
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to request a refund of the PRS-ORG expansion
My email is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it because I needed the money to pay for other things
Hello?
Yes
I do have
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First of all, could you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My expansions that I purchased are not working
Some unlocked items have disappeared
EMAIL
Target detector
Weapon unlocked.
Really disappointing
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Don't you have it?
The purchases made by the user?
Do I have to prove that I bought it?
If I have played already
What images do I send?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
The ALPHANUMERICID save game is not working
I did the whole procedure forwarded by you yesterday and the error still persists
every time I open the game it's like it's the first time
Yes, but it also loses the configuration of the control
Brazilian Portuguese: the choice of the club
everything
Brazilian Portuguese: even progress
and stopped at the end of December trying everything to fix this problem but without success
I formatted the PC and installed it from scratch and it did not solve the problem
I checked in the forums and it seems to be a problem that is affecting many people
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
Hello, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password.
EMAIL
I can see how much time you can put it off.
May I know if his parents are dead?
Your mother is a bitch and gave birth to something like you
you should go to ukraine to get the russian bomb, fuck your mother
vile talk
I asked if her mother had died and how she gave birth to something like you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account, the site crashes and I can't.
Brazilian Portuguese: how to solve that
Yes, every time I try the site it gives me an error and I can't access it
I press the button to connect to the PRS-ORG account, and when I am redirected to the site, it says that an error has occurred and that they were unable to complete my request
still there
NAME-N
this is the gamertag of the account I want to access
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I ask your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
I am having problems.
I purchased Aston Martin Pack (PRS-ORG)
and the product does not appear to use in the app
in the game
September 15, 2022
when I log on to the package as if I was buying again, it says that the package is already yours
I cannot use it anymore
ok
I'm going to try these tips.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello, how are you?
I would like help with the dme of PRS-ORG
I started to make the dme but he asks for cards that are out of packs and extinguished in the market
I already did 13 parts of dme and now I can't do the rest
I do not think it is fair to the players to keep a car so expensive that it is impossible to do
I would like to receive the players back or receive the missing ones, in the case of capitaes of PRS-ORG
Casting Assembly Challenge
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Hi!
my name is NAME-M
The pleasure is all mine!
So, my problem is that I am not able to buy my PRS-ORG points
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the wallet from PRS-ORG
but I press to buy in the game and the purchase simply does not happen
my money doesn't leave the PRS-ORG and neither do the PRS-ORG points show up
How did we manage to resolve this?
No error message appears, it just asks me to wait and nothing else happens
just comes back to the store with no PRS-ORG points and with the money in the PRS-ORG wallet
right, thanks a lot!
I'll try and if it doesn't work I'll come back here again
No, just that!
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you give me your name, please?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my PRS-ORG mobile account
How could it be reversed?
It's kind of sad.
Is it yours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Good morning
My name is NAME-M
I am having problems starting the PRS-ORG
my problem is that when I start PRS-T1, my screen freezes and I can't do anything else
i have to restart the pc
I try again and it's the same, I've uninstalled and installed the game again and nothing...
When I enter the PRS-ORG App and try to start the game my PC freezes
and I have to restart the pc by the button
I don't see any error
Brazilian Portuguese: only my screen freezes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I ask for your name please?
NAME-M
They hacked my account, sold my players and coins
I just want my pf coins
Brazilian Portuguese: I have already changed my password and activated the two-step verification code, I just want my coins
Someone else has helped me change my password and turn on 2-Step Verification
I just want the coins
I just want my coins/tokens back
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
I can't play my solo Draft.
I make mistakes every day.
What is happening?
Several complaints from other users
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
EMAIL
Yes
my name is NAME-M
So, I play PRS-ORG on the PC and the game no longer opens here
Brazilian Portuguese: dps of the update this morning
Brazilian Portuguese: the game stopped opening
It doesn’t work at all.
I'm being harmed in the event of the totys, PRS-ORG needs to take action regarding this
The game does not open, I have been trying to get into the game since 13h.
Until the early morning everything was fine, functioning normally
And as for me not being able to play the game, farm packs, etc. This is harming me in the event
and I am not the only one going through this, a lot of people playing on PC are going through the same situation
Yes, before this anti-cheat problem I solved just reinstalling the anti-cheat
Brazilian Portuguese: but from now on, it’s not solved anymore
I tried everything, and the game won't open
Brazilian Portuguese: it always gives the same error
that's okay, thank you very much
Good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
I would like to report a mistake.
I was playing PRS-ORG last night and joined a PRS-ORG draft game
I won the game and it didn't count as a win
I would like to know if there is any kind of compensation/refund that is possible to do.
Ok, thanks
After that I played another game which I lost
And also did not count as a defeat
So, I think that tejha is really a bug
How come?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
I am indeed obliged, I have a discount code for the game
which I won when I answered a survey
but I can't redeem this code
which gave me a R$29,00 discount
this research was done within the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and the search appeared
I answered everything and at the end I got this code.
When I was finishing the purchase it gave an error and I couldn’t finish
with this I can't use the code
This is the code I won ALPHANUMERICID
that's the order number that caused the error PHONENUMBER
I was given this code last week
I placed the order that gave an error on 19/01
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M
My name is Chamo*
So, today I was doing dme pp of dme of icon on PRS-ORG and ended up choosing the wrong letter by mistake.
I wanted to know if you could help me.
Veio um blanc 89 is a kaka 89 was supposed to get the kaka and I ended up getting the blanc
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG player pick de icon
Correct
Putz… It’s okay.
Not just that msm
Thank you
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
opa
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm having trouble connecting with my PRS-ORG account on the PRS-ORG app via PC, and when I finally get in, it doesn't load my games, I can't open PRS-ORG
thank you, hope you are fine as well!
Yes, I can't connect
ok ok, thanks a lot and good job!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
My name is Indian Nauseating
I can't take this game anymore
Where are you?
Answer, asshole
How do you manage to be so incompetent you can't type a fucking script message in under 5 minutes?
Is basic education in India really so bad?
You're going to take a bath in the Ganges damn it
Casino
Any answer please
I lost my real money I'm playing with bonus but it only lets me bet up to 25
Good afternoon the betting limit is only up to 25 with the bonus it can't increase
See the msg I sent
I played with a bonus and you let me bet up to 25
Why is that
And how much money do I need to bet in order to withdraw it?
Okay
Any answer
You don't solve anything
How much is left that I bet p
Release my withdrawal
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
PRS-ORG availability
It doesn't let me download the game by making it unavailable to purchase.
Platform PRS-ORG
In PRS-ORG plus
I'm trying to buy the game
You are saying that I do not have an account in PRS-ORG when I do
It's giving "unavailable"
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
Devender, I was in the match earlier, the match crashed and after that I can't get into utimate team
It seems that there was an error and it will return to the main menu
Image is in the attached file.
Please save me kkkk
Wow, is it possible to fix it?
How nice !!
Do you think I will be able to play again today?
Is there a forecast?
To go back
It would just be that
So, beauty
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
opa
My granddaughter had crashed
when I go to manage my account it asks for an email, when I go to see that email it doesn't exist, I never put an email that starts with e
then I can not confirm the email and modify my account
It's more or less like that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I had already opened a call regarding the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the non-delivery of the material.
I made the prints you requested and I would like to know where to send them?
I have already attached TB here...
I bought at the mall inside the PRS-ORG
As the image above shows, there is a debit in my PRS-ORG account.
When it comes to selling the game, it's easy to solve...
The time to solve your problems...
It is one playing for the other.
How can I get in touch?
How to contact the PRS-ORG maintainer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First, can you please indicate your name for me?
Brazilian Portuguese: good day NAME-N
I am 5 days without access to the game PRS-ORG
NAME-N stays in the screen (connecting to the service)
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: ALPHANUMERICID
error connecting to server
which
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F is an internet technician and everything is normal here
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG, I uninstalled and reinstalled NAME-F, my PC and nothing helped
NAME-F I tried this step by step
if necessary, you can delete my progress in the game saved to start again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening my name is NAME-M
I'm fine, yes
Look, I'm having a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an e-mail that I do not have access to anymore.
I can log into the PRS-ORG site with that account.
But I would like to have an account with companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I ask you to introduce yourself please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, how about you?
Thank you.
So, my contact is because of a difficulty I have.
I have two consoles that share the same PRS-ORG account, but I would like to unlink one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Can I create a new account for the PRS-ORG account after it is unlinked from the console?
My gamertag on PRS-ORG is NAME-N
So you no longer have any ties with the PRS-ORG?
Thanks NAME-M, you helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
Good evening, NAME-M
I am unable to stay online on my PRS-ORG 18 in PRS-ORG
The following message appears: “We’re sorry, but at the moment the PRS-ORG servers are inoperative.
We are working to fix this issue.
Try again later.”
this has been going on for many days
I mean, months
It’s impossible to believe this.
It has been months already.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I know your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
thanks, I'm fine, I linked my facebook account and I didn't receive the token in the game
and there's only 2 hours left to get this token
actually it was on youtube
I wrote wrong.
I linked it via you tube and I didn't receive the token
EMAIL
the game account is the same as the youtube one
okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and still can't play
After the opening screen, which says "press any button" I press and it freezes
Brazilian Portuguese: freezes and doesn't come out
I keep trying to fix the game and try again but it won't work
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my name
I made the DME of icon choice on 1/25/2019, but I received a unique pack of icon
In PRS-ORG I saw that some are already receiving the correct package and I would like information.
My email is EMAIL
Can you confirm?
Will they receive what?
The Player Pic?
What is the PRS-ORG page that I can follow?
There is nothing on the page
Just many complaints for the same reason
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm fine thank God and with you, NAME-N?
My game won't load, and an error message keeps popping up.
I have already uninstalled and installed it twice.
Brazilian Portuguese: And it continues to persist
Unknown error, an unexpected error has occurred.
Try again
This message appears in the login screen.
Okay.
Everything is alright
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning
I would like to attempt to recover an old PRS-Togo account
which I no longer have access to the e-mail
I had the following email: EMAIL
But some time ago I changed that domain to EMAIL
And everything that was linked to it started not reaching the new domain.
One replaced the other
The registered email address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm having trouble entering the game
I can even connect on the PRS-ORG site but I can't connect to the game
Says that my email is invalid
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please provide me with your name?
Good day 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing alone in the middle of the games, I have already deleted the game and installed it again but the problem continues.
I am not able to play PRS-ORG.
I’ve already lost about 5 matches in PRS-ORG with this problem.
Nothing appears on the screen and the game simply closes
Sometimes the game freezes and shuts down on its own, sometimes it just shuts down
I have already deleted the game and installed it again, I have restarted my PRS-ORG, you will be x factory because I thought it was the video game, but it’s only the PRS-ORG that is closing this way.
Especially but PRS-ORG matches, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Opa
So, I want to know how to uninstall my packages
Then
But it's not possible to have the PRS-ORG any more
Only PRS-ORG app
I only have the PRS-ORG APP
I can't access the book I bought on 1/21.
I have already created the account, but I am unable to complete the process, the system does not accept the passwords entered.
I kindly ask for guidance on how to cancel because I couldn't do it through the site either.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 14/01/2021
The divine code of life
Please the refund
Please
How can I do it without using the website?
I paid with a credit card.
If I do not receive the email, how should I proceed?
Do you have an email that I can report to?
Okay, I'm waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
They just invaded my account, I got in touch with you I was robbed I lost my team my coins and even the PRS-ORG sent a message saying that I'm distributing coins they can only be joking with me
Not at all, if I distribute coins I would block all the accounts that bought from my account?
At least everything that was listed tonight.
How would I know that?
Yes
Currencies
Players
I played 1 match from rivals near 7 PM
Ok
Tomorrow I'll get in touch
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good day
NAME-N is my name
on the 2nd I requested a refund of the PRS-ORG but it was not updated nor did an email arrive confirming it
nothing of that sort
that is the request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any feedback?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My  PRS-ORG App is not updating at the speed that the internet provides
Brazilian Portuguese: is much lower than normal
in this case the problem is to update the game via the app
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, may I have your name please?
My PRS-ORG prime gamer package I can't receive
My name is NAME-M
About primegamer's ultimete package
Every month, one is available for linked accounts.
This month I didn't receive
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND I CAN’T #PRS_ORG# ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
THE NEUROSCIENCE OF HAPPINESS
I have NEVER purchased, it was my first e-book
MY FIRST
PURCHASE
ZIP code?
WHAT POSTAL CODE?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: CEP #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
REGION OUN IN WHICH APPLIANCE?
#PRS_ORG#
I AM NOT SURE OF THE EMAIL.
WHICH I USED IN THE #PRS_ORG# ACCOUNT..
I was able to access the account #PRS_ORG#
however, in the right corner, after clicking on login I didn’t find the link of #PRS_ORG#
I can't locate the book I bought.
Hello #NAME#
was talking to his colleague
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: around the 05/01
it was the only purchase, I made it through #PRS_ORG#.
A msg appears saying that the book has been integrated into #PRS_ORG#
then I went to access this app and there is nothing there
vc que sabe.
The person said she would send a book to my account and I was supposed to tell her which book
ok
how do I do it
I bought the e-book #PRS_ORG# on the site of #PRS_ORG# that acknowledges the payment on 28/12/20 but it was not made available in my account of #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
The purchase was made on 12/28.
Before that, the last book I bought was O Reacionário by #NAME#
28/12/#NUMBER#, but the book was not added to my library.
Of course.
#PRS_ORG#
Correct.
In my reader or on my computer, I didn't understand the question.
Yes, wait a bit.
OK, I am sending an attachment.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I'll check it out.
Okay!
I have received it, thank you very much.
No, it's okay.
Yes, I will.
I am not able to open my book.
#EMAIL#
Jesus the inspiration of luminous relationships.
It's in the ebook, but when he clicked it, it doesn't open and there's an error.
That
It doesn't stop rotating, it closes and then behind it there's orange.
No.
#PRS_ORG#
No.
I don't have
Sorry is another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I no longer see him.
And now?
Not showing up
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I did.
Yes
It is downloading
It is done, thank you.
Not thank you for having solved the problem
Good morning, I am constantly having problems accessing my account in #PRS_ORG#!
I type in the user and password correctly but the following message appears: "We did not find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you typed it correctly."
ok
#EMAIL#
I think it was book #PRS_ORG#
This
ok, I'm waiting
In the #PRS_ORG# software, installed on my desktop (notebook), I log in with my login and password and the message appears: “We did not find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you typed correctly."
The login and password I once used and managed to access the account!
And so, which procedure should we adopt to correct the problem?
Yesterday night I accessed directly via #PRS_ORG# and I was able to access, today I tried to access and I can’t!
I accessed via #PRS_ORG# yesterday and today I can’t!
What's going on?
Brazilian Portuguese: an instant I'll try
okay, I did it
thank you
Calm down, everything is ok!
Thank you.
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
EXMOS.
SRS.,
I’VE NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS WHEN BUYING A BOOK.
BUT NOW I HAVE CHANGED THE PREPAID-E VISA CARD AND MADE A MISTAKE.
What could it be?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...FROM #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE: "Oops, an error occurred!
REVIEW YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE INFORMATION IS CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE FROM #PRS_ORG# AND IT WENT WELL
YES IT IS ACTIVE AND HAS A BALANCE
I AM IN #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I OPENED THE ANONYMOUS WINDOW AND CONTINUE LIKE THIS.
HE SAYS HE MADE A MISTAKE.
OK
Hello, I bought five books in #PRS_ORG#, but three of them do not appear in the account.
They already tried to help me, but since it wasn't possible, they asked me to come to you.
#EMAIL#
I made the purchase on January 20
But by #PRS_ORG#
It wasn't done directly through the #PRS_ORG# app.
I am doing it.
They still do not show up
I left
And now?
Hello
I am
VOu will login
I signed up with my Cultura account
The missing books did not appear
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
OK
It didn't solve it
Yes
Even the people at the Bookstore accessed my account and tried to make the manual inclusion of books, but still couldn't do it.
Ok
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER# request #PHONENUMBER#-01
- The Mystery of #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
These are the ones who did not enter.
It worked!
They are already showing up here.
Brazilian Portuguese: It does appear
Thank you so much
Hello
I don't need anything else, thank you.
Hello, good afternoon.
The computer no longer recognizes my #PRS_ORG#.
We tested on three different computers, also different cables.
What could it be?
Thanks.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember..
Can you help me without that date?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Ah, I didn't understand.
It started about a month ago, more or less.
Mine is the #PRS_ORG#
Imagine.
Yes it is, it is charging normally when connected to the cable
That.
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I didn't understand.
Should I keep trying with the cable?
I've even done the reset and it still won't
Is there any assistance I can go to?
But is it common for this to happen?
Cause I’ve already tried all the cables here at home and nothing worked
I've also done the reset and nothing.
Do you have any phone I can speak to?
Or some technical assistance?
Just online?
But it is that those instructions did not work anymore... I would like someone to see my e-reader.
I’ll keep trying, but it does not seem to me that it will work “from nothing” again.
Okay.
Thank you then.
I'm going to see what I can do and anything I'll get back in touch...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
There was a problem and it's not possible to load this page at the moment.
Please try again later.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
Something went wrong and we’re unable to load this page at the moment.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: first purchase attempt yesterday and today
in the #PRS_ORG# app in android 9, in #PRS_ORG# in android 9
I also tried it in chrome on #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: no
Transaction in progress...
he spends a long time in this message
Brazilian Portuguese: and then gives the error
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: it is taking too long too
I bought a 10€ card
I scratched the card pin
okay I already edited it
I'll try to buy it.
Brazilian Portuguese: ok it worked
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
already checked out
Thank you.
goodbye
it's just you
Good afternoon
I was talking to another customer service rep and he disconnected the chat
#EMAIL#
I bought the book "coisas de Gabriel" in the bookstore #PRS_ORG# on 14/01
But it doesn't appear here in #PRS_ORG#
Ok.
I am waiting
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
I am finding it strange because I bought 2 books in the same order.
A ebook and a physical one.
And they only sent me the NF of the physical, along with the physical book.
I went on the culture website and the ebook is there in the order
And on the cultuta website the option to get the NF does not appear
I used a gift card and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
That's the email I received from them.
Tomorrow I will get in touch with them then
Thank you!
That was it.
Have a great day too
Hello!
I need help to start reading on the #PRS_ORG# reader.
I have already synchronized, I have already bought the first book (approved card) and I still can't open the book.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Today, a few minutes ago
One moment
#NAME#
I can see the book, but when I click on it, a message appears that tells me to synchronize.
I have done it several times.
Aparec synchronized ok
Then asks to contact support
What do you do?
Okay.
Done.
Now I start again
I need help with a purchased ebook that is not showing in my account
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon
I bought an e-book yesterday from the #PRS_ORG# website
#EMAIL#
settling of accounts by #NAME#
The suppliers... bought yesterday on the site of #PRS_ORG#
in my e-reader, on my cell phone
I am with my obo account open on my smartphone still resyncing and it doesn't appear
I am going to open the ereader
I am repairing.
right
The book appeared.
thank you
it was just that
good afternoon
Good afternoon,
I tried to order 2 ebooks but when I proceed to process the payment (after entering the card number) it stays processing and doesn't go any further..
#EMAIL#
I have not made any purchase yet.
I am trying to make a purchase but when I go to process the payment (after entering my card number) it gets stuck in processing and doesn’t move forward.
Brazilian Portuguese: website and application
I have already tried both.
It does not have any special character
I just try to process the payment and the page doesn't move on.. Stuck processing
Yes.. the same thing happens
Yes
I am doing it anyway.
Brazilian Portuguese: One minute please
At this time, try creating a new account with a new email
And moved on to the "review" step
but when I press the "complete purchase" button nothing happens
yes
I’ve already managed to get through this stage.
You have accepted the payment method but did not complete the purchase
Brazilian Portuguese: has no error message
When I press the "complete purchase" button, nothing happens
Yes
I have no #PRS_ORG#
but the website has already accepted the payment
only doesn't move forward in the last step
I managed to do it
I bought ebooks and now they don't open
#EMAIL#
I do not remember, but it was in #NUMBER#
Books are the cornerstone of paradise and the new times.
Not when I try to go back to the main menu
Smartphone
I believe so
Play store
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Sure
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I have done this procedure several times.
Since February 3rd, I have not been able to complete the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# website.
When I click to complete the purchase I get the following: Ops, an error occurred!
Review your payment information and try again.
I have tried several times, but in vain.
#EMAIL#
The last book I purchased was on February 2, Seasons of Callan Read
thank you
Okay.
I just wanted to apologize, the correct name of the book that I mentioned above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I make the purchase on the #PRS_ORG# internet page
I've already signed in
Sorry, but I don't know how to exit Incognito mode...
ok, I already managed to open an anonymous window, thanks
So, now I click on logout?
Okay, I'll try then
I still can't complete the purchase...
Oops, an error occurred!
Review your payment information and try again.
ok
I continue to not be able to...
ok
Ok.
I am still waiting for the page to load
Brazilian Portuguese: It continues without giving...
okay
It doesn't work either.
I usually use #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you for your help.
I'll be waiting then
Thank you and likewise!
Good afternoon,
I bought an ebook through the wrong account, I would like to know if I can transfer it to the correct account, or get a refund of the amount paid for the book.
Thank you very much,
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (logged in through #PRS_ORG#), the correct account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted to do was transfer the ebook to the email #EMAIL# because this is the one I use and the one that I have associated with my ereader
Okay
So what do I have to do?
An error occurred while processing your request.
request
Brazilian Portuguese: On the site, via my computer
It says that no account was found with this email
I tried using my email associated with the account #PRS_ORG# and the email #PRS_ORG# created for me
It is not possible to associate the two accounts, since they belong to the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Answer
I've already done it.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you
It is done!
Thank you very much.
The problem continues.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
It must be over 5 months old
It must be older than 5 months
I don't remember...
Problem still exists
#EMAIL#
In Italian?
Is this for real?
The best...
Rsrs
I can not open one of my books by # PRS_ORG #, foundation of the paradise volume 2
I have already been served by this channel, but unfortunately the guidance had no effect
I was advised as follows:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
In the home screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap the three horizontal bars on the top left.
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
Tap Help & Feedback at the bottom of the menu.
Brazilian Portuguese: 3
Tap on Repair your account.
Brazilian Portuguese: 4
Tap on Repair.
I did, but nothing... before just one book.
Now I am not able to open any book
Yes
Paradise Foundation volume 2
After I leave #PRS_ORG#, this home screen that you are referring to is from the mobile phone browser, right?
#PRS_ORG#
That
Okay
Okay.
I will do that.
Good morning,
I can not access a book that I purchased some time ago (GTD).
Can they help me?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: GTD Fazer acontecer
I was mistaken #PRS_ORG# to do the right thing
I couldn’t access it.
I see the book and I see that it has a 34% reading but I can't open it
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I'm on a PC.
I don't see this option
I don't have to repair.
so disable
is resolved
Thank you
That's all.
thank you
Hello,
I am trying to download my purchased books from my account #PRS_ORG# to transfer to my #PRS_ORG# device.
I followed the steps of the website, but I can't export the book to the EPUB version that allows me to transfer it to #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do it?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
clear
I'll check.
the title was
In the hour of the decision
I bought it using my smartphone
I already know how to do that
The file appears on my computer but I can't install it on #PRS_ORG#
yes
I am.
I did not receive an error msg
The file format is not supported by #PRS_ORG#.
but should, according to #PRS_ORG#'s website
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device
another brand
I can open in #PRS_ORG#
What the #PRS_ORG# website says is that starting from #PRS_ORG# I can convert to EPUB format
do you know if there is another way to do it?
Having
thank you
I bought a book and it's not available to me.
neither in "my books" on my login
#EMAIL#
09/02/21
yellow dog
Brazilian Portuguese: de #NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
they are the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: o pgto was confirmed by them
Brazilian Portuguese: the same
I am arranging, wait
I tried to send in .
Brazilian Portuguese: doc but is not accepted.
Brazilian Portuguese: how can I send it?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Serves?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I am accessing.
wait
I tried to download a free book, "reason to kill", and had to go through the entire purchasing procedure.
Brazilian Portuguese: he is also not available
I did yesterday before yesterday
the problem is repeated
Brazilian Portuguese: says I have it but it's not available
it worked.
I forgot to synchronize.
thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: we can close the chat
okay.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
how much time for delivery??
#EMAIL#
that is what you think
is it possible to cancel
how??
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: it takes a lot of time to deliver
Brazilian Portuguese: it is possible to make faster delivery
Brazilian Portuguese: I need it urgently.
Can you cancel it?
I understand.
Brazilian Portuguese: you can cancel
thank you
Thank you, I don't need to do anything else.
thanks
I can't view a title that I purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
The challenging sale
ok
The challenging sale
desktop
I'll do it.
It appeared.
thank you so much !!
Just that
thank you very much
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and when reading a book I tried to use the dictionary function and it tells me no definition was found.
I have tried it in 3 Portuguese books and one English book.
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries and it still doesn't work
#EMAIL#
Outlandar the dragonfly trapped in the amber purchased today 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes
It's done.
Asks to synchronize.
Syncing?
Just on this device
Ok asked for an update
Should I update now?
I have already updated.
Already working
Thank you very much
I bought an ebook but it is not on my list of ebooks
my email is #NAME#
I do not have one so far.
I can already see...
On the #PRS_ORG# computer
On the cell phone, I don't know.
Sorry, but it is the first time that I buy one and boo
ebook
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
Is it alright?
Ready
yes, I have already entered
I went into my books
Brazilian Portuguese: And it appears.
I clicked on the same one
I clicked twice on the cover and a page with the summary and now?
It's not working on my computer, I'll try it on my cellphone. Sorry for the inconvenience.
I'll try and if I can't I'll bother you again, thanks for now
Equally!!!
Good day, is it possible to buy newspapers in the store of #PRS_ORG#?
Hello #NAME#, can you read my subscription from #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
I haven't bought any books yet.
I would like to use my #PRS_ORG# subscription
It doesn't hurt
Could you answer my question?
Sorry did you read my question?
I didn't mention books
I saw that #PRS_ORG# has a section of News and Mags but I don't know how to access this section
Thank you
Yes, I could give feedback as I bought it specifically for this purpose
Good afternoon,
I am having trouble setting up my #PRS_ORG#.
I have tried several times and it doesn’t leave the same initial message
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Hello.
thank you
#PRS_ORG#
no, the screen does not exit this message (in the attachment), despite the pc application saying that synchronization is complete
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I can't connect #PRS_ORG# to wifi either
no, it was offered to me by someone who no longer wanted it
for sure, thank you
yes, I have already downloaded the application
done
Nothing happened, it just stayed on the screen that I had sent the photo.
what says "download the #PRS_ORG# desktop"
yes
made
I'll try with another cable
It worked!
that was the problem
no, thank you very much!
Good afternoon.
I'm back in touch
I bought an e-book yesterday and I can't access it
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent the copy of the invoice
I need a return
I do not want a refund
I want the book.
What is it?
I'm trying in #PRS_ORG#
Sorry for the ignorance
By telephone
They say it doesn't exist.
Look, I'm tired of this push and pull game, I call there, they say to talk to you guys, I talk here, they say it's there
First and last purchase
I want a solution
I don't want a refund
Good morning, I want to buy the ebook but I can’t log into #PRS_ORG# using the same password as #PRS_ORG#.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must be more than a year now
Portuguese, Brazilian: hello
Brazilian Portuguese: a moment
I'm consulting
Brazilian Portuguese: See The Rise of the Third Reich
okay
then
yes, by choosing #PRS_ORG#, you do not accept the same password as #PRS_ORG#
Do you understand?
I can't contact them
Brazilian Portuguese: they do not answer the contact phone
I haven't found a chat like this one.
difficult
yes
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: That's better.
do I wait for an email?
combined, thank you
thank you
Good evening, I no longer have access to the book I was reading (purchased in #PRS_ORG#).
I think it was while I was making a connection with the pc.
I was only at 10% of the reading.
How can I solve this?
I think that is the #EMAIL#
otherwise, it may be #EMAIL#
Thank you
On #PRS_ORG#, I had access to the book and now, when I click, it says that it is not possible to access it.
thank you I am trying it out
I am restarting
already fixed!
If I want to share a book with my mother (as I would with a physical book) could I do so?
Yeah, I know, I was asking, for comparison.
I mean, I would like my mother to be able to read a book that I bought on the #PRS_ORG# is there a way?
or would you like me to lend you my personal #PRS_ORG#?
that is, can I use my account on 2 #PRS_ORG#  at the same time?
Perfect, thank you so much :)
Equally!
Thank you for your help!
I bought the ebook: UNLOCKING OUR HOME, on 22/02/#NUMBER#, and it has not appeared on #PRS_ORG# to this day, so that I can read it.
I bought it from #PRS_ORG#, it shows shipped to #PRS_ORG#.
I spoke to them on the phone and they stated that it is up to you to resolve the problem.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Date of last purchase on 22/02/#NUMBER#.
Ebook title: UNCOVERING OUR HOME.
I will take it now in my email, it is just a moment.
How can I send it to you?
Will only her number do?
It is in PDF.
I'll try the screenshot.
but send me the email.
Right.
I'll send it, it's just a moment.
I sent the invoice via email.
It is in PDF.
Okay.
Thank you, for your attention!
Okay.
Correct.
I will do this now in the #PRS_ORG# app on my cell phone.
It has now appeared.
Thank you very much!
Will I have the same problem on the next purchase?
Good evening, and thank you so much!!
I have now returned.
Since the network has gone down, I don't know if you are online
Portuguese: hello #NAME#, I'm returning.
my email is #EMAIL#
I looked up this email in the #PRS_ORG# and only the book Dom Casmurro appeared.
How can I access the others in #PRS_ORG#?
I prefer your suggestion, because the #EMAIL# is the login email in #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
But where do I find e-books to synchronize?
Great!
Thank you
I synchronized, but no books were added to My Books yet
yes, it is
Hallelujah!!!
It worked.
Thank you very much #NAME#
Thank you.
Everything is alright.
Health and luck!
Hug
Questions with book purchase and invoicing
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: I have not used it yet
Can you read on different devices when making a purchase?
computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
And the billing can be with data from my company?
ok
then I will check in the account
Where do I put the company details and VAT number?
I say the company details to get the invoice'
I'm not finding it
only account
by the way, accounts
I can't see my account
I cannot view the e-book "ifrs, contabilidade criativa e fraudes" by the author #NAME#, which I have paid for since February 18, 2021 via bank slip
#EMAIL#
IFRS, creative accounting and fraud
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I do
I am.
I have already noticed.
Great, it's already in my account.
Thank you very much
Service note 10
It was just this, thank you very much 😁
Also, I will indeed evaluate you by the great customer service
I did not receive the ebook that I purchased.
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#, registered, and I can’t access it.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR, purchased on 22/02/#NUMBER#
It was in that email there that I made the purchase and my registration in #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
No.
I'm waiting with the email open.
I sent the email with the code you sent me.
I tried to link it and it didn't work.
I followed these steps there, and it did not work.
I want to know exactly what the problem is.
In the time I am in options and click on #PRS_ORG# the link this account does not appear.
I'll try.
Hello, are #NAME# plans for gyms?
Hi, are #PRS_ORG# plans for gyms?
not for companies, but individual plans that a physical person can hire to attend gyms.
how do these different plans work?
#NAME#
Thank you for informing me of the values!
And I am looking for a plan that allows me to attend physical gyms 24h, for example, amc and not online classes.
Brazilian Portuguese: hi, I am here
Thank you for the information
Have a good week.
Good morning.
Yesterday I scheduled a class but the attempt failed.
When he arrived at the studio it was closed.
I would like to get my credit back and not be charged any additional amount.
Thank you
Correct!
Thanks #NAME#.
Hello!
After a while without reading through the app, I logged in and my ebooks disappeared.
They were #NAME#'s books.
My other question is whether I can download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them out.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No merit, #NAME#.
Hello, thank you.
That's it.
There is none there.
I did have one, but deleted the account.
Now it's just this
#EMAIL#.
I had to switch the account with you, but it seemed to have worked
I would like you to transfer it to the #PRS_ORG# account, please, and you can cancel the other one
There were several from #NAME#
Well, if you need me to tell you some of the titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, non-merit, marketing and archetype
Okay, just a second
It has #NAME#
I'll see.
my daughter has an account #PRS_ORG# and there she is managing to acquire a book
of my daughter (who has the problem now is: #EMAIL#
or I can acquire it in my account and let my daughter read it
Hello #NAME#.
my daughter has account #PRS_ORG# and she is not able to buy a book
Or can I buy it on my account and allow my daughter to read it?
Yes?
Brazilian Portuguese: Da relogio de gua
water
Brazilian Portuguese: 11.99
We have already tried purchasing via her #PRS_ORG# Reader and my PC.
in none we could
So far I assume they didn't charge my card.
But I also can’t be sure at this time, since it sometimes takes a while for the banking system to synchronize the transactions
No.
Has not expired
Can I purchase it in my account and allow my daughter to read it?
It's just that I also have account #PRS_ORG#, through which I bought 2 readers
Ah!
I mean can I always buy the books on my own account and share with my daughters, or can I share only once?
I didn't understand.
yes
Then please confirm ff whether the purchase was made or not, so I can try it in another way.
Okay?
thank you
No.
that's all.
Thanks and good afternoon.
I made a purchase of an ebook in English, it was #URL# my credit card, but it doesn't appear on my #PRS_ORG# where to download it.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author... ebook in English
No, I did not buy from #PRS_ORG#.
I bought it direct from #PRS_ORG# card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
No.
#EMAIL#
But I don't use it.
I'll check it out and let you know.
I need more information.
To buy ebooks in English, how do I do it?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you
Maybe a.co
Buy didn't work because of this language.
That's okay.
Thank you #NAME? for your attention.
I found a debit, and then I saw that it was more antido
No thank you.
I'm talking to #PRS_ORG# where I bought it.
It has a purchase number.
😊
Problem with the file
#EMAIL#
February 5
Thank you, #NAME#.
I bought today the ebook Learn to live the now from #NAME#
When I try to open it, I get an error saying that it is not possible to open the document
I have already synchronized the eReader 3 times and it still shows the same error
on #PRS_ORG# eReader
Okay.
I am restoring at this moment.
I am following the restore progress bar
I will let you know as soon as I update, ok?
Hello
It's at the end of the update
I tried it now
And it didn't open
Brazilian Portuguese: It continues with the same error
The following notification appears: "Opa!
Could not open this document.
Okay
A moment
A moment
You're downloading the books again
A moment
It worked
Thank you very much!
Nice work :)
No
You already helped.
Thank you so much.
I was in chat with #NAME# and did everything they said and I can't finish a purchase because you say there was an error
#EMAIL#
Several, Terra Alta
I have already talked with your colleague #NAME# and have done what he said to do and the problem still persists
What kind of information did you delete?
They are making a fool of me.
I've already done that.
Read what is said to you sff
I am not able to checkout the purchase
I do not know what your colleague did, or did not do
I can not complete purchases on #PRS_ORG#
Do you want to talk about it or not?
I have already added the information
But here it seems that it is not a matter of following a standard but of personalizing the problem and finding a solution
I only have one credit card.
I always used the same without problems
Then the same thing happens, I stop another officer and it all starts again
How do you want me to feel if you don't do anything?
There are no missing information, it is all there
I will do everything all over again.
Hello I am not able to access my ebook that I purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
12 /02 LETTERS OF A STOIC, VOLUME I
That email, I use it in #PRS_ORG#... and in the account of #PRS_ORG#
I only purchased this one and I am not able to access it through the #PRS_ORG# account
I added another ebook in #PRS_ORG#..ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I'm going to check it out.
I'll send you a picture.
Visitor uploaded: Sem-título.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found in my email
I'm going to send it to you.
only 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox-(1.080)#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
sorry
I'll send you.
complete
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check it.
yes
was added
just that
thank you very much
for the attention
thank you so much
Brazilian Portuguese: good day
I need help to recover and transfer the books: education against barbarism, the #PRS_ORG# circuit of the #EMAIL# account to mine
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
onten consegui com a ajuda #NAME# consegui resgatar um livro mas falta dois
yes
because I can't try on the #PRS_ORG# account.
Brazilian Portuguese: Education against barbarism and the circuit of affects.
I can't
Brazilian Portuguese: please kindly make the transfer for me.
Brazilian Portuguese: has not arrived
I am trying to see on the cellphone #PRS_ORG#
thank you it worked I recovered the books.
not only the three I bought and the ones I already had in the #PRS_ORG# account.
Brazilian Portuguese: yes, thank you
Good afternoon!
God bless your day.
I bought the ebook Mundança de Mindset - a new way of thinking about education.
The purchase was made in the culture, but I can not open it in #PRS_ORG#.
According to the Bookstore, the ebook is having an error and I should seek support from you.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 15/01/#NUMBER#
The book is: Change of Mindset - a new way of thinking about education
no, just this email
I also made a preview.
but I made a purchase at #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the emai with the purchase confirmation
but, I can access the note yes
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
The PDF with the Note or the XML,, I have not yet received it from the Bookstore
but, when I access my account in #PRS_ORG#, this message appears that it has already been paid.
Also, I received the following message from Cultura:
Are you okay?
We appreciate the new opportunity;
Watching your email, about request #PHONENUMBER#, we talked to #PRS_ORG# and it was detected that the ebook has a failure.
They asked you to contact directly the support of #PRS_ORG# via CHAT.
Brazilian Portuguese: o livro aparece na biblioteca
now
I will do the reading... o
thank you
equally
Good afternoon!
I'm trying to play an audiobook, but it only plays for 4 minutes.
#EMAIL#
The duke and I|
yes
Smartphone
I just did.
The problem has been solved.
Thank you very much!
No.
Thank you very much for your help.
Have a great afternoon.
Good evening yesterday I received my #PRS_ORG# and it does not work with the dictionary or the translator.
I would like you to help me, thank you.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, I've done all that.
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And dps when I try to use it appears this
I would like you to help me thank you.
Yes
I bought it today.
Yes
That's okay.
It's okay
It already works, thank you. Regards
I need some help to find my book I just bought
#EMAIL#
the train girl
Brazilian Portuguese: please
my account receipt #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
sapiens
where?
I only tried the synchronize button
because that is what the website said
and nothing entered
How does one do this?
made
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
I synchronized and it didn't work
ok
yes
nothing
yes
how do you do it?
Yes
thank you
appeared
it is downloading
thank you very much for your help
Brazilian Portuguese: yeah, it's all right.
not very thank you
I would like to know the subscription plans values
Is she ok?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works - values and if I can use it in weight training classes
Is it in euros?
not in real?
Can you tell how many credits you use for #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thank you!
I found it to be quite expensive for those who go 3 x a week...
Good evening.
I would like to inform you that they charged the membership fee again without my being able to confirm my return to the gym.
I have not gone out for safety reasons, mainly because we are in the red phase.
I would like to request a refund, please.
I canceled my plan but they still charged me.
Please, I'm waiting for a response.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer.
I have no where to use all the credits I have
I want a refund
Yes.
Thank you.
I will observe if the refund was made in these days.
My credits cannot be transferred to another person?
I understand.
Thank you
I would like to know the values of all packages for physical persons.
Good day
I need to know the values and I can't find them on the website
can you help me?
I'm wondering how your packages are, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits for example
Improper charging
Hello
how are you?
Hello!
A payment from your company appeared on my credit card.
But not anymore customer
CPF #PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: phone #PHONENUMBER#
I don't remember.
maybe it was the #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
right, by the cpf cannot get anything?
credit card fina #NUMBER# mastercard
I don't have.
can I cancel the payment together with the bank then?
I have already given you my tax ID, unfortunately I do not have any other email addresses.
maybe you have lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what do I do then?
I have a #PRS_ORG# value on my credit card
I want your company to send me an email saying that I have no connection with you and that the amount is not correct
#EMAIL#
I am at work time, I can not stay here for a long time
tá bom (it's good)
Thank you!
#NAME#
There was an incorrect charge made to my account.
#NAME#
I don't have all this information on hand
I can't remember the day I canceled
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
#PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: 04/21
only I can't remember the date I canceled it
Brazilian Portuguese: 08/10/#NUMBER#
Hello, good evening!
How are you?
Hello #NAME#, how are you?
I would like to reactivate my subscription, if there are 14 days free
Brazilian Portuguese: and also for a lower value/plan
Brazilian Portuguese: because when I click to reactivate
the value automatically filled is #NUMBER# - with 30 credits.. and I want 99 with up to 15 credits
Can you help me out?
Brazilian Portuguese: here's a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Could you check if I can get the benefit of the 10 credit (14 days free)?
I want to test out a studio and I want to be sure I can cancel my plan if I don't like the studio.
I can't find the Pilates studio I attend to schedule the class
#PRS_ORG#
this is where I did my last class
I will try again.
I haven't made any reservations for #NUMBER#
Is there any reservation today?
When I search the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
#PRS_ORG#
when I choose the 1 option, it opens the page #URL#
and when I choose option 2 (the one I need to schedule the class), it opens the page #URL#
so, they are not attending #PRS_ORG#
Does it have anything to do with the pandemic?
Brazilian Portuguese: right?
Hello, I have a plan for 15 credits a month and I cannot book a swimming lesson at #PRS_ORG#. Every time I try to pay, I get an error.
Hi #NAME#
Yes
Could you tell me if I need to have a specific plan to reserve SWIMMING?
Yes, please.
Good morning.
I would like to learn more about how credits work.
For example, in the plan where I have 30 credits, how many classes do I have access to?
Thank you!
Likewise!
I am.
I understood!
I would like to hire someone to do pilates on average 2x a week in studios close to my house.
or any other activity besides gym
fight, perhaps
Brazilian Portuguese: the plans are monthly, right?
Sorry ahaha I have one more question
in the homepage, the available plans and the amount of credits appear
together, "schedule up to x classes" appears
How does it work?
How often are the number of classes demonstrated there, weekly or monthly?
I understand.
thank you so much!
You are charging my card inappropriately
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
CANCELLATION DATE: it’s already a year
Charge: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been charged in recent months
Brazilian Portuguese: on 26/12/#NUMBER# a charge was made
oops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
that
#NAME#, I would like to know how the plan works... at R$ 189.00 for example, can I use any gym, make one check in per day, what is the value of each check in of the classes, or massage?
#NAME#
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... for R$ 189.00, for example, can I use any gym, do a check in every day, what is the value of each check in for the classes or massage?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, in #PRS_ORG#
I'm in São Paulo
Brazilian Portuguese: Brazil
#URL#
for example, for this gym, to do a class, do you know the value that would be debited?
Good afternoon!
I asked for a quote and up to now I haven't had any response to my request.
I await your contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not answer
Yes, for corporate hiring
Yes.
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to know about the corporate plans to hire for employees at #PRS_ORG#
1) Your commercial e-mail address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Name of the company: #PRS_ORG#
3) Local: São Paulo
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#!
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to know about the corporate plans to hire for the collaborators at #PRS_ORG#
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG# yet!
The corporate data is as follows:
1) Your business email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company Name: #PRS_ORG#
3) location: São Paulo
#PRS_ORG# does not have it!
I requested a quote through the Corporate Subscriptions page but I haven’t received any response
Okay, I'll try the quotation process again
Thank you!
Training/Credit Doubt
Hi
Good morning
I have a doubt before signing a plan
If I sign up for the plan of #NUMBER# per month, can I only go to the gym 5 times in the month because I only have 5 credits?
I in this case just want to go to the gym to workout in person
I don't care much about online class
dx I'll see if I understood it.
If I sign up for #NUMBER# can I go to the gym from Monday to Friday and are the credits only for the online class?
I will change my question
to see if you can understand it properly
With the plan #NUMBER# I can go to the gym from Monday to Friday in the month to do my training that I already have in mind without having to worry about adding credit?
I don't have an interest in online classes or anything like that
I more or less understood
Brazilian Portuguese: so one more thing
For example:
Brazilian Portuguese: the #NUMBER# plan is 5 credits, if the normal class in the gym is 1 credit I can only go 5 times in the month
okay.
kkkkk
is the minimum value of gyms from 1 credit to workout?
I understand.
thank you very much, see you
Good job.
kkk
Hello.
Hi, do you not speak Portuguese?
Thank you!
I would like to know how much credit I need to attend the gym at least 3x a week.
I didn't find any information on the site about the fees that the academies charge...
I like #PRS_ORG# from Av. Paulista
specifically yoga classes.
okay
ok, thanks for the information
HELLO,
I WOULD LIKE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#
I am #NAME#, I have a gym in Porto Alegre and would like more information about the service and the possibility of being a partner
ok, I'm going to look and I'll return any question
is there no portuguese version of this page?
TKS
no thanks
I would like to cancel
Just confirm if it was successful to cancel, please.
Not
Good evening!
I have already started two other chats, but they disappear
I would like to have back the credits of the classes that didn't happen
A stretching class on Saturday at the gym #PRS_ORG#, and an astanga class at #PRS_ORG#
No
The stretching class was on the 22nd of this month
And the one of Astanga on #PRS_ORG# on October 5th
None happened
Ok :)
Everything's fine
I'll give warning!
Thank you!!
Good evening!
Hello
I would like to receive back the credits of classes that did not happen
Okay :)
Hello, I am having problems managing my credits.
It is said that the 24 credits that I have today will expire tomorrow, and I can't schedule a class for next Saturday with these credits.
However, I am only keeping my subscription active with you during the pandemic with everything closed because I received an email saying that the credits would no longer expire in cycle exchanges.
Okay.
Yes
Ok, when you go to consult, the main question is about the credits not expiring anymore
I'm waiting for the email
Hugs.
Hello!
I reserved a class that didn’t happen and I didn’t get the credits back.
This is the second time it has happened.
I would like to receive the credit back for the class that did not happen :)
Good day, we are a national association with over 40,000 employees in our database, we are interested in forming a partnership to offer plans with differentiated values.
I await contact.
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: can you please send me the form
thank you very much
Hi, I was charged for a plan I am not using, and I am requesting a return
And how can I transfer the signature to another person?
Why is my money not free to be spent on anything
Thank you very much!!
I would like to know the gyms in São Paulo
#NAME#
How do I know the amount charged in each gym?
do credits allow to go to all gyms?
I understood.
thank you.. I'll think about it
signature
hello
I tried to make a subscription.
charged my card
and blocked
I was in doubt
Brazilian Portuguese: if it was or not
#EMAIL#
I registered for the 14 day trial
I informed the card
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: and then bloayeo
Blockage
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I cannot change my credit card on the website
Hello
I can't update the data, my card is working normally
I tried both.
Brazilian Portuguese: inclusive
None of them worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
OK
I'll wait
Okay
I have a class at 4:45pm, I wanted to understand if I'm going to be able to do it or if I need to cancel because the account is suspended
Okay, I'll do it.
What about the lesson?
Can I cancel without cost until I solve this?
Just today's because it may take a while until I can speak at the bank!
That's all it was!
Any problem, contact me.
thanks!
Do I cancel class or do you cancel?
Okay thank you
have a good day too!
Hello, good day
i would like to know if i can suspend the subscription for a period
Hello #NAME#!
yes
I need to take a break from the classes, but I'd like to keep my account.
and the credits
Yes
just confirm to me if it is possible to freeze the subscription
How long will I be able to stay away?
Brazilian Portuguese: the collection will be suspended
I understood.
Brazilian Portuguese: so every month I will have to get in touch to renew the suspension?
okay
What is the best day to call each month?
Good evening.
How are you doing, Td?
For the second time I arrived at the establishment to do yoga and my name was not on the list
I have been making the reservations normally and the credits too
Ok thank you
Okay.
Thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: Avise ela pf
Just that, good night.
Hello, good day.
I am trying to make a reservation in #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but an error message appears.
I have already tried two different schedules... How do I make a reservation?
Thank you #NAME#!
:)
No problems.
Do you need any information from me?
#EMAIL#
Hello good afternoon
Hello good afternoon!
#NAME#, everything is great and I hope you are fine
I want to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
How do I cancel?
this link doesn't open
could you help me in another way?
Okay, I'm waiting for your confirmation and if possible, could you send an email with confirmation of the cancellation?
Is there any confirmation email?
Everything is fine, thank you very much.
Hello!
I am from Brazil and I saw that you have many partner gyms in São Paulo, however I can't access the values for Brazil.
Where do I see my country’s price?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Thank you!
How does it work?
Do I spend a credit for each class?
Can I use it in any affiliated gym?
I got it!
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# gym #PRS_ORG#
I understand.
Is there any other fee to pay, such as an application fee, for example?
The fees will be charged in Real, so that I don’t have to pay tax for making an international transaction?
Sure!
I'll think about it and contact you again.
Thank you very much
That's all.
Thank you.
Hello, good night.
I would like to ask a question.
Hello #NAME#.
I would like to understand the plan of R$189 per month = 30 credits
Each booking corresponds to 1 credit, is that it?
And why not 30 credits but only for 9 classes?
Would there be 9 types of classes or 9 classes in the monthly period?
I don’t know if my doubt was clear 🥲
It still wasn't clear.
So I can only make 9 reservations in this plan, is that correct?
Ahhh, I get it
But why 9 classes?
That’s the maximum of “lesson options” I can choose in this plan, is that it?
For example: bike, pilates, yoga, swimming, weightlifting, etc.
Not being able to go beyond 9 options?
And what does it mean?
Hmmmmmm
So I can throw away these 9 classes from my head?
kkkkkkk
Perfect
That was it then
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund of my credits.
Due to my location, there is nothing available for use.
How do I get back my points?
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund for my credits.
Because of my location, there is nothing available to use.
How do I recover the amounts?
okay
Okay.
Thank you very much.
It wasn't being advantageous to offer nothing around me.
Thanks!
Good afternoon, I would like to know what activities there are in Campinas SP.
Hi
as far as I saw
there's only 1 studio that accepts you here in Campinas
Brazilian Portuguese: so, does the gym only have this?
Do you want to have more in Campinas?
My "Music" book doesn't show images on #PRS_ORG# or on the phone.
Is there a better version?
Of course!
:) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
This is what happens.
On the mobile phone it's the same.
I don't know if I won't have a corrupted file or if it's a general problem
I just said that the error happens in Android... and it does not happen with any other book.
Yes :)
But only in this book.
I know where to get it fixed thanks
But is it worth fixing only for 1 file to give problems?
The other books don't give
I made the purchase of a book with a different email from the initial one and it was accepted with a #PRS_ORG# offer card and that was transmitted to the reader but I can't open it.
What to do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Okay
Police
I'm looking for the model name, but it's the first one in your list
Brazilian Portuguese: continues not to open
Brazilian Portuguese: it is not resulting the book appears but it does not open
it's just a moment while I turn the camera on
#EMAIL#
it is still not open but I'll send the information that appears
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
it is already
Is it to configure the e-reader?
from a PC?
I have
okay
ok and thank you
Yes and once again thank you for your attention.
equally
Hello, how are you?
A few months ago, I had to restore the #PRS_ORG# PC application.
When I did that, I lost all my purchased books.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thank you.
Mobile phone for contact: #PHONENUMBER#
my account was #EMAIL#.
However, this email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the app, it automatically changed to #EMAIL#
I'm sorry, I said the wrong thing.
Brazilian Portuguese: has always been #EMAIL#
Yes, please!
Thank you!
I will test it here
sorry, where do I sync?
On the computer or on the #PRS_ORG# itself?
the computer does not have the application
Brazilian Portuguese: he is new
How low?
on the device #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
I have already done it, but it's not working
Yes, synchronization error
okay, so one minute
it seems like it's working!
So it's just one minute to finish
It seems everything went well.
do I need to do something else?
ok, thank you so much!
happy new year
Good evening,
I did an exchange of points through the protocol #PRS_ORG# You and I would like to know which are the partner publishers selected so that I can enjoy my book?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Yes, definitely: #EMAIL#
I have not made any purchases through the #PRS_ORG# website yet.
I made a bid for a point exchange through the #PRS_ORG# website with the #PRS_ORG# You protocol, and I was given a code that allowed me to buy a book from your store
however any book i select is not allowed, and when i went to check the rules it says it is only applicable in some selected partner publishers, and i would like to know which ones
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: For sure, a moment please
It appears in the list as pending
Brazilian Portuguese: is already available!
thank you so much for the help
No, thank you very much for your help.
I can normally read e-books on the #PRS_ORG# but they are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
December 29
Does not load the e-books.
It says: "care
It says: "loading...." and nothing happens
I have uninstalled and reinstalled #PRS_ORG# several times.
I restarted #PRS_ORG# several times.
#PRS_ORG# (3 generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I've done it already.
It still won't load.
Don't open the book.
I turned it off and on again.
I deleted the APP.
It is not.
I entered the configuration.
Yes
No "archive"
I am "armanezamento"
I couldn't find it.
I didn't find "restart"
“Swipe to switch off” was what appeared.
I turned it off.
I called back.
I found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I'm viewing my e-books
I didn't even need to log in
Good afternoon, I can not buy books with any credit card only with gift card.
How can I fix the problem?
#EMAIL#
The last one was today and it's called "A única mulher" (The only woman)
The cellphone
The eReader was also used to attempt to buy
#NAME#
Yes, you can do that.
Yes
I think it has already been eliminated
Okay.
Then what?
OK I'm in process
Good evening
I acquired the e-book "A Promised Land" by Barack Obama on November 17.
I have already downloaded the file to my #PRS_ORG# but it has now disappeared and I can’t download it again.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: day 01/12
thank you
Yes.
a e-reader #PRS_ORG#
clear
functioned
I have just finished.
thank you
at the moment, no
I'm the one who's grateful.
equally
How to enable family sharing
#EMAIL#
December 29
That's it.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
Purchased books are not loading on #PRS_ORG#
Wheel, wheel and it does not enter
I do not receive error messages
I logged out and logged in again.
Do not want to login
The problem persists.
#PRS_ORG#
Books bought at Cultura are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#
I see the covers, but not the text.
I reinstalled the app and the problem still continues
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3 generation and #PRS_ORG#
I didn't understand.
I have a free #PRS_ORG# book and it loads normally
In the books purchased the app informs that it is "loading" and does not load anything.
In the #PRS_ORG# I can read normally and in the #PRS_ORG# I have a problem.
#PRS_ORG# of #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I am with #PRS_ORG# on this account.
I am currently browsing the book on #PRS_ORG#
I am trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay
Waiting, without problems
The book of "MIlícias" is not showing up.
Yes.
Reappeared, but still not carrying.
I await contact.
I'll go have lunch.
Thank you for the help so far.
Thank you.
A good year for you and your team.
I can't download the ebook
Hello
Hello
#EMAIL#
Our daily bread
Okay.
In the cell phone #PRS_ORG#
Yes, I can, it's just the bread we need that doesn't open
No, it just keeps spinning the ball and then goes back to the book cover screen
I have done that already.
If I leave the screen, I lose the chat
I bought an ebook from Cultura since December 28th #NUMBER# and it is not yet available for reading.
The title is What is Inclusive Education.
It has been billed, I have received an invoice, but I can’t sync it!
#EMAIL#
28/12/#NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the purchase code is # #PHONENUMBER#-01
ok
I already did.
Brazilian Portuguese: it still doesn't show up...I only have what I bought in #NUMBER# June
this is what I sent before...
# #PHONENUMBER#-01
that's the purchase
I paid by credit card, it has already invoiced and it is as sent on the #PRS_ORG# website!
I just don't understand why they haven't released it yet...
another address?
but my email #PRS_ORG# is what I passed to you?!
I have the receipt I received by email
I'll send it.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
There it is!
That
In my app it still does not appear...how should I proceed?
He has now appeared!
Finally!
Thank you so much!
I'm the one who thanks you!
I have doubts
#EMAIL#
must have been two days
hello
everything okay?
I'm starting to read on #PRS_ORG# now
I'm not able to bookmark the page
Brazilian Portuguese: no
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: I still can't
When I get to the "Notes" what should I do?
I do not see the option to mark the page
in the upper right corner of the page, a fold mark does not appear to me at the corner of the page
I still can't
nothing
already did this
I can't call you, right?
okay
okay
still nothing
What is #NAME#?
thank you
goodbye
Password
I bought 05/01
Hello anyone out there.
#EMAIL#
I'm having a password problem.
If I put my child's email will I be able to
Okay
Not mobile
I don't have a computer
Yes, because I have a problem synchronizing with the bookstore to get the book I bought
It won't
Just a moment
I managed it with another email.
How do I get access to the book?
And they lived happily ever after, thin as a rail.
Brazilian Portuguese: Only minutes
#PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
You saw the 2 that I sent was missing, 1 number
What do I do to call the bookstore
I bought from #PRS_ORG#
I'll call the bookstore.
Thank you.
Ok
I just bought an ebook and want to download the book on my mobile phone.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/01/#NUMBER#
I bought from #PRS_ORG#, but I think I entered my work email on the purchase today, the email is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# app on my cellphone via the #EMAIL# account, will I have to download the app again via the corporate email account?
I bought the book Range.
it appears in #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but it gives an error when I open it
#EMAIL#
Range
okay
Opa, it was not possible to open this document. There might be a problem with the file.
Try to sync your e-reader If you are still unable to open please contact the #PRS_ORG# Customer Services at #URL#
right
ok
Done.
now a menu appeared to choose the language
Brazilian Portuguese: idioma
I logged in again and it's downloading the Range book again
I am waiting for the download to finish that began automatically.
entered
I had already done that, but ok, the important thing is that it was entered.
something must have been missing
thank you
Just that, thank you very much and happy new year
good work
okay, thanks!
After the factory reset, the tablet no longer starts up.
When I try to config the wi-fi it says an update error.
I tried to reset again and I also wiped the cache, but it does not work.
What should I do?
thank you.
Sorry I don't have an account
I believe that it is the simplest, the #PRS_ORG#
this
Brazilian Portuguese: yes no complete the connection
#7
Brazilian Portuguese: error #7
How can I update via the android robot using the usb drive option?
yes I am on my computer
and the tablet is connected
no
I am going to install.
now I have it ready
if e-reader is the tablet, yes it is
I would like to remind you that I did a factory reset on the tablet
there is no such option
after the first screen where I select the language and press Get started, the next screen is to configure the wi-fi and I don't have the option to not configure it
I have only option of Scan, Add Network, Back, Next and select some wifi network.
Yes, turning off now
Reconnecting again.
Brazilian Portuguese: just called and got a message that #PRS_ORG#ou
What is #PRS_ORG#?
no, how?
#NAME#, thank you very much for your help and patience, but I must leave now.
I will try to get some help here another time.
Thank you and have a great day.
What is your email address?
Okay, thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
I purchased a book and paid via #PRS_ORG#, but the book is not showing in my account.
#EMAIL#
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: 10
Yes
Ok
I'm trying to upload the picture
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Okay.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction I made about 25 minutes ago, I just received this information
I did not receive an invoice from #PRS_ORG#
Until then I don’t have access to the book nor can I buy it, right?
Okay, thanks.
No.
I will wait for the resolution via email.
I can't open the book I bought.
#EMAIL#
I think it was the 4th of January
Thank you
Yes, I can't open it and read it
Thank you
I carry the book to open and read and page returns to the start
It's not enough to open
Yes
Yes on my #PRS_ORG# app
Yes
Not supposed to?
#PRS_ORG#
Yes if I can
It is already here.
Or rather had already done this before contacting you
But I went back to doing it now.
No way
It continues not to open
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I carry the book upstairs to open it and it won't open.
Go back to the same site as it is in the image
I played it as you asked and it still won't open
Yesterday night I was able to open it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Today it's not possible anymore.
Brazilian Portuguese: OK, I have already finished the session
It's done already.
Thanks
Hello, I would like to transfer my books from #PRS_ORG# account to #EMAIL# and delete that first email from my account.
Thank you.
No merit, #NAME#, of the first one... And they put a #PRS_ORG# in the second one these days for confirmation purposes
Yes, he told me, but I can't see them there
The app #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thanks, sometimes we forget to try the obvious
No, it was just, thank you
Okay.
#PRS_ORG#
Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook started having issues again, I can't open any books.
#EMAIL#
Sorry, but, what is e-reader?
I had the same problem with a book about a week ago, more or less.
Use on mobile phone, #PRS_ORG#.
All the books appear, but they don't open.
On the notebook, it works normally.
Hello, yes he has left.
I already had this problem with 1 book that didn't open, it appears but it doesn't open.
Now they are all.
Okay.
Cellphone, on the notebook it works fine
It's okay.
Dear Sir, Good evening, I would like to remove the card that is saved in my profile without inserting another at the moment, is that possible?
#EMAIL#
the dare
Brazilian Portuguese: so, for me only shows the option to edit and not to delete.
Yes please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
for me it stays like this, if you can delete it would help me a lot
you only deleted the card right? #NAME#?
That's it only #NAME#, thank you very much for your attention okay?
Brazilian Portuguese: a question, wouldn't it have the option in the future of boleto?
instead of paying by card, pay by boleto
I will send, thank you very much for your help #NAME#, have a great day
I bought the e-book 'Seminário dos ratos' through #PRS_ORG# on 11/29/##NUMBER## for R$11.96 (promotion).
You can already pay with a credit card.
Until today I haven’t received it.
I would like to know what happened and if I will receive the book.
Thank you for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
I also can't because it does not appear for me on any of the devices.
It is like I did not buy it.
The books I bought before appear just fine.
But this one, no.
Okay, just a moment please.
He showed up.
What happiness!!!!
Thank you very much!!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Great end of the afternoon to you.
Thank you.
I purchased a #PRS_ORG# form and the EReader is locked.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: January of this year
I purchased the #PRS_ORG# on your website on December 24 with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# and the device locked up.
It does not change the page or turn off.
I see the text that was on the screen.
It was about 80% charged.
Not one time it had so much charge that it didn't overload the battery
No
You are already connected
It is already connected and has restarted.
It had no battery.
Yes and is charging
Good evening, I bought the book "Crónicas e caprichos", but it no longer appears in my #PRS_ORG# books.
It appears in my customer area, however when I sync it does not appear in the #PRS_ORG#.
When searching for the book in the store at #PRS_ORG# it appears as never bought.
I think that after updating the book's edition it's no longer recognized on the device.
I request help, thank you.
#EMAIL#
The midnight sun
thank you
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: a moment please
Brazilian Portuguese: it still doesn't appear...
I think so.
I think that it has something to do with the new edition
why does the book appear in my account in the web browser, but not in the #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
Brazilian Portuguese: one moment please
#NAME#
thank you very much
that's all, thank you very much
Good work and good night!
Good afternoon,
I have been trying to buy an ebook on your website since yesterday but the internal server error #NUMBER# always appears at the time of the transaction.
How can I solve this situation and get the ebook?
Thanks!
#EMAIL#
the only ebook I have at the moment
Brazilian Portuguese: it is the
#NAME#
okay.
at this moment the computer
#PRS_ORG#
The error that appears is the following
Visitor uploaded: erro-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
already
now I'm in the buy zone
Brazilian Portuguese: had already left
Brazilian Portuguese: do you want it to come back?
okay
I will then add this
I have already added.
ok
I already succeeded!
Thank you so much for your help.
no, it was just that
thank you once again
okay, I will answer
APP #PRS_ORG#  desktop reports that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I have purchased ebooks.
I request immediate recovery, please.
#EMAIL#
I don't know when I purchased them, it was around 3 to 5 years ago.
Yes
I'll wait.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
The message is not blank.
I downloaded it again but the same message is still there.
Yes.
Yes.
Ready.
where is the link to settings.
Do you see Ima's account?
At the top, you can find the help button
I can't find the link
I understand, but don't know how to proceed.
Yes.
okay.
I logged in #PRS_ORG# and it says it can't find the account
Yes.
Yes.
OK.
Brazilian Portuguese: ready.
Yes, I am trying to see.
I accessed the page.
I'm getting the key.
I put in my password but it didn't work
We couldn't find an account with this email or address.
OK.
Thank you.
Good morning.
I bought 2 books last night but can't read them on my #PRS_ORG#.
I've already done synchronization but it still has this problem.
Thank you in advance!
#EMAIL#
Yesterday evening from January 21 to January 22
thanks!
The books that I bought last night are Sapiens, Historia Breve da Humanidade and O Tatuador de Auschitz
The book covers appear in "My Books" but when I try to open it to read it says "Oops!
This document could not be opened!
and said that there is probably a problem with the file.
and asks me to make my ereader synchronize but it continues to have a problem
and #PRS_ORG# already sent the proof of purchase to my email
Yes.
I can open in my Telemovel
it's alright!
thank you 🙏🏽
okay
okay.
I'll let you know
still not finished
Brazilian Portuguese: you still have the problem
I am trying again.
Good morning!
I would like to know about technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG#, which has burned out its inner light.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 22/11
you're fine
I am.
Brazilian Portuguese: so, he is old
the light is not working anymore
wow, let me find out
Brazilian Portuguese: perae
: #PRS_ORG# (Quantity: 1)
How do I do that?
that's okay
#NAME#!
If it does not work, is there no support?
ta bem
Brazilian Portuguese: uai
I wrote it wrong
excuse me
#EMAIL#
It's quite old kkk
but I'm saying that even if I don't pay, can I get the job?
aaah I got it
I'm fine.
tomara q e this procedure he taught from scratch
Brazilian Portuguese: right
thank you very much for the guidance
no.
just that
Good day!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, the Account Settings option does not appear
The page disappeared.
Now when I type #URL# it goes straight to #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
In the left corner, you have the Login and Not my account options
Here's the information: We couldn't find an account with that address......Check that you typed it correctly
How so?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do this?
The following message appears: To keep your #PRS_ORG# account secure, we have locked you out after five failed attempts to sign in.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
okay
A link came up for me to enter.
Is it true?
Okay.
I created a new password and the message came up: We could not find an account with that email address or password.
Make sure you typed it correctly.
That's right
OK I managed to get in.
Ufa!!
I am now in account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria Cultura click on link this account?
Log back in to #PRS_ORG# and Enter.
When I clicked on enter it came up with: We don't recognise an account with that email address or password.
Check if you typed correctly.
I repeated the steps to link this account to the side of #PRS_ORG# and always comes the message above
above
How is that?
Yes, normal
I already contacted #PRS_ORG# and she tried and said that the problem is with #PRS_ORG# and that I should contact you...it's tough, isn't it?
okay
Yes, you can.
Solve the problem
okay.
My #PRS_ORG# is not working, I put it on charge but it does not turn on.
The model is #PRS_ORG#, where do I get assistance?
#EMAIL#
I don't have this information, I never used #PRS_ORG#, it worked better but now it doesn't
ok
Brazilian Portuguese: because I do perceive it
I put it on the charger, both on the PC and on the socket but it doesn’t turn on any lights and it doesn’t charge
No*
Yes, more does not work
Brazilian Portuguese: what other connection, what type?
Does it need to be a specific cable?
Sorry, I did not understand
right
the light does not turn on
My #PRS_ORG# is the model #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C, it doesn't have a power button, it has a different button that slides to the side
My God, it's been a very long time
Is there any place that makes maintenance for this device?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Do you still manufacture?
Is there no place that does maintenance?
I understood.
Is there no maintenance only for that model or for none of them?
Brazilian Portuguese: and still you suggest that I buy another one?
for a product that doesn't provide assistance if I need it?
I understand, thank you very much for the information.
Good night
I'm seeing that there will be many people discontent like me.
HOW TO FILL IN THE COMPLAINT BOOK
THAT'S BAD IF NOT #PRS_ORG#
I am unable to buy anything from the #PRS_ORG# store, I have changed my card twice, I have changed my account, I have been to #PRS_ORG# and did not get an answer, I want to know how I can fill out your complaints book?
I'M WAITING
DONT AT THE END OF THE PURCHASE SIMPLY GIVES A ERROR THAT SAYS UPS!
ERROR AND CAN NOT FINISH PURCHASE
IT WOULD NOT BE BETTER IF IT WAS A SNAKE AND I DID NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT IN #PRS_ORG#
PURCHASE CAN NOT BE FINALIZED
NO
ALREADY #NAME#
I WILL RETURN TO DO THIS BUT I HAVE ALREADY DONE IT THREE TIMES AT LEAST
I have already done it.
I already did
Brazilian Portuguese: I did it and it is always the same error
BUT I ALREADY DID THAT
I’ve already changed my card twice, and I’ve updated my account details multiple times.
What about #NAME#?
I am already on the third book that I try to buy and the error is always the same
Brazilian Portuguese: it's better
but there is a deadline to return the equipment (which I will do) and fill in the complaints book
Brazilian Portuguese: on the website, but I first tried it on e-reder and the result was the same
Brazilian Portuguese: she did not answer how I can file a complaint or how to get my deep dislike to #PRS_ORG#
Where?
In the help?
thanks
I bought a #PRS_ORG#, and after backing up, it doesn't leave the wifi screen.
Does not accept the network password
#EMAIL#
I do not remember purchasing ebooks, I only use it as a tablet
I didn't buy it in Canada on a trip about 5 years ago.
Does it have anything you can do or have I lost the product?
I can't get out of the screen, that is, I do not use it as a tablet anymore
I have already downloaded it on my pc
however asks to call #PRS_ORG#
When I switch on it doesn't leave the Wi-Fi screen
Brazilian Portuguese: no
I entered the app
nothing
Brazilian Portuguese: just the wifi screen
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I think my case is unsolvable lol
No Brazilian Portuguese: nothing else appears besides the language option screens
and wifi
or in other words
I can't go anywhere.
my computer recognizes the device
Brazilian Portuguese: no
everything is alright
thank you for trying to help me
Happy new year...for you too!!
Thank you!!
Good morning
I need help.
I am #PRS_ORG# years old and I have never had sync problems.
I still used it in November without problems.
Brazilian Portuguese: I'm not able to do it today.
It doesn't recognize my email and I don't remember my password.
I have pending e-books and I can't sync.
If you can help me I thank you.
In reality, I do not know because I had problems with my first email which was #EMAIL#.
The current one is #EMAIL#.
as it was my daughter in law who set it up first I believe the password would be #NUMBER#
The #PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to log in via #PRS_ORG# because it doesn't recognize my email or password either.
Even my library disappeared.
I had a lot of books there and they all disappeared.
I may be entering it incorrectly.
I have #NUMBER# years and I consider myself a heroine in computer science because I get around very well, but now I'm stuck.
kk
Brazilian Portuguese: it can be
but I need you to help me and give me guidance
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: if I find you then everything is okay kkkkk
then use the second email #EMAIL#
the Brazilian Portuguese would have to be changed here.
my mobile phone is #NAME#
I think it's that registered number
in this reconfiguration I don’t lose what is already downloaded in #PRS_ORG#
New account?
and what password
How can I change my profile on Cultura?
I tried to speak to them, the phone I have is #NAME#, they answered but when I spoke in #PRS_ORG# the call dropped and they didn’t answer again.
If you have a phone to help me, I appreciate it.
do you have any issue with the fact that the culture registration is different to the #PRS_ORG#?
I just remembered that the last time I used #PRS_ORG# was for books that I purchased in the #PRS_ORG# store.
I have more than #NUMBER# books
ok
Not for the time being.
I appreciate your patience and attention.
Have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I will wait for you.
Screen of my #PRS_ORG# is fading
#EMAIL#
I think it's already 1 year
Thank you.
The screen of his is fading everything funky on it but I can't read anything on it
Yes it always stays charged I never let it run down or drop it
I left it in the factory setting to see if it came back on but the letters are so faded I can't even read them properly.
I've done it already.
The screen is still the same
How so?
It responds normally, the only problem is that the letters and images are practically erased
Hello
Yes
Yes
Okay
No
Yes
I did it the way you said but nothing showed up
Yes
It's like it's turned off
However you can see the books I still have
It's even possible to see "carinho" written off
He is not connecting, I think the screen froze
You're not answering the phone
Okay.
He never came back
He did not switch it off and it continues with the background very clear showing the books
Is there anything else we can do besides what you are saying?
Why is he just with the screen with letters and images half faded now that I did what you said he is not even answering
Brazilian Portuguese: It's not working now.
It's as if it had the screen off, it won't come out of it, it shows that it's off but it shows the books and the off but I can't do anything.
Now you are getting very hot
Yes
Would you have any technical assistance in SP?
I will continue the conversation next.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I am going to resume my conversation with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Please be aware that if you switch between applications, lock your phone or switch to another window while chatting with us, you may be disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience, please stay active in this chat window.
(03:30 PM) Customer Service: Due to a high volume of requests, our response time might be slightly delayed.
We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused and we will respond to your request as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience.
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thanks for contacting us, can you please indicate the email you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I wish to purchase a book but cannot complete the payment process.
I use #EMAIL# as my email address for reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
(03:34 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for the information.
I will be happy to help you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Give me a moment to check your #PRS_ORG# account.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thanks for waiting.
(03:36 PM) #NAME#: I am asking if you completed your billing information when attempting to purchase your book?
(03:38: #NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: In a second phase I revised (confirming) the payment instructions as was suggested in the message with the note that the payment was not made.
(03:39:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I see there were some purchase attempts that didn't go through.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes when a transaction fails, the bank shouldn't let you make more attempts to buy.
(03:40:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Can you reach out to your banks to see if they have added a restriction on our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I'll check.
(03:43:#NUMBER# PM)
the last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
yes and they told me that from their side there is no problem in doing the transaction
OK
Yes, it worked now.
Good evening,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I have to press the on/off button for my device to fully turn off?
#EMAIL#
I don't have any purchases made
I received my device today just
But sleep mode consumes a lot of battery.
When I first rang him it was 59% and now it's only 39%
I have already tried faster what you told me but it has never turned off.
It has only been suspended.
I bought this unit because I always heard about the battery durability......
Is it possible that there is something wrong?
I did not upload it, I just connected the computer to import the books.
Before I started, I read the manuals.
And I didn’t find anything about this subject in the manual or on the Internet.
I believe so but as I said, nowhere did that information appear
Sorry but I didn't understand
I can't.
I even tried saying that it was turned off, but nothing happened.
I will say again that it only enters the sleep mode.
How much time?
But I have already told you that this does not happen
It is the seventh time I have done this and only enters standby
How?
What about the battery issue?
And the problem with the battery?
Will I be left without my books?
And the battery?
The problem with the battery I talked about earlier....
How so?
But you still didn't understand that I didn't say anything like that in the manuals and absolutely nowhere?
If it is so important it should be in the manual.
So basically I paid for a device that supposedly has a lot of battery life and that because it didn't charge the initial 4h lost this capacity???
Can it take weeks???
The device is new.
And as I already said, it came with 59% battery (it was turned on at 1:00 PM) and now it’s past midnight and it only has 37% and I didn’t even use it, it was always in sleep mode.
I have already reset to factory settings.
Continues without turning off
I charged for over #NUMBER# seconds and nothing showed up, it only went into rest mode about 5 seconds after I charged it.
Nothing else happened.
One way or another, don't turn it off
Tomorrow I'll contact the store where I bought it and ask for a new device or the money back.
Good evening.
Good morning
In the physical store of #PRS_ORG# I asked if I could offer ebooks and they said yes, that it was enough to buy on the site, receive a link and then send the link to the person.
But from what I’ve noticed, that doesn’t happen.
I just bought an ebook and I think it only associates with my account, right?
How can I offer this ebook to someone else?
#NAME#,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
January 9th of #NUMBER#
Good day #NAME#.
The book is a gift and it's not for me.
How can I give it to who I want to give it without it staying in my library?
Is it possible?
Yes, that's right
I had bought a physical book at #PRS_ORG# and the person asked to exchange for an ebook.
I made the return at #PRS_ORG# and they said to buy it from the website and a link to download the book would be issued, and it would be enough to send the link to the person who wanted the ebook
But that's not quite what happened.
Or I do not understand anything about the subject.
Or both ahah
So there's no way to offer it?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store credit cards right?
In this case, I prefer just to get a refund, since I'm not going to use the book and the person has no access.
The purchase was a mistake.
I haven't even opened the ebook as you can probably see from the history.
In this case, please return the item using the same payment method
Thank you very much #NAME#
Thank you very much #NAME#
That was all.
Thank you so much.
Will the contact be by email?
Yes but if it is necessary for the purpose of this process I can also be contacted at the number #PHONENUMBER#
No.
It's all
Once again thanks.
Good afternoon, I can't change the password on the account #PRS_ORG#, I would like to do this to give access to an ebook I bought to give as a gift.
greetings
#NAME#
25th December
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 24
December
forgiveness
thanks
right, but this is so that my father can give the book as a present
the goal is this
ok but I needed a way for him to access it
through log in
from my account with a pass and my associated email
Brazilian Portuguese: no
okay, everything is fine
Brazilian Portuguese: and it's not even possible for me to log in normally, for example
ok but then I'll try.
and not accepting, or do I have to go through the #PRS_ORG# website
thank you very much :L)
I already managed to access with this option via #PRS_ORG#
I can not access the books I bought.
#EMAIL#
I bought it through #PRS_ORG#, and I can't access it
The courage to be imperfect
I am unable to link the #PRS_ORG# account to the #PRS_ORG# account.
Brazilian Portuguese: by cellular #PRS_ORG#
this, it says that it has problems with synchronization
I log in to #PRS_ORG# and then try to associate to #PRS_ORG#
I have now entered #PRS_ORG# and I am trying to associate again
Brazilian Portuguese: it says it can't find the account
I tried, but I can't find it either
in the #PRS_ORG# website I normally do that
yes
and when i try the sync it says the system is not available
hello
but I'm logging in normally at #PRS_ORG# and in #PRS_ORG# I can't associate only
I'll try.
I am still changing.
We couldn't find an account with this e-mail or password.
Check if you have entered it correctly.
this
the two are the same email
I can log in to #PRS_ORG# by #PRS_ORG#, but when I go through the bookstore, I get this message
Brazilian Portuguese: but when you go directly to the bookstore's site it works
Thank you, I am waiting for the response.
Brazilian Portuguese: just that
Thank you
Since January I have not been able to pay #PRS_ORG# on #PRS_ORG#, and so I am unable to buy as I used to do.
My credit card is the same.
#EMAIL#
Various, High Ground, The Joe Nesbo Knife, etc.
Did I lose the connection or are you checking?
I have tried that.
my computer
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# website
What private browser?
I didn't realize, I always did it the same way
I don’t even know if it is possible to buy anonymously
But how?
I go to the site, clean my information, and I buy?
How do I pay?
A laptop with #PRS_ORG#
I am not understanding, do I leave the website?
Would you like me to sign up again to #PRS_ORG#.
Would it not be better to speak directly?
But why?
Can't I do it with my password and mail?
I can't understand him.
Leaving the chat will not follow the verification first
Brazilian Portuguese: I still haven't figured out how to enter as an anonymous, I have never entered
To go to my account they ask for an email and password
Could it be a cell phone?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you follow the process on the phone with me, or not?
No, I never have.
I want to do it on PC, but talk to you
Our conversation isn't going well because I don't know anything about computers.
I will try again and if it doesn't go well, I have to go back to chat?
Answer what I ask sff
Good morning, my #PRS_ORG# went into recovery mode, and I can't understand it anymore
enter the #PRS_ORG# page
#EMAIL#
great #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: he enters the configuration screen, I can log in with the wifi network, date and time, he tries to make an update, but always gives an error
around 4 years
yes
is open
Brazilian Portuguese: please enter your email and password
I managed to get in
no books are found
several of them yes
last purchase was less than 1 month ago
is the same email that I sent you
not
yes
I purchased it using the device itself
I have an email from #PRS_ORG#,  #EMAIL#
I will check
yes what do I do
Brazilian Portuguese: right a moment
#NAME#, I can't log in with that email, it says no account found
I tried to log in by clicking the icon as you said, no option appeared to log in with the new account, I entered the link you had sent again, and it says that no account is found with that email.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
how do I do that?
the options that exist are, new tab, new window, and new anonymous window
right and then
Still don't have anything to tell me?
#NAME#, may I know why I can not complete the purchase of ebooks in #PRS_ORG#?
I was with #NAME# in chat but I was not told anything
#EMAIL#
High Land
I don’t use #PRS_ORG#
Can I use #PRS_ORG#?
But for that they had to provide me with the data for the payment and the situation would not be regularized
How do you find out?
But I don't know how to check that
And this problem has only started about a month ago
What will you need?
okay.
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
msg when I want to finalize the purchase is "OPs an error occurred"
#PRS_ORG#, without any message
How do you capture the screen?
I have already seen the message that appears and sent it before
It is a laptop with docking station.
Where do you see that?
Okay.
I'll wait.
Thank you.
I don't remember my login and password for #PRS_ORG# (I can't activate).
Perhaps there is some old account (that I do not remember), disconnected from #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactivate and rescue my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please, I'm out of options, totally stuck
my current email is #EMAIL# (in #PRS_ORG#).
In #PRS_ORG# I don't remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two books in english essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
Gone with the Wind - Margareth Mitchell
I can not access the #PRS_ORG# nor log in the #PRS_ORG# (I forgot the initial login, maybe an old and duplicate one)
Before logging out from #PRS_ORG#, I synched several times and it didn't download the last purchase from #PRS_ORG# - Then I logged out and I couldn't identify the old (and duplicate, I believe) login, nor the new one: by the email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that's the old one - I don't use this email anymore, it was #EMAIL#, it's inactive.
I need it to be the current culture: #EMAIL#
I did it now, and it doesn't recognize.
We could not find an account with that email or password.
Check if you typed it correctly."
that was the option I tried.
Brazilian Portuguese: he does not recognize the account
Brazilian Portuguese: didn't give either
Brazilian Portuguese: perhaps it would be better to unlink the old one, to leave it “unpolluted”.
I really like #PRS_ORG# and I intend to use it forever.
Brazilian Portuguese: hence, add 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
did it work out?
Thank you very much!!!
Thank you very much!!
For you too, a great day!!
I bought two ebooks and I don't know how to view them??
#EMAIL#
14/01/#NUMBER# ebooks Astral Body and Mental Body
I already downloaded it from the site, #URL# but I don't know how to access the ebook??
how do I do?
Can I start now?
Will the chat be unavailable?
Ape
A screen appears, but it does not have the NÃO option.
It is not a setup screen.
When I accessed the website #URL#, a screen appeared with the words: How can we help?
no, but the system directed me and I followed what you sent.
I intend to buy several ebooks from the same website.
If we can solve the problem it would be good for everyone...
This is the screen that appears
There is no option to choose NO.
He downloaded and I chose NAO
Is that right?
I click on exe?
He asks if I can let the app make changes?
Running the #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon was created.
Did it open a screen for login and create account??
The system says it didn't find an account or password...
Yes.
Gave as synchronization completed
Did you open a help page??
It is not opening the screen.
The two books appear, however when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open it??
Thank you #NAME#.
Good evening.
Good evening
I have owned a #PRS_ORG# for many years, it is asking for new setup and I can't.
What do I do?
I need to speak with someone.
Help me please old desperate (67a) Thank you.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, I was making the purchase O Conde de #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect to wi-fi and it recognizes as correct and then shows a page indicating a network error.
No way!
and to START the e-read.
Detail: I didn’t touch anything and didn’t do anything different than what I’ve been using for years.
I am a layman in “computer” how do I do it?
How do I begin?
I clicked
What is #NAME#?
Transfer now what?
It was done and now what?
There were 03 items: #PRS_ORG#(5) #PRS_ORG#(6) and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the download folder
I am a left zero in the computer.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" I think(?)
It opens as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I perform?
It is running
Finished and created a desktop shortcut.
I opened the program
Ok I did step 5
I can't do ANYTHING and #PRS_ORG# is totally anarchic.
I am more lost than I was.
It seems I've succeeded, I'm trying to access the #PRS_ORG#.
I am trying to log in with #PRS_ORG# and it doesn't recognize the email.
I can't, I'm running out of patience.
I'm old I HAVE TO CLEAR UP MY DOUBTS BY TALKING, I CAN'T TAKE IT.
PLEASE HOW DO I SOLVE MY PROBLEM .HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
You don't understand, you were born with the computer, I wasn't.
His teaching style is great for those who understand computers, but not in my case.
I thank you very much for your brilliant attention.
What you are doing is social exclusion.
Greetings
Do you want to help me?
say a phone number so that I can call and possibly fix the problems of the "blessed" device.
I do not change my mind: it is social exclusion.
One day you will feel what it is like to go through a similar situation.
I just requested the book Box trilogy o século
And a message appeared saying there was a problem with the card.
I repeated the purchase three times and the same message appeared.
However my card approved all purchases.
What do I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man who loved the dogs.
Where do I find this?
In #PRS_ORG#?
Why failed?
In relation to these failed requests, will they be cancelled?
#NAME#, can I do this procedure on my cellphone?
It is that I am not exactly a hacker, kkk
Good morning!
Brazilian Portuguese: N
My #PRS_ORG# is no longer working, I want to access my books through the app, but I do not remember the password and my email has changed.
How can I proceed to redeem my books?
the old email was #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: the current one is #EMAIL#
I think it was Sappiens do #NAME#
this
many others
all my books are on this account
see, I buy the books through #PRS_ORG# and they go into #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# pifou
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was from the company where I worked
I do not have that email anymore and when I put I forgot my password, the password goes to that email
I need the password to be sent to my email #EMAIL#
Can you help me?
thank you very much
it would be cool
Brazilian Portuguese: the login email stays as #EMAIL#
and I put I forgot the password
is that?
that
that's it, thank you!
shall I wait here?
ok
I already see it.
We were unable to find an account with that email or password.
Check if you typed correctly.
I put the password in and this msg came up
ok
ok
OK.
It worked
Brazilian Portuguese: it did not work
I am still without access.
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: it was the quw
hello
We couldn't find an account with this email address or password.
Check if you typed it correctly.
I sign in with #EMAIL#
I put in the password and it won't work
I will try with the #PRS_ORG#
now that I entered, where do I find the books?
I am on the website.
I didn't understand.
in the website
I will try here.
Thank you very much.
something called it again
thank you for your attention.
Hello, I was defining the billing address but there is no field to define the taxpayer number.
In this case, the invoice will not be valid.
Where can I set up the taxpayer number for buying books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
I am speaking with who?
In English it is VAT number
Brazilian Portuguese: there is no place to define this.
and to have an invoice it is mandatory to define the portuguese VAT number
okay, and how do I contact you?
Can I send the order to some email?
Yes, VAT in english is IVA in portuguese.
I noticed
yes, what's the email?
I am going to buy a book now and I am already trying to ask for a receipt.
If I can't, I ask you
2 minutes.
I finished the purchase.
but I need the invoice now
It seems that in the meantime I'm not talking to the same person anymore..
#NAME#, I spoke with your colleague earlier because I need an invoice and there was no place on the website to define the NIF
I then needed the invoice of the purchase I made
I just bought the book "Cronica de paixões e caprichos" by #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: you can send the invoice with the data:
Brazilian Portuguese: NIF/ VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: City and Postal Code: #ADDRESS#
Parents: Portugal
Thank you!
no, it's just
Good work!
Brazilian Portuguese: likewise!
#EMAIL#
I enrolled today.
I want to make the first purchase right now.
Hello
I am trying to make the purchase online but at the time of processing the screen freezes and the purchase is not processed
is this a chat?
I already tried to make the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, on my laptop and on my smartphone and even on the smartphone application.
the screen is always locked
I already tried it from the smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and this #PRS_ORG# laptop
Brazilian Portuguese: the laptop is personal
and the smartphone is personal too
I have no idea what VPN is
I already tried to make the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with my laptop and my smartphone and even on the smartphone app.
Brazilian Portuguese: if they have no solution Ok
it must be a problem of #PRS_ORG# since I have never had this problem before
I tried.
I deleted cookies and things like that.
and I tried to buy again
it was again blocked
they must be having a problem
in processing
credit card
I already tried with a #PRS_ORG# and with a #PRS_ORG#
I don't use #PRS_ORG#
considering all that I've already tried the problem must be with #PRS_ORG#
Okay
Okay.
Okay.
I am trying
still gagged
was blocked again.
when I go forward, some small bars start moving in a circular motion.
indefinitely
How do I switch to "anonymous mode"?
I have never had any difficulty buying online.
well... thank you for your attempts
Good, I tried everything but it didn't work
I think your website has a problem with processing payment.
good night
I will buy the audiobook on another site
I can't sync the account #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
Always says the password is incorrect, even though it is the same password I used to log in on the site #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I receive the message when I try to log in
Can
I replied to the e-mail
#NAME#
But it happens when I try to link the account
When I go to my account/authenticate account
The account login #PRS_ORG# opens and says that it is incorrent
Only a minute
I'm on the computer, that's why it's taking so long
I'm trying to capture the screen
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
there is no option to insert the culture login
when I click to link the account the login page of the account #PRS_ORG# opens
and then that error pops up
but the login that is giving the error is the one of #PRS_ORG#
you have seen this same error before when opening the application
Dear Sirs, my books have all disappeared from the ereader, what should I do?
#EMAIL#
I do not remember...
Another email that may have been used is:
#EMAIL#
Good morning to be born of #NAME#
It is a title: Livro = Good morning to be born
This book disappeared along with many others about #NUMBER# books
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yes I bought it now for testing, but I had more than #NUMBER# books...
Do you have any other way, #PRS_ORG# found all my books but they could not transfer them, they asked to contact you
all bought
Possible emails are:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL# (no longer have access)
Thank you...
What now?
I no longer have access to the last email.
I can LOGIN with #EMAIL# but only three books appear, I have to log in with the email that I don't have access to anymore: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but what about when he asks me for the password?
I haven’t used that email for many years...
You can transfer money to the account:
#EMAIL#?
OK then, I'll wait.
Thank you.
OK...
OK thank you very much, big hug...
Not at the moment.
Everything is ok.
Thank you very much, have a great weekend.
Goodbye and good luck...
I bought two books a few days ago on the #PRS_ORG# website, but the book does not open and gives me an error message: Opa!
That document cannot be opened.
There is likely a problem with your file.
(I have already synchronized and restarted the e-reader and it did not solve the problem)
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Delta of Venus (I bought it a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Venus delta and The house of the happy buddhas
I did not find item 5.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would the item be the logout?
I did not find exit.
OK
I'm figuring it out.
I'm not remembering the password
I will create a new one.
Then, it's just a matter of synchronizing?
Okay.
He directed me to log in to #PRS_ORG#
Ready.
I thought so.
You're logging into #PRS_ORG#
Does this mean that if I buy books in another site, I will need to do the same to be able to read them?
Okay.
To enter automatically only if I buy from #PRS_ORG#?
Everything is fine.
I was able to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations for your patience
Where can I make a compliment?
No.
Good night and happy life.
:) Thanks.
Good morning
I am having problems accessing a book that I just bought.
In the #PRS_ORG# program, neither on the computer nor on the mobile phone is it in the library.
#EMAIL#
today was  day 11/02/NUMBER#
exactly
I have downloaded the application from #PRS_ORG#, I have :) #PRS_ORG# on the computer and android on the smartphone
sure
Certainly.
already the book appears in the library
you are transferring money
yes it seems everything is right with the book in the android device
ok
yes I already have done it
My books are the library, right?
I clicked on the icon but nothing appears
I can't find any profile icon.
Brazilian Portuguese: no...
#PRS_ORG# logo and a search window
not
I'll send an image if I may?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Ok =)
I have already installed.
and I see that the last book is being downloaded automatically
thank you so much for the help =)
No, that’s it.
Thank you very much.
Hello, my #PRS_ORG# is not working correctly, the touch screen is not working.
#EMAIL#
One of the books I have on #PRS_ORG# is called 10% happier
no reaction at all
he normally turns on, is charging but no tones work on the screen
not even by connecting the computer is it possible to activate any command on the screen
right
ok
Brazilian Portuguese: only aura
I don’t have access to wifi.
ok
I am unable to remove the cap
Is that the back of #PRS_ORG#?
or a specific lid?
I'm trying to remove the cover on the bottom
apparently it is not possible to remove
It didn't get clearer, it's the same message
I am trying to open the back part but it's very hard.
I don't want to force.
right
How should I proceed to see the possibility of replacement?
he was purchased in #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It's alright.
Brazilian Portuguese: yes
thank you
I am unable to open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your app and it still does not work.
He says he is synchronising and does not come out of it
Good afternoon.
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
I only have one ebook
I bought it on Friday
Introduction to industrial organization
Zip code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
what is the profile icon
I already did.
The ebook is in my account.
It has always been there!
I can't open it
I have already done all this and it did not work.
To whom can I address a complaint and ask for a refund.
A message appeared saying: Sync is complete
Brazilian Portuguese: and now?
How do I open the book???
It has already opened.
Very bad service!
No.
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/09/#NUMBER#
endgame
My #PRS_ORG# screen occasionally freezes, it is happening at the moment, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens
endgame
the screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes from time to time, it happens at the moment, no matter how many times I switch it off and restart it doesn't do anything
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect to the desktop application to make updates, but as the screen is locked I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the PC
today itself
spent the morning charging
I'll try.
I am already at the part of the instructions to configure
The problem is that however much I touch the screen, I can't do anything
it seems that the screen sensor does not work
correct
Is there no arrangement possible?
unfortunately the #PRS_ORG# is no longer under warranty
Portuguese: it is always when it ends that problems arise
and a partner like #PRS_ORG# will not be able to find one?
Brazilian Portuguese: to remain the same or worse (if that is possible) it is better not
My #PRS_ORG# is #PRS_ORG#, of those now on sale which one will be the closest?
What was the discount you talked about?
would there be a time limit to use the discount?
Brazilian Portuguese: if it doesn't matter, thanks
When choosing the device I want, how do I receive the discount code?
do I have to contact you again?
ok
Thank you.
same here!
I made a purchase of a book yesterday (10/2/21), and after syncing my #PRS_ORG# several times, it's not loaded on my device.
The order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me some guidance?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- #PHONENUMBER#)
This above: #EMAIL#
But I have another one that may be listed in the directory: #EMAIL#
Was some data missing?
Because I received an email confirming it.
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: option #PRS_ORG#?
I made logout and now, when I log in, it says that I need to "Log in with #PRS_ORG#" - is that it?
The purchased book appeared, but many previously purchased books disappeared.
How do I access them?
They were books bought by the #PRS_ORG# site.
But then do I have to keep switching between the #PRS_ORG# login and the #PRS_ORG# store?
okay
I forgot the password for #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it - sorry.
I just tried to access and this page appeared:
A #PRS_ORG# account already exists with this email.
Linking the accounts allows you to access all the books in My Books.
- there is an option to connect via #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG#.
I haven't done anything so far.
Brazilian Portuguese: there is the option to "skip" the page.
ok
Jump?
I understood that it was supposed to jump before I left and ended up logging into the account of # PRS_ORG # - but I think it worked because I appreciate the previous books and the book bought yesterday.
Question: if I buy again from the store #PRS_ORG# will it happen again (do I have to switch login)?
Understood.
Last question: is there the possibility of me only finding an item in the store #PRS_ORG# and not in #PRS_ORG#?
I ask this because when I was buying the book, I couldn't find it in the bookstore in principle, but only in the #PRS_ORG# store.
But now I saw that it's also on the bookstore's website (maybe I made some mistake on the search).
Brazilian Portuguese: OK.
Thank you very much for your attention and kindness.
Good day.
Hello I sent a link request to recover my password and to date I have not received anything in my email
#EMAIL#
I bought an e-book today.
09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello
Yes
I forgot my password
Yes
What should I do after I enter #PRS_ORG#?
Alright.
I already achieved that.
But I have two other doubts.
Can you help me?
Actually, three.
The first doubt is if I change my phone will I be able to install the #PRS_ORG# app again, only with the #PRS_ORG# password?
Or do I need a password from #PRS_ORG#?
The second doubt is this email I have linked to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was instructed to create a private email for my personal accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Okay for the first question.
My third question is that I accidentally removed the e-book that I bought and I can't recover it anymore.
Is it still possible to recover this book?
*I removed an e-book
Second doubt: because of that I am trying to get into the #PRS_ORG# site and because I don't remember the password, I can't change my email.
Can you help me?
In summary I need to reset the #PRS_ORG# password to change my account email and try to recover a book that I accidentally removed.
Brazilian Portuguese: *alterar
I'm on the phone.
Is it possible to do this operation without a pc?
Brazilian Portuguese: * without a
But I know my password from #PRS_ORG#
I can only do this later.
I am now on the mobile phone only.
What time does this chat service work?
Okay.
I will get in touch as soon as I get home.
Thank you.
I can't make purchases using a #PRS_ORG# card associated with my account, getting an error from the server
#EMAIL#
I still haven't been able to make any purchases
Am I offline?
None, I just tried to make purchases with the card, which I could not do.
The books I tried to buy are in the shopping cart.
The message is, in short, an error on the server, to try again later.
It is the message that before this contact was informed by you.
Brazilian Portuguese: A server error in the purchases with card #PRS_ORG# to try again later.
According to your information, the problem had already been solved, which did not happen.
To do this I had to leave the chat, which seems to not be advisable.
I'll try.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
There was a problem and we were unable to load this page at the moment.
Please try again later.
Do you want to keep seeing this message?
Go to #URL#
I've already tried but it doesn't work because I can't upload the image, but that's the message I receive
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
That was the best I could do.
Exactly, with #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with #PRS_ORG#, which I do not use anymore.
I only receive the message when I try to make the purchase.
I already tried to buy the books one by one and the result was the same
Anonymous, how?
I still don't know how to open an anonymous window
OK, what's next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, and since I am unable to make any purchase at the moment, please let me know if the anomaly is temporary or is indeed mine, or any other procedure I need to carry out.
Grateful
I already appreciate all the support and I hope I don’t regret being a client of #PRS_ORG#.
Thank you very much.
Continuing a good work
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG#, THEY ENTERED MY PHONE BUT NOT IN #PRS_ORG#, HOW CAN I DO
#EMAIL#
FEBRUARY 12
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
They are 7 books. Hidden Star, Maybe someday, Behind your eyes, Shadows of a summer, Do you remember me, A place in the heart, The disappearance of #NAME#
E-reader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Conectando last synchronization at 29/01/21
You can't leave this screen
They came in,, Thank you
Yes
Yes.
Thanks for the help.
Perfect
No.
Everything's okay.
Have a good day
Hello.
I have the #PRS_ORG# app on my tablet and I am logged into #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account in #PRS_ORG#.
Each account has a specific password.
I bought an ebook on the #PRS_ORG# but I don't know how to download it on the tablet app.
#EMAIL#.
On the tablet, I only have one book sample downloaded this month.
In #PRS_ORG#, I made the first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#).
okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
I did it.
Only the sample I downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# store appears in the main screen.
The purchased ebook is not visible in #PRS_ORG#.
As the #PRS_ORG# account is new, the problem might be linked to the fact that the two accounts - the bookstore's and #PRS_ORG# - are not linked.
Same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a copy in PDF.
Yes, that is the title.
Okay, the book has been included.
Thank you.
At the moment it's just me.
Thank you again.
Okay.
Good morning.
I bought a book and it was discounted 4 times from my card
ok
Good evening.
#EMAIL#
18/02/#NUMBER#
ok
this
in the statement there are 4 transactions listed.
I did not even get to enjoy the product because the purchase was just made.
I would like to cancel the purchase
please
The magic of time management
From #NAME#
I can't, since it appears on my husband's cell phone
The bank app is not named mobile
And I am accessing by computer
I would like the cancellation of my purchase by insured right in the consumer protection code please
If I change screens, will it close the chat?
I am from the legal area and I am recording everything that is being discussed
If I change the tab, will the conversation close?
If you don't end the conversation, I'll try to send it now
Only a moment
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
There were 5 transactions.
Two were cancelled and three were carried out.
It's the most I can send you
I don't have access to the bank account
I want a refund of only one charge, not all of them
I don’t want the product, as is my right as a customer
Okay
Thank you
It's great.
Only.
Thank you very much #NAME#!!
Equally!
Good day,
I just bought an ebook #NAME#.
When I enter my account, in the option of purchase history, my product appears, but my product doesn't appear in my library... how to solve this?
#EMAIL#
19 Feb #NUMBER#
okay.
if you check my library, you can see that the product is not appearing
but it is in my purchase history
I am trying to read on my computer #PRS_ORG#
the other books in my library, I read normally
Brazilian Portuguese: this one in particular "DOESN'T APPEAR IN MY LIBRARY"
in the internet
more so if he appears in the list of purchased products... because he doesn't appear in my library...
#NUMBER# years
Brazilian Portuguese: and more, what does this have to do...
ah good...
ah yes...
Brazilian Portuguese: I just wanted to understand
how does it appear in my purchase history with you
could you please provide me the product Id in #PRS_ORG# so I can contact the partner
so it's fine then...
Thank you!!
it was, yes, but I always buy there
not very thank you!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good day,
I recently purchased a #PRS_ORG#, however I am unable to connect it to my computer.
It just begins to load without any options for connecting.
Best regards,
#NAME#
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and I've tried it on more than one computer
yes
home page
4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I am doing what I am recommending
I did not see anything to connect to the computer and it is still the same...
the home page, where there is a symbol saying it is loading
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: and it continues the same way...
nothing shows up
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try to set it up it says to connect to the device when it is already connected
Yes
nd...
n, but thanks just the same
thanks and likewise
Good evening, I am having problems with processing the payment.
Good evening I am having problems processing the payment
#EMAIL#
No purchases have been made so far
Hello?
But this process has been carried out many times before
It appears that the information is correct and the transaction shows as "Transaction in progress", but suddenly the loading stops and it goes back to the shopping cart
Okay
Right now I am trying to make the purchase again
The situation remains the same
The system assumes the transaction but returns to the shopping cart
Go through the whole process again?
But I just did it
I will let it be thank you for the help but it seems nothing really solves it
Initially I was doing the process in the E-Reader application, as it did not work I moved to the #PRS_ORG# browser in incognito mode.
Brazilian Portuguese: And it continues the same way
I will do it and try again
No.
Continue in the same way
I did a cleanup of cookies and cache, and on the checkout I entered the payment information again
Brazilian Portuguese: continues to return to the shopping cart without completing the transaction
I'm doing this on #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
On the mobile device, I made the attempts through the #PRS_ORG# app.
That's alright
It is not just this problem.
I will wait for a response to the situation.
I appreciate your attention
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# stopped calling
#EMAIL#
I don't know
Brazilian Portuguese: the device does not turn on
turns on the screen light.
Brazilian Portuguese: the switch light blinks and nothing happens
Don't connect to the computer
does not do manual restoration...
#PRS_ORG#
already, but nothing happened...
I already tried it with the device connected to the power supply and nothing happened.
also connected to the computer's usb... nothing happened
I think this is the email
#EMAIL#
it was this email, since the other one is professional and I have it for a short time
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Many years ago
at least 5 years
Despite clicking on the button for a long time, it never completely turns off the screen, always staying with the logo #PRS_ORG#.
It never gets black or gives any other image
When I let go the button the only thing it does is blink the light of the button, the screen lights up and... nothing happens...
at this moment it is connected to the usb port of the computer and I am pressing the h+ button more than a minute and nothing happens
Brazilian Portuguese: okay.
How do I synchronize/configure the #PRS_ORG# glo with my computer?
#EMAIL#
I do not remember, it was saved, but I bought it on eme el #NUMBER#
I had to reset the #PRS_ORG# , and now it does not configure by computer and nor by wifi
in wifi it starts and after the error
already on the computer it only loads
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it does not recognize the #PRS_ORG#
this
before it worked perfectly
yes, I tried it on all 6 doors and an old notebook
Brazilian Portuguese: he only loads
I changed the cable too.
when I put it in the computer it asks me to download the #PRS_ORG# desktop
only q does not recognize it
I just tried on the desktop, I even made a new account and it asks me to connect the cable, I changed the port and it keeps saying the same error
how do i do that factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: he does not leave this screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
if I return to the screen it asks me to choose the language
I have no way to do the reset like this
ok!
Brazilian Portuguese: so he is on this setup screen and it still keeps giving a network error and connects to the micro just to charge
#NAME#
in #NUMBER#
worse than he is not there, I tried until I put the clip in the reset hole
and freezes the screen
but thanks for the help, I'll keep looking for a solution
Brazilian Portuguese: ok! just that
thank you
I bought the book #NAME# but did not receive it in #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: request #PHONENUMBER#-01
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# cinnamon and clove
#NAME# cinnamon and clove
I can only see four episodes
Pre visualization
ios
Brazilian Portuguese: the book that appears [and PRE-VISUALIZACAO
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
The book downloaded on #PRS_ORG# has only 4 chapters, 2 in the first part and 2 in the second part.
THEREFORE, IT IS INCOMPLETE.
Does logout mean "end session"?
Brazilian Portuguese: leave.
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: leave and return
the book gabriela remains incomplete
sai
Brazilian Portuguese: goes out
I'm saying it leaves,
I'm doing it now.
Can I?
I logged back in
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#.
I did it with option #PRS_ORG#.
I am
I logged in with the Livraria Cultura login and the book #NAME# is still unavailable
I'm checking.
It seems to have worked.
thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you and have a happy time.
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: request number: already #PHONENUMBER# and I still can't read it.
Only the sample is appearing, it is not releasing the entire book.
#EMAIL#
23/02/#NUMBER#
ok
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: always access qdo compro facilmente
but this time this book only allows me to read the sample and does not release all the items
#PRS_ORG#
ONLY THIS BOOK THAT I BOUGHT TODAY EARLY IS GIVING THIS PROBLEM: THE MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
REQUEST #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
THERE IS ANOTHER #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Lupa da Alma, the end of Alzheimer's, Nietzsche today
Brazilian Portuguese: yes you can.
But what about the future purchases I make, is this problem going to happen again?
thank you for the guidance
how do I do it
Yes
I already played it
that the book I bought isn't there any more
can I put it back on the library shelf?
ok I'm waiting
Perfeito deu certo.
Thank you very much for your attention and have a great work day
My #PRS_ORG# was reset and all books bought (except one) as well as the PDF files disappeared.
How to solve this?
Good morning!
The email is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order number #PHONENUMBER#
Okay, great day for you too.
There is another email, to which the receipt of the above request was sent: #EMAIL#
#PHONENUMBER#
A moment, please
I'm a bit confused, but it's the #PRS_ORG#, which I found under "About #PRS_ORG#"
I found
#EMAIL#
Let's go: 1. How do I log out of the #PRS_ORG# account and where: on the #PRS_ORG# or on the computer?
; 2. how can I sign up with a new email?
Sorry, but I am not very versed in these modernities
I am connected to WiFi, but I don't remember how I configured it, although I think it would be easier by computer
I am configuring by #PRS_ORG#
Then I get to a page that says: Log in with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it is visible but nothing happens when I click on it
Now I have returned.
Since the network went down, I don't know if you are online
Hello!
I bought some ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# website and they didn't appear on the #PRS_ORG# app.
I checked "my books" inside my account on #PRS_ORG# and it only lists the books I had already purchased.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: today, 27/2, if not, 14/2
no
It's okay.
THE SECRET OF MY HEAD WRAP
#NAME#
OR   THE DUTCH HOUSE
was another title
Brazilian Portuguese: one of, because none of the ones I bought showed up
there were 6 in total
All books I have ever bought have been through this account, either via #PRS_ORG# or other #PRS_ORG# (website)
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: yeah, hold on a minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, of course
clear
That's right.
yes
this
Of course, it is this very one
correct
Yes
1 minute
no, it is not this one
#URL#
A moment
It only has 1 left that I bought right after that, I'll send you the invoice
I did receive it, thank you very much.
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
that
Do you know why you did not enter directly into #PRS_ORG#?
They are all available!!!!
Thank you very much!
:)
empty it?
I didn’t understand
Ah, yes, I understood.
Thank you very much and have a nice day!
I understand.
Thank you very much :)
Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive the email to reset my access password.
My email address is #NAME#.
I placed the order through the website and the email doesn't arrive, it's not in the spam or junk mail.
I tried to access it on the Livraria Cultura website and it says that there are two accounts with the same email.
I had an old book in my inventory that I want to get back.
Thank you.
It has been a long time since I last went shopping. A very long time.
The book I was looking for was by Patrick O'oneal, if I'm not mistaken, "the surgeon's Mate"
Yes, I tried through the #PRS_ORG# access and through the direct access of #PRS_ORG#.
But it says that there are two accounts with the same email.
I choose the option #PRS_ORG# in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
The message appears and does not let me go on.
I have another email, can you check if it is possible?
Brazilian Portuguese: the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access.
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: it rejects the address, "Missing city information".
Brazilian Portuguese: and there is no field to put the city...
Is there a specific format?
Even selecting Brazil in the first place.
A Chrsitmas Carol
ok, it appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
If you could forward the request to the higher level to check if they can do something about it with my other account, I would appreciate it.
Okay, thank you very much for the excellent service.
Hello, I received an email saying that I am going to lose my credits if I don’t pay for #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I already requested and they already blocked my account because of the comorbidity and because the doctor forbade me to go to the gym.
How do I do it?
I'm waiting for a reply.
I understand but why charge if my account is blocked
i got this email
Hello I missed the chat here
Hello, next, as I have comorbidity I sent a request for my account to be blocked.
And in the meantime I changed my card and they tried to charge it and they said they would make me lose the credit
I can not go back to the gym or sport for medical recommendation
I need my account to remain blocked
OK, but will they be charged?
Brazilian Portuguese: because I can't go to the gym
I need a lock put on - I can't go into enclosed spaces
by medical order
i #NAME#,
Thank you for contacting us about this and I apologize for any frustration here.
You should have received an email on October 29 notifying you that your subscription was cancelled on November 5.
Sorry if this slipped your notice!
Under the circumstances, I was able to place your account back on an effective pause immediately for that cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of R$189 was refunded to your payment method on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method may take longer to process.
However, you should see that money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thank you for your patience!
Since your cycle date is the 5th of every month, I was also able to put your account on hold for your next cycle starting December 5th.
Your membership will renew again on January 5th #NUMBER# for the 30 credits/month plan at $189/month.
You can make changes to your account at any time directly through your Account Settings.
I hope that helps and please let me know if you have any other questions.
Sincerely,
#NAME#.
this email that I received when I explained my situation
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Hello #NAME#, good evening
I did a zumba class at 7:30 p.m. today at the gym #PRS_ORG#, but the credits were not computed for the gym.
Brazilian Portuguese: the class is marked as canceled.
Could you please debit the credits from my account for the gym?
When did that change?
Because on Tuesday it happened the same thing and they regularized it with #PRS_ORG#
But the reservation was canceled at the time of the class.
Probably this happened because the manager didn't send the link earlier but I'm already part of the group on #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened twice and it all went well through the chat.
The school is in a different country from mine, I can't make the financial transfer to the school.
could someone help me?
Hello, how are you?
Could you help me?
could you help me?
Another question: if I don't like it and cancel it before the 14 days free, it won't be recharged on my credit card, right?
hello
I am up to review
could you transfer to a brazilian attendent?
Could I attend in Portuguese, pls?
Brazilian Portuguese: rs
but I want to choose another rate/value....dor less credits
I know that there is a smaller plan that costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Portuguese.
helloooo
just appear an option
for 15 credits
Brazilian Portuguese: correct
#NAME?, Brazil.
I need help.
Is that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on mu login appers 14 days free
#NAME#, I have already been here for a while and I am not able to solve it...rs
I wanted to reactivate my plan
but automatically it is set to #NUMBER#
and I wanted to reactivate for #NUMBER# 15 credits
Could you help me out?
another doubt:
am I entitled to the 14 days free benefits?
in my login it appears
I can't change the cycle
Do you understand?
Brazilian Portuguese: it is automatically filled in with #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: it can
Brazilian Portuguese: one min
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: segue
thank you
Hello, how are you doing?
Can I only see the values if I reactivate my subscription?
Hello, sorry.
May we return to chat?
Hello #NAME#.
How are you?
I wanted to analyze all the plans of #PRS_ORG# x values
but I can't on the website...
Do I need to sign up for the trial for a few days to be able to access this information?
OK.
Thank you so much!
puts
I haven't managed to clear my doubt yet
Can you help me?
I would like to reactivate
my account at this time
but only mentions the automatic renewal of 30 credits...
I would like 15
can you see for me how many credits a gym modability charges for registration?
for me to have an idea of how much I have to sign?
The studio I am talking about is the #PRS_ORG#
can you see that?
thank you very much
It would be massage session at the #PRS_ORG# gym located in Campo Belo.
our
All this.
lol
And to change the automatic pre-payment of my renewal.
I saw that I can have 14 days for free and 10 credits...
In Brazilian Portuguese: Can I cancel up until when without charge?
How much time before can I cancel for no penalty?
hello!
I would like to take a break from my plan.
could you help, please?
hello good
I would like to take a break from my subscription
I have 25 credits to spend still
but I don't want to renew my cycle just yet
Is it possible to use these credits even with the pause in the subscription, right?
Great!
and I won't be charged during that period, right?
It can be!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits I have?
I understood.
I can give a break for R$25, right?
I don't want R$#NUMBER# to be charged from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
then I would like to know the best option so that I can spend these credits and cancel the account later
I am on this page.
but the only option is one for R$35.00
the other person who was helping me sent me the following msg:
Now that state restrictions have been lifted and billing has resumed, we are no longer offering the 1-month free pause plan as a plan change option in your subscription settings.
However, you may continue to interrupt your subscription under our monthly 0 "credits accesses + digital" / "digital + credits accesses" credits at the monthly subscription plan 0 for R$25 #NUMBER# months.
Can you change it to me so that it's charged at only $25.00, please?
I understood!
So he keeps charging me the $25.00 until I cancel the subscription, right?
okay!
If I make this change today, it will not be charged #NUMBER#, but 25.00, right?
ta otimo
thank you!
no, that was it!
the same to you!
I wanted to know the plans
Hello,
I noticed that I'm being charged on my credit card.
I have never used it, I would like to cancel it and be refunded for the months that I was unfairly charged for.
hello
I want you to cancel the charges on my credit card immediately.
I want to be reimbursed for the months I was charged wrongly
I will sue them.
no.
I downloaded the app, I didn't use it and I canceled it
you charged unduly
without my authorization.
I don't want credits
I want them to stop charging
and I want them to return the money
was charged incorrectly
Brazilian Portuguese: nor did the app I had more
i closed my account before using it
I've never used any classes.
I am unsatisfied, I want to cancel and I want the money they charged me back that was not owed.
Yes.
thank you
who am I talking to?
#NAME#
In addition to the prints of this conversation, I would like to record the agreement by email.
Brazilian Portuguese: a week, right?
Brazilian Portuguese: on February 1st of #NUMBER# you will make the refund, correct?
I already have a copy.
I want an email from you saying what was agreed here.
#EMAIL#
saying that they have canceled and will refund
Do you have my account?
ok, thanks a lot!
everything is fine!
it does not help at all, I will save the email and the receipts.
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: good day to you too!
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi, good night.
How can I cancel?
Hello #NAME#!
Good afternoon.
Do you speak protugues?
Any phone for contact?
I want to hire and I have some doubts
Do you offer a personal plan?
Create an individual account (personal)
Any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - Rio de Janeiro - Brazil?
I couldn't find it on the website.
It's not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
what a pity
niteroi
I am in Brazil.
It seems like there isn't, but I thank you a lot for your attention
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving unauthorized charges to the credit card
the charge is coming in the #PRS_ORG# card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
just have this email
The charge was made on card #NUMBER#, as sent in the photos
That card was canceled, but I still keep getting charged
What email did we send it to?
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving unauthorized charges on the credit card
the charge is coming to the #PRS_ORG# card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous attendant informed me that this email is related to the phone number, right?
But it wasn't taken into account with you
Okay, please proceed with the cancellation and the refund process
arrange the refund process*
Just wait then?
Ok, the money will go directly into the bank account?
Since the card is cancelled.
But if the card was canceled, how will the refund be made?
Should I verify this issue with the card issuer?
Ok, thanks
For now, that’s all, thank you so much.
Good morning
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the trial period
I am fine.
#PRS_ORG# charge me after the experience period
Okay
Option 3
I tried to cancel via the app but it's showing an error
Will the #NUMBER# in my invoice be refunded?
How do I only change my plan, in this case for #NUMBER# reais?
I would like to refund #NUMBER# reais and only use 99 reais
It is giving an error
Do you have a phone that can talk to you??
Not yet
I just want to change my plan, and receive a refund of #NUMBER# reais
Ok
If I choose the plan for $9.99/month, can I buy credits separately?
In case you miss a class
Okay
Put me on the lowest plan (99/month) and refund part of the charge from what was billed on the card statement
I have been going to a gym, and my name has not gone into the system.
I made a request for this
Do you know if this matter has been solved?
My yoga - #NAME#
Ok
I will contact the studio
Thank you.
Good morning
We need budget for benefits to our customers.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# is it possible to set up a meeting to discuss this
#NAME#
It has a telephone cantata
how can we schedule a meeting
Good day #NAME#.
I need a budget or schedule a meeting to benefit our customers
