Hello!
One of the books I bought is not opening for reading anymore.
When I click it to read, it closes the app.
It's the only book that this is happening to.
EMAIL
The exact date I don't remember, but it was last week, if I'm not mistaken.
I can't leave here to confirm
Brazilian Portuguese: The discourse of the image
NAME-N
Ok
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M.
To start off, could you please introduce yourself?
NAME-M 😎
I enter a match and when I or the opponent leaves the game I am redirected and kicked out of the game.
In all game modes
I don't know if it is a disconnect because I already am like this since 4 am
I was making swaps on the buddies
Yes
Because of the swaps in the friendly games I was making a golden goal
I was missing 2 goals and an assist from deep.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, can you tell me your name please?
Yes sir
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm fine.
I've been having a few issues with the PRS-ORG game related to reward bugs
With the new event that is happening, it shows that I already completed it and I can redeem all the rewards
But I'm stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly.
I sent the photos
When I do the missions it already shows that I have completed them all, yet I find myself still in ALPHANUMERICID
Alright
Thank you very much.
This problem is making me kind of mad, because the rewards of the event are very good rewards and I cannot get them back because of this problem
All right, then
I thought it was only me and felt a bit better knowing that you guys have been working on fixing that
I am much calmer, I did not want to lose the items from that event kk
No, thank you very much
Good Day NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
And now I can't change it to English
Brazilian Portuguese: English*
I didn't find any settings in the game or on PRS-ORG
Thank you
EMAIL
kkkkkk but that there already is obvious friend
I thought I would have another way to change without the need of downloading again 8GB of the game
But I imagined that there would be no other way
Thank you anyway
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Good evening, my PRS-ORG is not allowing me to use the Career Mode, and it is not showing the archives when I open the game.
it is always as if it were the first time
I have to choose team control and play that match
already uninstalled it 3 times but the problem continues
I saw tips to change from assisted to semi assisted it works at first but when I restart the game the bug comes back
I lose my game save
every time I have to start over
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello, my brother made an PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG on my account by mistake.
He deceived me, but I was hurt because he sent the players of my team.
Would it be possible to bid for the players again?
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Yes, if it were possible, because it was a mere mistake from my younger brother.
I apologize again.
EMAIL
It's my dad's mail because I've been playing PRS-ORG in this account for a long time
And at that time I did not even have an email.
If it could be staffed it would be more convenient.
Thanks in any case.
Rest of good night!
Hi guys, good morning.
I checked now that my 300 bonus has not been entered, poxa I did not know that it had to be in games above 1.80, I lost because I was betting everything, thinking I would have the bonus, there would be no way to release it?
D:
Sorry, I didn't see that it had to be above 180
I saw it when I went to request it
I made a 300 euro deposit to be able to play calmly.
she knew she would get the bonus
what if I lost?
I made a slightly safer bet and lost, I requested and it didn't go through
Thank you dear.
Holy cow, no.
Thank you.
I thought you could make an exception
alias it was 300 né
please
Don’t you see?
with the staff there.
Everything is fine then
Until next time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Well.
However I’m having trouble logging my PRS-ORG mobile account into my browser.
Yes
Yes
Always when I try to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears.
I would like more information about this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening!
My name is NAME-F
I can't find the mods folder of the PRS-ORG, I've already launched the game and the folder didn't get created.
i used to have personalized contents before, I had to format my notebook and NAME-M brought all contents back
But there is no mods folder.
When I enter the game several custom content appear but the folder does not exist
That, the folder doesn't exist
I have already entered where it is necessary in PRS-ORG games, the PRS-ORG and there is no folder after
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin, may I have your name, please?
NAME-F
Good evening.
I can't play The PRS-ORG because my PRS-ORGs are completely out of focus.
The support told me to use PRS-ORG First Name Last Name but it didn't work.
I also renamed The PRS-ORG folder to The PRS-ORG Old and loaded the game to create a new folder, but it didn't fix the problem.
I wanted to be able to play, but PRS-ORG appears out of focus (the scenario does not)
I was using them, but since they were not working, I deactivated and deleted them
Without mods the problem is the same
It doesn't work, PRS-ORG becomes completely blurry
No mods are there
I have already tried it and it did not solve it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, please, may I have your name?
Look at this, this is the PRS-ORG server going down all the time today because
it wasn't like that
something is happening that we don't know
now the game doesn't work again
brazilian Portuguese: the pleasure and our in knowing lo
you can now access ALPHANUMERICID
Brazilian Portuguese: looks it's not working
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I would like you to clarify to me how is it possible that your technicians can not find a solution for my simple problem
I don't have access to the PRS-ORG market on the web app
Only on the web app
And I already saw what you recommend doing
I did it, I waited and nothing.
And they say that there is no possible resolution?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
good night
I am having problems with my game
I have been trying to solve for a while and it does not resolve the problem with my game
Brazilian Portuguese: and I would like to refund him
but it has passed the start time for the game the first time
but I didn't even get to play the game
because the game only gets as far as the menu screens
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
First off, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-F
So, I am trying to play my PRS-ORG (Full Edition) and now that I have run it on the PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG says my system does not support Alphanumeric ID games and advises me to contact the developer so that the game can be updated and I can continue playing.
That’s why I’m here asking for this help.
My account email is EMAIL
Yes, I am aware after researching.
But my contact is a request for the PRS-ORG to update the game for more current systems
Thank you, NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I can’t download the PRS-ORG
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG was not able to download your game.
Check your internet connection and try again.
other games do not have this error
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Good night.
My name is NAME-F
I hope that you are doing well too:)!
I downloaded the PRS-ORG again and it is in English, I remember when I played it on the other computer it was in Portuguese
Unfortunately I couldn’t find the settings
Would you be able to tell me how to set up the PRS-ORG in Portuguese?
Yes, I can’t access the PRS-ORG in Portuguese
Thank you for your help.
Oh, thank you very much!
Do you know if this will have any forecast?
Or if the change of language will be automatic?
Thank you very much.
That’s just it.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
I have a PRS-ORG and play PRS-ORG
I would like to play the PRS-ORG draft mode, but I do not have enough PRS-ORG points to enter and cannot buy them
What can I do?
Yes
And getting normal coins is very hard because it has been a long time dps
Difícil viu, there is no other way to access the mode
I noticed the servers are going to go down on the 14th
What will happen after that
Basically there won't be any way to play this mode anymore, right?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG I can't open packs because the store is unavailable for any type of purchase
Even msm packs you win by completing initial missions
There's no way to open them
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Hello my PRS-ORG is blocked
I can't get in without knowing what's happening.
I did nothing against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait.
I will check.
Yes
The computer has a bunch, NAME-N.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I need help after more or less 2 months that I bought the PRS-ORG and now it's free!
I need help, I have had several problems with the game that has been freezing a lot and now this loss!
I would like to request that you consider me
I bought ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year and just noticed it is free
I just spoke with them and they said it's up to you.
Brazilian Portuguese: now it appears that I am going to be cast aside
I would like the help of someone
Brazilian Portuguese: about the case
yes, but I paid for it and now everyone has it for free
Brazilian Portuguese: ok, I understand your position, I am not satisfied and I am very sorry about this position.
The game is available for free, for all subscribers and me paying for the same.
thank you for your attention and sorry for bothering you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
Good morning NAME-F, everything alright?
my name and NAME-M
I would like to see help with the situation that I am having with my PRS-ORG
i'm fine too, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: then, the following happens
ever since I bought the PRS-ORG I can't play a match without having some problem related to performance, the FPS falls all the time and when it drops to less than 60 the game starts to crash
I have already tried to follow several tips on the internet on what to do to solve this and nothing worked, not even the second update patch that was supposed to correct problems of this kind as it was in the description, and I don't know what else to do, but one thing is certain, I can't play.
I even tried to ask for a refund from PRS-ORG but since it had already passed more than two hours (two hours trying to make the game work) they did not accept.
and I don't know what else to do, and it's impossible to play any game mode\
hello?
i believe that i already went through all these processes and the problem persists
not to mention the silence of the PRS-ORG about these issues and a future update to fix it
because I don't know what to do anymore.
all right, I will do it
but let's agree that if the PRS-ORG releases a patch it will take a good few months ne_
Brazilian Portuguese: and if it works
but thanks for the help
No, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
good afternoon
my name is NAME-M
I am having problems opening the packages that I won
at the store
thank you
are 4 packages ok?
There is an info about a connection and login problem.
I also already tried it through the app and nothing.
ok
okay.
I'll wait.
anything i will contact again
Thank you very much.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: How can I buy the PRS-ORG game to give it as a gift?
In this case, a code so the person can download the game to their PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy there do I have a link that I can offer?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Portuguese: oi
good evening
I just downloaded the game.
By PRS-ORG games
I am not able to change the language of the PRS-ORG
yes
I can't
is he in english
It's just a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
hello my name is NAME-M
I wanted to  add my PRS-T6 to my PC.
how does it work?
ok
obg
awww
okay
obg
No Brazilian Portuguese: nn
obg
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hi well, I hope you too, let's move on to my problem, before I played ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG platform, then I bought PRS-ORG and another PRS-ORG, the game works fine, the only problem is that I can't play with my friends online, they also have the PRS-ORG.
My registered email is:
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: ID: NAME-N
I have already tried everything I know, and I have spoken with other staff via chat, but they could not help me.
This one, I cannot play the online mode with my friends.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First off, can you introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG reimbursement
I had a negative experience
regarding the performance on my computer
the app crashes too much
and it wasn't what I expected
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, could you please introduce yourself?
Hi NAME-N!
Here is the NAME-F
I need help accessing my PRS-ORG account. The code is not arriving to my email
A code has just arrived haha
Thanks for your attention NAME-N!
No, it was just that!
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
my name and NAME-M as NAME-M
Good afternoon.
everything is alright
Brazilian Portuguese: I am well thanks for asking.
so my PRS-T3 isn't starting up.
I would like to unlink my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
I think the error is this
Brazilian Portuguese: right
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: check if and if so please
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm doing good, how about you?
I would like to change the email that is on my PRS-ORG account
How could I do this?
However, when I send a security code to my email to make the exchange, the message doesn’t come through.
I am not receiving the emails from PRS-ORG
that's right
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please introduce yourself?
my name is NAME-N
I'd like to transfer the account that I have recently disassociated from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I disassociated myself from that user thinking I would be safe in PRS-ORG, but when I opened it again I had lost the account
basically i wanted to transfer my progress from the prs-org account to another user
and I ended up detaching from PRS-ORG
and I can't log in the account any more
when I open PRS-ORG with PRS-ORG
he was linked to another PRS-ORG account
And a completely new progress appears
I would like to transfer the progress from this PRS-ORG account to another
Brazilian Portuguese: the progress of the PRS-ORG only
How can I continue?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I had an account at prs-org, which was deleted by someone else
my account has been deleted
I had the game of the PRS-ORG there with the code: ALPHANUMERICID
I need help to recover my account
EMAIL
I need help to recover the account
it's been a while since you played and I guess you have been kicked out or banned
yes
EMAIL
but that was the e-mail I used
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon, I made the withdrawal yesterday at 00h and it didn't go through, I contacted you, and the attendant said there was a delay in the payment, but that she would ask the responsible sector to go ahead and pay me, but when I entered my account just now, the withdrawal was returned to my amulet account, what happened?
NAME-N to withdraw again?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N: Sem-títuloz.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: URL
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F what do you reply me in email
right
yes
but why was it cancelled
this is what I want to know
Do I make the withdrawal again?
then it is not my mistake
everything is ok with my account, correct?
no
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I get your name please?
NAME-M
Yes
Since yesterday's update, I have not been able to log into ultimate tem do PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all players in the PRS-ORG
I don't have PRS-ORG
Besides that, I only have 5 friends.
I can't solve the problem
I have objectives to fulfill.
I only have today to be able to get the letter from NAME-N
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP I'm losing from not being able to play.
But I need to play today
Because I only have until today to accomplish the objectives
How will they resolve this situation?
Because I have PRS-ORG, will I be at a disadvantage to other players???
I'll lose important players and points
It's alright.
I am waiting.
Thanks for the help
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: It's all thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F sou NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 510034
I did not get a ban before I stopped playing, I go back and I get banned for restricted activity?
I just wanted to come back and play to pass the time but I can see that I lost count for nothing
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
hello good night
Can you clear up any doubt?
I want to buy the PRS-ORG  ...
but for me to play that new map
Am I obliged to buy the ultimat or gol version?
or by buying the basic one can I already play ?
gold or ultimate version *
I don't only want to know if it is possible to play the new map by buying the basic PRS-ORG version?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First, could you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon
there is no downloadable game.
I've attached it.
I received notification that it was available
Brazilian Portuguese: it says it was available at 58 minutes
How can I solve if I have PRS-ORG ?
It's already solved.
you should restart the PRS-ORG app
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, please may you introduce yourself to me?
NAME-M
I bought PRS-ORG, I had PRS-ORG, but I didn't notice that the version purchased was only for him.
Now I have upgraded to PRS-ORG and do not have the game for the new version.
Would not have a way to make it available?
Will I have to buy the same game again?
Since it costs the same on both platforms
Everything is fine then.
I will not play anymore because I am not going to pay 2x for the same game.
I will wait for next year.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
Good night, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to denounce two users that use hacker in the game PRS-ORG online mode.
The name of one of them is NAME-N and the other is NAME-N
They both use commands that the scope automatically goes to the head of the other players, and they can see through walls.
In fact, the PRS-ORG online games server is full of users using this kind of cheat.
Unfortunately it’s a demoralizing place to play there.
I would like for actions to be taken against them.
The fairest thing would be to banish them from the platform.
Okay.
I'll report on the link you sent me
Just that.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with twitch
just q she asks for an access code
in a number that I don’t have anymore
i've already tried such cases
just that it says it is sending the authentication code to a number I don't have anymore
and it is not the number that I have linked
I used
Brazilian Portuguese: he takes me where I reported the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: requests a verification code
and say it will send to a phone number
q I do not have any more
and already even changed on PRS-ORG account this number has been happening for some time
Okay
thank you so much for your help
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I would like to have a phone contact to speak with you
My account was hacked and you say there is nothing suspicious?
No no I'm not okay
Vcs brincam com os clientes
I don't like this situation at all.
How lucky I am to say that it was me who did what happened to my account?
Sim, I would like to have a contact to call by phone
Please
Do you have a number to call???
My email is EMAIL
I already know they're going to tell me that no one has accessed the account.
But did they put it on my account?
Okay thanks
Not thanks just this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, how are you?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all PRS-ORG points and jewels to win NAME-M, and again there was no player!
The last promotion never came
I made a complaint.
And I had no reimbursement and gained nothing.
Only losses
Now the promotion is gone from the store!
But it was already reported the last time
That's already the second time in a row.
I am losing money.
The assistant who told me I was the first to report it
Now it's still happening
Brazilian Portuguese: But simply reporting it does not solve what happened.
How do I ask for a refund?
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I know your name, please?
My name is NAME-M
I already talked to your colleague about the missing game from my library, but after doing what he said to do the game still was missing.
And I'm working and I leave at 8 every day, and it's a bit hard to have an online conversation that solves my situation because I don't have access to my computer right now
EMAIL
The missing game and PRS-ORG
Game purchased on November 26th via PRS-ORG
I restarted, I cheated, I was to dat app, I deleted the files that your colleague told me to delete and yet I still don't have the game.
I have proof of payment from the bank and from PRS-ORG as to how the game was purchased and how I already have 30hrs in it
47.99€ was paid
I was already able to start by PRS-ORG
Given that I am not at home I could not log in there, as soon as I get there I will check it!
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening, my name is NAME-M
I am needing help because my PRS-ORG is reading my control as from PRS-ORG
however, my control is PRS-ORG
In PRS-ORG this as PRS-ORG and control settings in PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG also as of PRS-ORG
however when I open the game it stayed in PRS-ORG
It was normal before, I've tried everything to fix it but it's not working
was
Brazilian Portuguese: It changed to PRS-ORG for nothing.
and does not go away at all
I took a print to show that it is marked as PRS-ORG control in PRS-ORG
Where can I send ?
Brazilian Portuguese: it’s back to normal now
thanks so much
Brazilian Portuguese: have a good night
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Could you first please state your name?
NAME-M, I have 38 players listed for transfer in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear with the "tick" of sold but I have not received the coins and I cannot withdraw them.
They are frozen there.
You need gold cards to make PRS-ORG
Did you get it?
This, the 38 players are stuck there on my transfer list
These are low values.
They are gold players of overall 79 at most, around 1,500 per player.
They are listed there.
all gold, rare or common
I would have to add up the values of each player and I did not
But this is the second time you have made a mistake with me.
Time goes by and nothing is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: hello good afternoon
my PRS-T1 won't open.
Every time you update the operating system, this happens.
I bought it via PRS-ORG
my name is NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: He just doesn't open
I already deactivated the antivirus
already messed with the app data
Brazilian Portuguese: and it does not help
I already did it man
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, when clicking to play multiplayer mode, the game crashes
Brazilian Portuguese: in just a few seconds
Portuguese (Brazil): what could this be?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
I downloaded via PRS-ORG, but it requires using PRS-ORG to play it
I wish I could direct you to a video of what is happening
I have downloaded the PRS-ORG, the game starts normally, campaign mode works as expected.
only multiplayer which doesn't
but the campaign works normally, I can play normally
this error only influences multiplayer
Brazilian Portuguese: it is not even an error, just the game closing
i will try to uninstall and reinstall
no
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
Good evening
I can’t disconnect the prime gaming account
I wanted to put in my new account
If you can help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Okay I will wait thank you.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
Why does PRS-ORG have a trash server?
DO NOT COME AND ASK QUESTIONS
ONLY READ
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, someone knows how to read
What was the problem that I mentioned?
I did not say that it is my internet, it is not my pc
AND THE PRS-ORG SERVER IS A JUNK
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, all the attendants say the same thing
until today, the server continues to be garbage
Soon?
NAME-N what a joke
Years and years of consumer complaints
PRS-ORG being stingy, do not buy a server.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
my name is NAME-M
I went to put together an online draft
and came
2 NAME-N I sent the image attached.
being that impossible
Exactly.
Brazilian Portuguese: cannot help
in this case
I will take further action against the company.
we players pay to have a product, and as there are PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel scammed
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
Why is the game so buggy after the update...PRS-ORG
When is the next update to know why until then there are no conditions...
Player stops running for no reason...defender jumps in front of the attacker. the defender runs twice as fast as the attackers.
Brazilian Portuguese: I let all of them play the first few games on the other side so they don't feel on the pitch
I'm not complaining about the gameplay
Wl I make 8x1 9x1, I did 4 in such a suffering, it's impossible to play like that.
I want to know when is the next update of PRS-ORG???
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Yesterday I spoke with NAME-M about my account being hacked
she helped me, but I can't log on to my PRS-T1 account
I have changed my password several times already.
and I am not able to log in to the account, which is linked with the PRS-ORG account.
My NAME-M closed and I can't get in touch again
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Pleasure to you too.
I have a question about the PRS-ORG.
I see speaking in becoming verified on PRS-ORG.
Is being verified is to get into the elite division of PRS-ORG?
OK.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
I am in doubt about the PRS-ORG packs with issues
I saw that whoever made player pick for PRS-ORG and removed PRS-ORG will receive the player pick again
However, who made the prime icon pack and took away the moments icon will also receive it?
I got a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG pack
I understand, in this case how long may it take until I receive it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm fine thank you.
I subscribed to PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG to play PRS-ORG but it doesn't appear to acquire without purchasing
Can I purchase PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check that
I can't find this game
I went to see PRS-ORG's game list now and all the PRS-ORG are in PRS-ORG including PRS-ORG
Except PRS-ORG that is not in PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I just got in touch because I have the same PRS-ORG account on both the PRS-ORG and PC, but the PRS-ORG one gave me a different name
In PRS-ORG I have a team in PRS-ORG, since 2016.
When I accessed the account on the PRS-ORG, but on the PC a different name appeared
Brazilian Portuguese: Nome PRS-ORG - NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: Name PRS-ORG PC - ALPHANUMERICID
Email is the same - EMAIL
Yes, exactly, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here on the PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when PRS-ORG offered it to me some months ago.
Here at Pc
I know but when I started PRS-ORG here on the PC it got my PRS-ORG account, which is why I got the rewards for continuing to use my account to play.
With the exception of PRS-ORG, I’ve never played PRS-ORG on a PC.
Yes, it is possible that yes.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
Good afternoon NAME-M
I am NAME-M
I was playing in the weekend league and I was winning by 3-1 when my opponent disconnected
But I didn't win the victory.
Can you check it?
EMAIL
Should I have stayed with the victory right?
Not
I believe the penultimate.
It was 3x1.
Ah, then everything is okay.
But will it be counted as a win?
I understand.
Thank you.
No.
Just that.
Thank you!!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Good afternoon.
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put in the email it doesn't proceed
Brazilian Portuguese: It doesn’t advance
ValéEMAIL
All lowercase and without accents
How do I do this?
Kkkkk
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I ask you for your name please?
I just bought PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG website
I made the withdrawal on PRS-ORG’s account
But it's not showing up in the game
Here appears that I have 55 Reais available.
But how do I put it into the PRS-ORG?
That's right
CREDITCARD
that is what I bought at the PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I managed to recover it here in the account
Brazilian Portuguese: value
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Good afternoon!
I would like to see if you could delete my account on PRS-ORG?
Why I am trying to log in it says there is a problem with my account
I wanted to uninstall and start all over again
I can't open my PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG games
also
It says "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account.
I enter into PRS-ORG with my email and the app opens up.
But I can't link the PRS-ORG and I can't open the game
I have already uninstalled the app and the game and reinstalled them
Even so, it didn't solve the problem.
I really need your help, I'm talking to you for the second time today.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure is mine
So, I stayed away for a while and can't get into my old account.
I have some doubt about the email, I believe it is, EMAIL
But when I ask to recover password, I don't receive the email
As PRS-ORG is a very old site it has had so many changes that I have had to reactivate my email
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you give me your name please?
Hello.
Hello, I would like to cancel my PRS-ORG subscription.
I am trying to carry out the cancellation on the billing page, but the cancellation option is not appearing
The associated email is the EMAIL
Everything is already canceled by PRS-ORG my subscription to PRS-ORG.
A doubt: if I sign PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG, will the progress in the other games I had by PRS-ORG continue?
Or would everything start from scratch?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please state your name?
hello good afternoon
so I have a problem with the PRS-T1 app.
I cannot download the PRS-ORG
A msg appears: There was a problem with your download
Something went wrong during the download.
Brazilian Portuguese: wait a few minutes and try again.
yes
Only accessible by PRS-ORG
I'm gonna do the procedures here.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Also, NAME-M.
I did a PRS-ORG where it said "Player Choice PRS-ORG", but I received a PRS-ORG.
But I only did PRS-ORG because I thought I was going to receive the Player Choice award, if I knew I was going to win a package I wouldn't have done it.
Is there something that can be done?
Are you still here?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a PRS-ORG match, when my adversary left the match after a goal.
As soon as I exited the match, a message popped up saying that the match was under review.
I tried to enter the game mode again, and I could not enter, a message appeared saying that I do not have the right to play that mode
Shows up in rivals and in PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG you normally log in
No, I want to retire, there are still 7 matches, but I can’t keep playing
I'm finding that I was banned unfairly
Brazilian Portuguese: 1 minute
EMAIL
NAME-N
Ah perfect, I was afraid I had taken a banana kkkkkkkk
Thank you for your help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
This is my login in the game, my account was banned on the PRS-ORG, I was not playing for a while and I noticed that some coins had disappeared.
I believe that I've been hacked!
I've been playing since 2012 and I never cheated!
I need you to check out for me what’s happening
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
then I am having problems logging into PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: one hour says it’s PRS-ORG’s problem, the other says it’s the servers’
I have already been several times on the sites
Brazilian Portuguese: and it never works
Brazilian Portuguese: oque eu fafo
I do it.
It worked now
thanks for the help
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good day!
My name is NAME-M
Pleasure to meet you!
NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG through my mobile, on the PRS-ORG app, when I got home I logged into the game and the PRS-ORGs weren’t there
I bought it again and it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORGs from the second purchase fell
But the first purchase, didn't drop the PRS-ORG on the game
Yes!
It has been 24 hours.
I bought it yesterday at 10:05 am.
Life, I feel cheated by the loss of those PRS-ORG
I got it!
I will get in contact with the PRS-ORG, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Everything is alright with you?
I am trying to buy PRS-ORG points, but when I go to access it to see the PRS-ORG point options, a message comes up.
It is not possible to add PRS-ORG points at this time.
Try again later
Faz alguns dias, nunca tinha ocorrido.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Excuse me, I didn't get that?
Is the server locked for purchasing PRS-ORG points for PRS-ORG 18?
I see, so it's a temporary problem.
If in 24 hours I don't succeed, I will get in touch again.
Thank you for your attention
Recently we bought 24 e-books via the PRS-ORG app and paid with a credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase?
I am waiting.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 03/03/2021
Recently, we made the purchase of 24 e-books via the PRS-ORG app and paid using a credit card.
I would like to know if there will be an NF for this purchase??
In waiting.
Will you issue a NF for the purchase made through the app PRS-ORG?
For every sale of a product, a NF is generated, right?
I'd like to know if you're going to forward me by e-mail the NF of the purchase of 24 e-books we just made
how come?
Do not you have a partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Good night NAME-M.
I was already talking to another customer care representative, but my connection fell.
I am doing just fine, thank you for asking
My PRS-T1 game has a bug where the icon marker is moving without me touching the control
I already replaced the control and the bug is still there
Yes.
When I switch on the game, the arrow to select the icons stops changing positions, and all of this without me touching the controller.
I have already used different controls and the bug continues
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you indicate your name please?
NAME-M
Could you help me?
I already have PRS-ORG linked in the PRS-ORG account
I used to play PRS-ORG normally.. until yesterday
Brazilian Portuguese: today I can't log in to the PRS-ORG anymore, says: sorry but there was an error connecting to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
I even formatted the computer to see if it would come back.... and it doesn't work at all
I'll send a print screen
Brazilian Portuguese: has just restarted operations
Did you do any tweaks?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good night.
I cannot link my account to PRS-ORG
I put my email and password but the code does not arrive in the email
EMAIL
this above is the main one
the secondary one is EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: however does not provide the option to link the secondary
I managed to get this code you sent
obg
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I am experiencing a specific problem
in my PRS-ORG
I'm having a problem
that when I try to change the graphic of the shadow details to the one off, it goes back to off out of nowhere
i just want to leave it off, but I can't
EMAIL
the email is here
it must be some technical problem, NAME-F I tried to uninstall the game and reinstall it, and format the pc and it didn't work
Brazilian Portuguese: I still have the same problem.
NAME-F ?
that has been for a long time
Brazilian Portuguese: almost a year ago
this is not the problem
the problem is in my game charts
just the "details of the shadows [illumination]" that stays changing downwards, alone
even though I wanted to leave it disabled
NAME-M, I hope to get feedback from you as soon as possible
thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First off, could you state your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello 😸
My 10/10/10 badge did not count
Everyone on the team has to kill 10 people in order to catch her. We caught her but she didn't confess.
Game PRS-ORG
I have a photo and video if that helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello good morning
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked to the e-mail EMAIL
Last night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG and they still have not entered the account.
Brazilian Portuguese: ID PRS-ORG
Email EMAIL
I purchased directly from the PRS-ORG store
The direct purchase of the game was giving an error.
I opened the menu in the PRS-ORG, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points, and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reais
The value that the account has the PRS-ORG signature is as follows:
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I renewed the PRS-ORG subscription, but it has been entered twice.
I want to cancel one of the charges
the subscription is for PRS-ORG
I made the purchase by myself PRS-ORG
in the PRS-ORG application
ok so
thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: just this
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Brazilian Portuguese: bom dua
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
need to let you know that the order was received.
... it remains to be seen if I can download it.
and know if the booklet that came in the PRS-ORG
where do I print?
with the instruction manual
I bought version 4
Brazilian Portuguese: no free version with no limitations, to be launched on 18
has already appeared in the download environment
but i need to know where to download the manual with instructions
Brazilian Portuguese: also
would be like downloading a starter and a manual equal to the PRS-ORG
when I bought it, it was on physical media
and the instruction manual
Yes.
in the meantime thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning and good work
Brazilian Portuguese: only that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I know your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello good evening!
I would like to claim my rivals reward as I completed 8 weekly wins
My name is NAME-M
My e-mail is EMAIL
Ah yes 🙌🏻
It is well
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name, please?
NAME-M
I sent a photo of the error on entering
I was in an online game and halfway through the match, my internet went down.
I'm trying to reconnect but I can't
I sent a photo of the error
I'd like to access the PRS-ORG menu
You need to connect to the PRS-ORG server.
I am restarting the console.
PRS-ORG Console*
Brazilian Portuguese: And I'm going to try again
I think it worked 🤞🤞
That was it.
Thanks a lot for the help.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
bought PRS-ORG
did not fall
I already attached exactly as you ask.
and I need them to be manually placed
because I want to buy something that has a time limit to buy.
PRS-ORG
EMAIL
Dude I am going to lose the promotion and I am suing you.
second call that I open and you guys in that farce
Proof of purchase was already sent, it was supposed to be in my account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello friend
I was banned and wanted to use my email again for another account
I want you to delete my account
Yes
Delete everything
I want to use that email again buddy
EMAIL
the account was already deactivated and the email was held
My PRS-ORG account is from this email, I can't play PRS-ORG on it because you're withholding my email
How to change??
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Then, NAME-F, good afternoon!
I’m having a disconnect issue, or DC as it is better known, on my account
It's not my internet, because I'm never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, only from the matches
And it's affecting me a lot, especially in PRS-ORG's, especially because it's very important not to lose stupid matches to try to achieve a higher rank, but now taking that kind of disconnections every week as I do?
This, I am having a disconnection problem
Facing**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, all is well!!
So it appears today that we got a game update, right?!
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, however, when I started the game, it displayed an error
I already uninstalled and reinstalled it.
However, they continue to persist in error.
I can not play, it always shows the error message
I have the photo
Can you keep
I'll wait.
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG but I have another game here and it is all OK
Only the PRS-ORG itself after that update gave an error, and it won’t open.
Do you think you can release it today?
Or do you give some kind of deadline?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N
To start off, may I know your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you.
My PRS-ORG account was suspended from the transfer market
Account : ALPHANUMERICID
However, I'm not in any kind of scheme of buying and selling currencies.
Correct
Clear
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
I want to switch the PRS-ORG account that is linked to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked a PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account but it belongs to my cousin and I have subscribed to PRS-ORG and would like to change the account for another one.
I want to link another Amazon Prime account
But I am unable to do so because it says I cannot link another account
But I don't want to use the 2, I just want to put the prime I subscribed to
I want to link another Prime Gaming account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and it won't charge.
You get stuck on the loading screen in the history mode
My pc meets the requirements to play the game and I already tried to lower the graphics all the way to try to load it
So what is left is to wait to be corrected?
Is there anything that I can do?
I want to play the game.
It happens that at the start of the year the same game was on promotion and I bought it and I had exactly the same problem.
I did get a refund because I thought it was a hardware problem.
Will I have to wait 1 more year before I can play the game?
8 months have passed and the problem has not been solved
it is difficult to trust your word that it will soon be resolved
What a joke
But ok
I really do not have anything to do
Thank you for at least keeping me informed
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please introduce yourself?
NAME-M
I can't start a game.
It was after I had made a DME that this mistake started...
Today in the morning I was playing normally
Now the night has the problem
The message that you are having a problem connecting to the PRS-ORG appears
And from there, it returns to the main menu
I cannot start a match in any game mode
Already did a test of my connection it is all ok
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Is everything alright with my account?
Are others also having this problem?
How do I fix it?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening.
I am not able to play PRS-ORG.
I am a PRS-ORG signatory of the PRS-ORG which includes PRS-ORG.
It happens that when I open the game the error I attached to the images appears
Remember, it's about the 10 am evaluation
I even got access to the game earlier.
But now I am trying and it comes the error described
Talk to me to check my subscription, it is active until the 02 of the next month
Okay.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M
Everything is fine here and with you?
I am having problems accessing the PRS-ORG mode and a few friends are also having the same problem.
How nice!
☺️
Yes, I even sent it at the beginning of the conversation
A photo of what appears
Unable to connect to PRS-ORG
Try again later.
This message that appears
What I play with PRS-ORG is another profile.
Play PRS-ORG on one account and PRS-ORG on the next
EMAIL
It is the email
Yes yes.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I still have problems launching the game
I cannot play
the anticheat gives problems
There is something called a memory dump in the error message.
I contacted them earlier and was told that they would solve this problem right away
and I signed up with PRS-ORG just so I could play the game today
I want to know when I will be able to play
yes
I already tried many things
Brazilian Portuguese: and nothing is solved
you may already be aware of this issue
So what's the solution?
So the problem is with the anti-cheat then?
Do I not have to do anything on my computer?
okay.
Thank you.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I can't play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG
A message appears saying I don’t have permission
Yes.
It says I don't have the necessary permissions to access that resource.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I was talking with another server and the chat crashed
concerning my latest open case from PRS-ORG
no, I bought the PRS-ORG at his event!
however soon after you nerfed him and he is unplayable, my request was if you could exchange my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one!
because I deeply regretted having bought his and vc6 nerfed the doll
I would be very happy if you could help me.
i was talking with another attendant but it crashed, he said he would check with the team
attendee*
Brazilian Portuguese: yes or refund for picking up from wraith
Brazilian Portuguese: new wraith
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG is the game I love most, which I play most since the season 1
I would be very grateful if you can help me
geez
Not even a code to try to buy the new inheritance?
I wouldn't call if he got off the train
seer
you give so much code to these streamers that live talking bad about the game and we, even loving the game, end up being prejudiced by the nerf they do on the dolls
i would be playing with him if he had not been killed
i spent now im sorry and ngm can help me
Portuguese: um codigo vc estaria me ajudando eu completaria o que faltasse
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Hello my account was invaded or my phone hacked I do not know and they sold my players my coins disappeared and I was banned from the market
I was so focused on my account, and this just happened I’m so demotivated
I've been trying to contact you guys give me 5 star attention the support just sends an email that won't fix the issue
Case
My account is already old and never had banishment it was not me
But to start another account it does not work, I already have a good team and my account PRS-ORG is linked
Help me please
I'm desperate
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
this problem has already persisted for a week
I'm very angry.
When I start the anticheat, the following message appears: "unable to start.
Need administrative access. this problem persists for a week
I need an answer urgently.
YES, DEAR
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, may I ask you for your name please?
Hello, NAME-F.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
So I took advantage of the 70% discount that PRS-ORG is giving, and decided to acquire the PRS-ORG.
I installed NAME-F, but when I run the game, I get these error messages... I have no idea what it means or how to solve it...
I sent the print attached in the chat opening.
Yes, correct.
I open the game through the icon on the desktop, it opens the page for PRS-ORG, it also starts through PRS-ORG, and the errors I sent are printed.
Did NAME-F manage to access the print that I sent?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, could you tell me your name please?
I have already reinstalled the PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG App but PRS-ORG will not open.
The PRS-ORG app opens twice and doesn't open the game.
It was normal until yesterday.
Correct
I have already tried all of the tutorials that are available from you.
Now I have only to format my computer...
Even the last representative sent 3 links to my email that I had already accessed before.
EMAIL
It's associated with my PRS-ORG account where the purchase was made from.
There are no error messages displayed.
It simply won't open.
It did not even manage to open the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-T2 app simply closes and reopens in offline mode
ok
It was the same links that you sent to me last time.
I already accessed it and it didn't fix it.
apparently I will have to try to format my computer because even you don't know the reason
Thank you for nothing.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I know your name please?
Hi my friend, how are you?
my name is NAME-M
I am
I bought the PRS-ORG a few minutes ago, but I am not very fond of the game
Brazilian Portuguese: so I wanted to ask for a refund
Can you help me with this?
Obviously, a friendly moment.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself by name?
Good evening!
my name is NAME-M
I was thinking of getting the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, but I can't see if my PC meets the requirements to run the game
My processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID   2.40 GHz
and I have 8GB of RAM
but the graphics card is
Yes, but graphic card is only Nvidia or PRS-ORG
my graphics is intel HD graphics 520
is it possible to play the game?
ah, ok
well, I seem to have to invest in a video card
thanks for the help!
thank you
That's all for today!
Portuguese: have a nice rest of the day and good luck!
thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
I am NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the sever went down
Will I lose the match?
Yes, but will I have the PRS-ORG entry returned?
I cannot connect
The server is out
My internet is perfect
The server crashed while I was playing
I want to know if I will receive my return entry into PRS-ORG?
Not only I can not enter
Everyone I know is not able to
It wasn't a problem with my internet.
It was a problem of you all there in the server.
I just don't want to lose the match because of that.
I just want the PRS-ORG entrance returned
Okay.
Just that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
wanted the refund
from the game  which I bought the PRS-ORG
I can't play
Brazilian Portuguese: the game is having an error and I can't enter to play
Brazilian Portuguese: conditions are ok but I don't want the money back
3 days without being able to enter the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M birth
Good evening, how are you doing?
I am contacting you because you deleted my team and I want to see the possibility of recovering it.
NAME-N this game makes me nervous kkkk
This very thing
In the ultimate time
Name of the club: troop of the wizard
Ok
EMAIL
Huuum ok then I'm going to close my participation in the PRS-ORG
Thank you very much for trying.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night NAME-F all the best, stay with God.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, may you please provide your name?
Hello, my NAME-F
Is everything okay?
My house in the PRS-ORG disappeared.
I was in contact now, they asked to follow a step by step error solution through PRS-ORG
I had to restart the computer and I lost the dialogue, but it didn't work
I did not use any corrupted items, just those from the package,
It disappeared for a while, I opened a request for a solution, after a while, an update appeared and it returned.
I created the family and when I was going to put it in the house it had disappeared again
That’s right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Good night my doubt is regarding the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: The 10 hours of PRS-ORG count only when the game is open.
Or count from the first moment that opens the game
However if I close the game and go do something else the test still goes on
Or only when the game is open?
If I turn off the PC, will the time still be the same?
If the game is completely closed
Brazilian Portuguese: The weather is still on
Or only if the game is open.
Okay, thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hello.
I am extremely distressed because yesterday I entered my account and I noticed that nearly all of my coins had been withdrawn.
About 1,100 thousand coins.
I don’t know what to do about this!
That’s why I came to ask for help.
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you your name please?
Good evening, I just contacted about the problem with the download of the purchase I made.
I made the purchase again and the same problem occurred
My name : NAME-M
It's okay.
I still have problems downloading the PRS-T1 package for the PRS-T1 I have purchased.
I'm using the PRS-ORG App.
Could it be a problem of the app?
I managed to download it.
I cleared the app cache
from PRS-ORG App, in the "App Recovery" option
worked .
For now it's just an obligation !
Good night
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To start off, may I have your name please?
NAME-F
I bought a game and I can not download it, can you help me?
I installed the PRS-ORG application on my computer
I bought The PRS-ORG collection of worlds
EMAIL
I am not getting error message, I wanted you to teach me how to download the game by PRS-ORG application
he only appears (DO YOU ALREADY HAVE THIS ADJUNCT)
But I don't know how to download the game
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I already have a PRS-ORG account level 500
however I want to play on pc and link the same account
When cross progression comes, will it be a risk to lose my PRS-ORG account stuff?
Brazilian Portuguese: the game is PRS-ORG legends
but I play on the pc now
with the same email.
etc.
Is there going to be some future problem?
I am a writer and the holder of the rights to the book, The Fairy and the Wizard
Brazilian Portuguese: URL
Brazilian Portuguese: you can't sell!
the company that put the book there can't see the same thing... please remove it...
I don't talk like a user.
I'm speaking as a writer and owner of the rights.
you are human
I want to talk to a human
I'll open a case, thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Hello Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to solve my problem, I decided to contact you.
When starting PRS-ORG, I get an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I tried everything I saw on the internet to solve this but it was all for nothing.
Basically, you're my last chance
The one in question, I did not do.
Do you want me to do it?
just give me one minute, please. I’ll be fast.
Unfortunately it still gives the same error
After following all the steps, the same error was displayed again when starting the PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately I can not open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS in the PRS-ORG Companion App
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Hey, I am not able to connect to rivals
It’s been over 15 hours.
I am managing to get in to play rivals
A warning is appearing, for more than 15 hours
Yes
I had already contacted the support and they said that the problem would be fixed quickly
However the problem still remained
Ok, and what about the rewards?
As there is still 1 game left for me to catch and 12 hours left until Rivals ends
Everything's good.
What would I have to do to get these packages afterwards?
That is progress for every season, there are 89 games to get the best reward, and I am not getting to play to get game 90
It is frustrating that we play a whole season and we are not rewarded
Even more so in such an important event like the TOTY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
everything is fine
then, a while ago I deleted my gmail that was part of a prs-org account and today I can no longer have access to my old account just because I deleted my old gmail
could you help me with this?
the account that I am speaking of now, and my gmail, act together, I mean, I want to try to recover my old account
who is registered in that gmail
EMAIL
that old gmail was deleted and i forgot to switch over to the prs-org one before deleting it and had games on there
brazilian portuguese: as bf4 and others
how could I retrieve the account via PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: then, NAME-M.
today I bought and downloaded the game NAME-F and after the installation it does not open.
With the following message: "An error has occurred on our end, causing an initialization failure.
Try again later."
No, it is installed.
But it doesn't open when I open it...
yes
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
Why then did I like amuletobet
I found a better betting house
Brazilian Portuguese: The agile URL is not a bonus and for withdrawal.
I can’t play with platforms like that
I am sorry, but I can't.
Bonus denied
That is why I want my name removed from the registration. Even if the bonuses are fine, I don’t want them because I’ve already decided, and in my own way.
I don't want it anymore, I found another house of play that is better and I appreciate that and the way I play.
Tchau de já, I'm grateful already.
For the exclusion.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To start, may I ask your name please?
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and when I started PRS-ORG my game was not in the library, when I started from PRS-ORG I was redirected to PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I did not receive any code, it gives an access denied error, I have a printout of the purchase receipt
Yes
In fact I bought from PRS-ORG, didn't know it had a code
but when I start the game I'm redirected to PRS-ORG and asked for the code
I got in contact with PRS-ORG and they directed me to PRS-ORG website, now I am lost, one telling me to go to the other
And here in the very site says that I can appeal to you
I lost my code and have not installed via the PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose a product code, please contact us so we can assist you.
It is possible that a proof of purchase will be requested, so have it handy.
this is a topic I thought would be interesting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you tell me your name, please?
NAME-F
Pleased to meet you
I bought the game PRS-ORG, but can’t access it.
I teach e-mail and I can't even complete it
I can't go forward and use it
Thank you so much
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start off, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Please help me.
I was hacked, and from what I saw they erased my club from PRS-ORG.
I have invested a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and I can’t lose my account like this.
As I sent you the photo attached I tried to login on my companion app of PRS-ORG this morning and I don't have a club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thanks in advance for the help
I played for the last time on Tuesday night.
I didn't play yesterday because I worked the whole day and today when I wanted to get into the club this morning it said that the club didn't exist.
Ok thank you for the info
Then you say it's this and I wasn't hacked
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm trying to link a PRS-ORG account
but says another is already linked
Brazilian Portuguese: being that I have already detached it last week.
EMAIL
that is the email that I want to link
What is listed as linked is the EMAIL
was not using the old
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please introduce yourself?
Good afternoon
My name is NAME-M
I can't log in to my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG game
The app closes as soon as I enter the option to set up the account
Yes
I already restarted it
I have already uninstalled and installed the app
Brazilian Portuguese: And the problem persists again
Not
The game was just installed
You have not requested any updates.
Ok
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
My name is it.
I am great.
I am unable to login to the PRS-ORG mobile
In the case on my account
The login error because it just doesn't appear to me
Only a dark image remains
Brazilian Portuguese: And then it just keeps loading.
thank you for trying to resolve this for me, i thank you a lot
Yes I'm using the PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
That is the id that I was using.
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: the email is EMAIL
I have already been served by the PHONENUMBER protocol
nothing helped.
Brazilian Portuguese: the game just closes every time I open it
either by PRS-ORG or by PRS-ORG
I have already reinstalled it, all is fine
Brazilian Portuguese: and keeps not opening
from the black screen
exactly
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M and I was speaking with the PRS-ORG when the window closed.
It is equally a pleasure
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins, but didn't even select the difficulty.
My energy ran out and I lost the coins without disputing the draft.
Can you help me?
EMAIL
Thank you.
Unfortunately this does not solve the problem.
There is no reward once the draft has not been disputed but PRS-ORG got my 15 thousand coins.
There is nothing else you can do to help.
Lamentable.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
unfortunately i am not very well
my account is advertising my players and items in the prs-org
making a sale and buy without me asking !!!!
I don't know if there is anyone accessing my account or if it's a bug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I get your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My e-mail of the account is saying that there isn't one
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
However, I will enter there.
My email  is this EMAIL
I just want to recover the account
In PRS-ORG it starts normally.
In the PRS-ORG app
Not.
I believe so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-F
I can't complete the payment of the packages, it says it's not authorized even though I have credit on the card
EMAIL
Pass the card, usually
seconds later
Brazilian Portuguese: the purchase is voided
I tried 2 different cards
what should I do?
Try again later?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please indicate your name for me?
My name is Indiano de Merda
Going to drink in your nose, you bastard!
This company had to explode with all of you inside, it will take it to no end
Nasty handicap of this game
Always favoring the worst.
If the son of a bitch plays badly or has a shit team, the problem is his fucking problem.
Here you all come and ruin the fucking game with that handicap
Tell me, NAME-N, are you ashamed to work at this company??
Are you not ashamed to work for the PRS-ORG?
How long does it take you to answer a simple question?
My question is, are you not ashamed to work for the PRS-ORG?
It's a very simple question: yes or no?
Well based hahaha brainwashed you, mate
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, please can you give me your name?
Hello good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Would there be any link I could use to access it?
To not use the app
I could get access to the link, but can I play PRS-ORG via this app?
Opa, desse link
Same in PRS-ORGado
How?
:C
When I click on the PRS-ORG, it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, however it gives options to download the PRS-ORG
Via PRS-ORG doesn’t work?
My God
and now?
I’ve already uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing.
Then I go into the PRS-ORG program which is installed on my computer but it opens the PRS-ORG which does not load and the game does not open
I'll restart it, hopefully that will do the trick.
I'm desperate
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please introduce yourself?
hello, how are you doing?
Brazilian Portuguese: so, I've had speed lag problems since last week
however my connection is good and the servers are also working
I don’t know if the video was attached
I connect normally to the servers, I manage to log in the PRS-ORG
but when you start the game, red signs appear in the upper corner of the screen
Brazilian Portuguese: and everything freezes, and everything suddenly goes super fast
Brazilian Portuguese: the ping is always between 30 and 40
but different red signs appear on the top right corner of the screen
I don't know if it is possible to understand.
so my problem is probably with the internet provider isn't it
unfortunately
gee whiz, what a bag
Brazilian Portuguese: it was not that thanks a lot
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yes
I bought the pass today at 4:00 pm, but it was not released, I have been sending proof and talking to the attendant to solve it since then.
Now they asked me to speak on live chat
Could you explain the step by step for me?
Because when I go out I have to start everything all over again.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon
Brazilian Portuguese: e português
hello
my god kkkkkkkkk
I didn’t know this language.
Brazilian Portuguese: then NAME-N
but I don't know the email of the account of these codes
How chic!
i can pass you the email of the account that I am talking to you now
but it's not the account with the expansions I'm talking about
my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good night.
I would like to know how to have access to PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, I played the game all day and I couldn’t complete it.
is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
also obrigado, in the transfer page it shows that my account PRS-ORG has no access yet
NAME-M, I need to earn access by playing
thank God, I thought NAME-M had gone without NAME-F for nothing, lol
Thank you ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I opened a service and an email arrived yesterday saying that it had been finalized
But for me, the rewards didn't come that were supposed to come.
EMAIL
Oshi, here I am different
You analyzed it and the coins were credited to my account.
And how do I add money to my account and you can’t do anything about it?
Then, what is your use?
We pay so much money for a game, to be requested assistance and not to be solved
And I am still left in the red
I want a solution.
And what happens if I remain at a loss?
Man, if there's going to be a way, I won't accept it
How is it that I have a balance in your account and you are still losing money?
And there's an email saying that everything worked out, that it was proven to be a mistake, and that the game coins will be added to the account?
Something is not right.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please tell me your name?
Will I have to buy the PRS-ORG again?
in the order history shows that the status of the PRS-ORG failed
hello, nice to meet you
in the app of my card it shows that the payment is underway
but because of the status in the order history showing that it failed I was in doubt
one more doubt, the amount will be reimbursed to my credit card, right?
I am not at risk of having two PRS-ORGs.
Perfect, thanks a lot for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
I hope you are doing well
Can I transfer a game, PRS-ORG, to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I was disappointed, because I can not access the web App
It says I don’t have a club.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I bought a pack in the store today on 25.000 where there was a loan icon and 5 players 82+, but I received another one totally different from the description
I have never had problems before in relation to this
Brazilian Portuguese: date of purchase do today as15:48
I understand.
will i receive the right package ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Hello, I was being attended, but the call dropped.
Brazilian Portuguese: Case ID PHONENUMBER
Game does not start due to issues with PRS-ORG.
I have followed the attendant's instructions regarding the uninstall and reinstall of the anticheat and starting up PRS-ORG as admin, and it has not solved the problem.
EMAIL
Okay, it solved the problem.
It worked.
The game has started working again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you for your name please?
Good afternoon
NAME-M
my name is NAME-M
I am blocked in my PRS-ORG transfers market
I have been a customer of PRS-ORG since PRS-ORG 18.
But I was a member of the PRS-ORG platform and this year I signed up for PRS-ORG
NAME-N
Of course.
Thank you!
interruption of service ?
What is that?
Ahh tá
I'll call you guys back soon.
Thank you very much NAME-M
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
So I bought a PRS-ORG from American stores in a promotion that came with the PRS-ORG, and when the product arrived to me, I activated the code to download the game, I redeemed it, but the game didn't appear so I could download it.
NAME-N appears on PRS-ORG to buy.
I contacted the support of the store and they asked to talk with you
this
I cannot download via the activation code that came to me for the voucher
EMAIL
The code is not with me, I need to go fetch it.
NAME-F I am forwarding this to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I get your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening
I can't install the PRS-ORG
I click to install and the installation process does not start.
Brazilian Portuguese: it closes automatically
correct
the PRS-T1 application does not start and the setup is not installed
I have already tried to download another setup, restart my PC, download the system updates, but so far nothing worked
nothing happens
i click on the setup of the PRS-ORG and it just does not work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, may I ask your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I wanted to resolve a problem with my sign-in to the PRS-ORG draft
In the Security Check where you enter the words to copy.
I adjust more, that's it.
I am having login problems
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello Manas!
It's me again, I recently spoke with you about my old PRS-ORG account being linked to my PRS-ORG account, but the same message still shows up even after three hours, is this normal?
I am the NAME-M!!
I opened the support ticket with you more or less at 20:30.
But I still had that message even though you unlinked the PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG
Okay!
I will be waiting!
I can try again tomorrow morning then!
If it is not resolved, I will try to contact you again, okay?
Very neat!!
I'll take a look at the website you sent, thanks again for helping me out!
I'd like to apologize for all this trouble haha, I feel like I'm being a pest!
Thank you so much!!
It has been a pleasure to have your help again with this problem that I am having!
I hope that tomorrow morning she will already be disconnected from the old PRS-ORG!
whenever I join the game the world PRS-ORG does not appear
restart your PC and reinstall the app PRS-ORG
I already cleaned the PRS-ORG app caches
Brazilian Portuguese: o The PRS-ORG opens normally
more the world PRS-ORG does not appear
And every time I clear the PRS-ORG app caches, PRS-ORG appears for downloading
EMAIL
except for the cloudy weather here,
very eager to play this new pack and so far just sadness
I just received a number
key of the case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
My game of The PRS-ORG is not loading.
An error appears when downloading my "save"
I access the game via PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
Now it was!
I restarted the game and the game app
Thank you for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon NAME-M
Is everything alright?
I made a withdrawal request but noticed it was denied and I did not receive the reason
Could you see for me what the problem is?
Is the code the number of the bank?
Because I filled out this item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know
I will try to make another order
Thank you.
Not
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon
Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-N
Friend, please.
I won a game on WL and my opponent is insulting me on the PRS-ORG chat
I attached some pictures, not sure if you were able to read them
I received xenophobic offenses, swearing at me calling me NAME-N
I received death threat "you will die"
I received vulgar insults as in the image.
His ID is "NAME-N"
The blessed created 3 secondary accounts and he is sending me messages there, saying he is going to make me get banned
Please help me, such attitudes are unacceptable
I attached it before starting the live chat
How can I enter here?
I have 4 images
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Do you guys also need the images?
I have a print out of the conversation and all his submissions.
Okay.
I will do it now.
Thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
my name is NAME-M
My pleasure.
well I am trying to access PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG 18 but it says my account is currently blocked.
It asks that I log in to the console where I played the game but I no longer have access to it.
for which you tell me to contact PRS-ORG Help
Certissimo
ok so now the message is not appearing telling me I am blocked and asking me to choose a security question, so I think the problem is solved.
yes, I did manage to log in.
Thank you so much for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I opened a few rare megapacks today that showed as tradeable but were actually untradeable.
That hurt me a lot (dismissing players, timing, etc.)
I sent an attached video showing
I would like to know what will be done about this
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi good morning
Yesterday I purchased PRS-ORG
I have a question about the content.
Do the items that come with the promotion are put in immediately or only at the release of the game?
Because the PRS-ORG points did not drop and other intens.
Would you be so kind as to inform us?
By PRS-ORG
Access was consolidated.
However, the items did not
Ok thank you
Good afternoon, I have a problem verifying my documentation.
I was requested by email to verify my account after I requested a withdrawal of 200 reais
I sent all documents, and now they're demanding copy of credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual
And it has already expired, and many payments have not even been approved.
I've never had any issues with PRS-ORG, I'm just unhappy
What do I do?
No, just that.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
So I'm running PRS-ORG on a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, an Nvidia gtx 1070 ti graphics card and 24GB of ram.
My settings are above the recommended by PRS-ORG to play, but the game is freezing a lot.
Several people are complaining.
I would like to know if the PRS-ORG is aware of the problem and if there is any solution
I did not receive any error.
What is happening is that I am in a match, the screen freezes and then the game comes back at a very high speed, like it is at PRS-ORG
Also, PRS-ORG is using about 80% of my video card to run.
This is not normal.
It’s okay.
I will check it and contact you again.
I would just like to report this problem, which several people are going through.
It is not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use 80% of the video card
Thank you.
Good day
Just this
Thank you
Abraço
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
Firstly, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Well, I recently purchased PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I entered the game and I was greeted with the error that my game needed internet?
What was weird was if I had internet
But researching, I found that I need a key to enter the game
I can't create an account
In this case, I can’t create an account inside PRS-ORG
NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
So it is, I was banned recently in the PRS-ORG transfer market on the web app only, and now I'm banned from the market on all platforms for using the trading site
I confess that I used a trade site but it was for a short time.
And not even to benefit myself
Yes
But I think I was unfairly banned.
Because I had removed the site from my account
Because I found it really unfair to use the site
And I think they banned me because recently also my account had suspicious activities.
You ended up changing the password on my account, saving the
Brazilian Portuguese: Email is EMAIL
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-F
I have a question. I have all of the PRS-ORG in my pc. If I sign the PRS-ORG, will I be able to link them to the PRS-ORG?
or do I need to buy them all again?
not the progress, but the expansions
because the PRS-ORG pc I spent more or less 5000 reais in all the expansions and extras.
it becomes difficult to spend it all on a console now
there is only the basic game or the expansions too?
it's all right, thanks
NAME-M yes, thank you!
have a nice weekend.
I have a PRS-ORG that is having problems with the screen: half of it is scratched and I can't read the texts.
I would like to exchange the screen, but I’m in Brazil and we don’t have any PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to fix this screen even though it cost me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandma's house,
I tried before the pandemic, and I guess I'll continue trying to find something that I can do for me.
Thank you very much anyway.
For you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
Unfortunately I'm not alright, I'm in a very delicate psychological state
I was threatened and also the player made psychological torture to me
Using foul language in front of my family
If I tired him out at some point it was because he started threatening me himself and wanting terrible things
Yes.
But it was abusive that the player told me in the PRS-ORG game chat
I attached the photo he started with reporting.
I am deeply disturbed and am going to call my psychologist who has really shaken me up
I'm feeling very bad I have a daughter
He wished me and my daughter ill as a father and I love my daughter
I'm feeling really down I'm not even able to get out of bed because he did that
nader
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you your name, please?
I am not succeeding
to use PRS-ORGpoints
Brazilian Portuguese: like, there is no way to open the packs with them
the fact is that I was taken aback
why do youtubers/streamers exist?
opening packs with PRS-ORG points
like the URL is now opening packs with PRS-ORG points
ok
thank you
Data for PRS-ORG, Transferência, Boleto... any option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please could you tell me your name?
Hello!
My name is NAME-F
I am having problems making purchases on the PRS-T1 application
I have tried to purchase several PRS-ORG packs without success
Can you help me?
I can't process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill in my full name and CPF, but it does not generate the order
Then I can't pay
The collection of the amount is not generated.
So, I'm not able to pay.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: user PRS-ORG
I MADE IT!
The latest attempt generated a spam report.
It worked!
Thank you very much!
PRS-ORG does not load in a part of Episode 8.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please state your name?
Good morning.
Pleasure is mine!
Both my system's (PRS-ORG) and the game's version are updated!
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: He starts and I played up to a
Just over halfway through episode 8.
However, when I try to start from where I stopped in episode 8 it won't load!!
There is no error!!
The game simply freezes when trying to load from where I stopped!
The screen goes black, and the icon that indicates that the game is loading stops spinning!
I need to close the application!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please state your name?
Hello, good pie.
Then
Yesterday I made an improvement of mid/ prime icon and it was a mistake of the game itself I thought it was a player choice
but when I saw it it was a normal package
I wanted to know if there was a way to return my players, because if it were not for the translation error I would not have done the package.
okay
but is there going to be some type of refund for the players that I spent?
Brazilian Portuguese: because I spent too many players and coins
Just one more doubt on the subject
Brazilian Portuguese: a equipe PRS-ORG entraria em contato pelo jogo
or some social network?
okay
I'll be waiting then.
thanks for the support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Opa, good morning
I am having a problem on transfer to PRS-ORG
I try to buy players on the bargain because I can get them for cheaper.
And then seeing him for a higher price but all through the game without any kind of programme
And msm so my transfer window was blocked
I also use PRS-ORG points.
I try to make the game as good as possible because I like the game a lot
This is something I can't keep doing anymore, making decisions for players
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you?
I made him the DME the crack of the future
And the 4 options were all totw
Yes
I made the PRS-ORG of the future
Which gives 4 choices to choose from
But all of the options came in weekly selection.
I chose NAME-N
But there should be options for the future crack
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
The PRS-ORG game keeps freezing.
I have already reinstalled it, I have seen other options in various forums.
My PC meets the recommended requirements
and yet nothing changes this behavior of the game
He is even talking to my father, who is in the IT industry.
I'll try and then I'll say something
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I have your name please?
I made the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG points and didn't receive it
Order number: ALPHANUMERICID
Date of application: 12 Mar.
2022 13:37:00 BRT
I purchased through the PRS-ORG Companiop app
Companion
He just walked in
I have received the PRS-ORG points
Thank you for your help
PRS-ORG#1 to #7
Brazilian Portuguese: and I just looked here, I didn't rescue PRS-ORG #4, but the others yes
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M my name
I would like help as I have been redeeming PRS-ORG rewards for months, so that when I buy it, it already has a few packs
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, it was only 1 in there.
EMAIL
but I received 1, but I do not know which of them it was
I have print out if you want, that shows that it was retrieved but it is not in the gaming
From PRS-ORG/PC
when I rescued it I didn't play because I bought the game yesterday
Brazilian Portuguese: I only bought when I already had some packs
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you tell me your name, please?
So, on May 31 I bought PRS-ORG coins and did not receive them, I requested reimbursement for PRS-ORG and all was ok on June 2. I tried to buy again and did not receive my items, nor could I receive reimbursement. I tried to talk to the PRS-ORG support and it was denied, I tried to talk to the PRS-ORG support, they closed my case and said it was concluded (nothing was resolved). I tried again to talk to the PRS-ORG support and they sent me to an advanced team and nothing was done, now I am trying to talk to PRS-ORG again to solve this, I have been since the 2nd without my item and without my money
Please answer me
Does it not suffice that the company offers no support whatsoever?
Yes I'm having the problem since the beginning of the month.
I have already entered
What about AGR?
my god in heaven
takes too long
i've already done that, fuck you
fuck this fucking shitty company tamejm
I hope you get fucked
Brazilian Portuguese: lixo do caralho company
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Hi
Hello
Good afternoon.
sorry for the delay.
I am experiencing packet loss only on PRS-ORG
in any other game
ok
How can I solve it?
:(
You already solved it
thank you so much &lt;3
Just that, thank you very much friend
Good morning
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
My purchased PRS-ORGs points has not dropped
I made the payment and it was debited
Even more has not fallen into the game yet
So?
Today
I'm seeing that.
I have put on the wish list to buy the pass.
No
I always bought directly via the game store
Brazilian Portuguese: And always at the same time of day
Can't wait 24hrs cause the pass will expire
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
I'm having a problem with the PRS-ORG app
It’s been months that the application goes offline and does not show the list of friends
And I can’t play with my friends online.
Tried some firewall steps
I watched several videos about the mistake
but none of them worked for me
I'll try.
I will need to restart my PC to complete the steps
If it works, I thank you already.
Until.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Why can't you get the teams to the same level as mine?
It looks like I only play with pro players
This is demotivating.
Straight this happens, it seems like it's intentional
Yes, please.
I am unable to play.
I play every day, I'm a faithful player.
But, this happens straight away. It’s not normal.
The opponents with bugged moves, using glitches in the game
Doing 2 to 3 touches on the ball and score a goal
High-level players, and I'm not
Not thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have a problem with PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the wheel
Brazilian Portuguese: and if I take away the assist while racing I can't turn the car with the wheel
he just drives straight ahead even if he turns to one side
already with the command the car turns beautifully
I don't know if I may be confusing you because of having the two devices connected (wheel and steering wheel)
yes
be quick
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
Hello.
NAME-M
I have a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In PRS-ORG I played in PRS-ORG and agora estou na series x do PRS-ORG and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account with that of PRS-ORG and logged in my PRS-ORG account, but with the launching of the ALPHANUMERICID web app I started playing thinking I was with my PRS-ORG account and continued playing, making me, opening packs and gaining coins.
However, with the release of the ALPHANUMERICID preview on PRS-ORG when I log in to PRS-ORG I see that I am playing on PRS-ORG and I have no more access to this console.
I would like help about this.
En but all of my progress in these days I'm not getting access
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
NAME-M
I'm having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In the PRS-ORG I used to play in the PRS-ORG and now I am in the PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already dissociated my PRS-ORG account with the PRS-ORG one and logged in my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID web app I started playing thinking it would be with my PRS-ORG account and kept playing, making dme, opening packs and earning coins.
However, with the launch of the PRS-ORG's ALPHANUMERICID preview I logged onto the PRS-ORG and realized I was playing on the PRS-ORG and no longer have access to that console.
I would like a help about this
en In all my progress during these days, I have not been able to access.
NAME-M
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you indicate me your name, please?
Prefer to read in English or Portuguese?
I purchased the PRS-ORG pro.
It's the 3rd consecutive year I play PRS-ORG.
The game won't start.
There seems to be some problem with the anti cheat PRS-ORG
I have already installed the game again 3 times, I have already run it as an administrator.
Nothing seems to solve it
Thank you
I've tried manual installation of the anti cheat and it failed.
Ok, I'll wait for you.
Thanks for your time
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please state your name?
Hey NAME-M, good evening!
I was making a purchase from PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG and the game was coming out at 303 real in the ultimate version
however it was trying to buy and it was not going and an hour arrived when it began to make an error saying it had many attempts to buy
I was trying now because you asked to wait a while to buy again
Brazilian Portuguese: and the price went up to 341
I would even buy at this price, but I have 305 reais adding up what I have in pix and the rest in the PRS-ORG wallet.
Um, I understand... So you wouldn't be able to help me in that case?
then
that's right
I tried different ways to buy and there was an error.
i waited for the time
and the price is no longer there.
was R$40 more expensive.
now i don’t have the money to make the purchase
I signed the program of yours for 20 real and I'm playing at 20 hours
but it is coming to an end
Brazilian Portuguese: now I can’t buy it because the price went up kkk
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
good afternoon, NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on September 25 from PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I went to play, I had a problem with PRS-ORG.
I managed to solve the problem, but I've been trying to open the PRS-ORG for almost 24 hours, but it opens in a small black window and then immediately closes.
How can you help me?
Do you know if there is anything I can do?
Do you have any predictions of when it will be ready?
I understand.
Thank you very much for the PRS-ORG service
I will await an update on the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
Hello NAME-N, how are you doing?
I am NAME-M.
Exactly, I was playing yesterday normally!
During a game the game crashed and the game ended... since then I can not find any more opponents
I talked to some of my colleagues and they said that they were finding their opponents with no problems
Okay, thanks a lot!!
No adversary was found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears:
Yes, thank you very much!!
It helped a lot, I just performed the requested
I'll try to find an adversary
The same error appeared
Calm down, if there is anything else I can do
I appreciate the willingness
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-N
To begin, may I ask your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
Was trying to resolve the problem PHONENUMBER
I just finished chatting with NAME-M and even clearing the cache of PRS-ORG, checking the internet and restarting my computer, the problem persists.
When trying to access PRS-ORG, the following message appears:
Sorry, but there was an error in the connection with PRS-ORG.
You will then be redirected to the PRS-ORG main menu.
Just the one I mentioned above
And when I am able to enter the game, when I mess around with my roster, that message comes up:
There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
hey I wanted to link in order to get PRS-ORG benefits on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
i used to have a linked PRS-ORG account
I recently started with another, though.
However I can't link it
Brazilian Portuguese: as there is one that already exists.
only that I have already unlinked it for more than 6 months, which is the said deadline
EMAIL
OK, I THINK I'M BOUND NOW
However, since I had already redeemed
How do I redeem again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, could you please indicate your name?
Good day, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
See if, if you would be so kind, Mr., can help me.
I have an account that I use for more than 5 years and I have lots of points and XP.
My girlfriend made the account as a present to me for the PRS-ORG edition.
I would like to know if it is possible to merge both accounts.
But is it possible to unify the two accounts?
Why should I use only one?
There is this account that I always use
And that account was created yesterday.
All we would have to do is unify the account.
If PRS-ORG goes to my account all right
Everything is okay
The progress of PRS-ORG that you refer to?
I don't care.
It's okay for me to start a new game.
I understand.
Anyway, thank you
Have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Equally
I rent a server on the PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG for 29.50 every week, today I was extending the rental and on the "order and pay" screen it remained stuck on "loading" and the game crashed, not the PRS-ORG.
The amount was debited from my account, but the server was not extended.
The rental of the server was not included, it has already expired, can you please help me?
EMAIL
Thanks, I am waiting.
Hi sorry to bother you, I already spoke to PRS-ORG and they told me to speak to you, moreover I am seeing that there are online servers
Brazilian Portuguese: Paid*
Some paid servers are online yes
The PRS-ORG does not want to take responsibility because they say that you received the purchase value and confirmed the same
Remembering that ALL STEPS and DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO THE PRS-ORG.
Good morning, once again I come to demand from you the account validation.
The turnaround time you offered is already experienced in 2 days, and I am still waiting for you courteously.
I have money to withdraw and I am unable to play games, I would appreciate some attention and prompt resolution of the case.
Sincerely,
NAME-F
I hope this helps because lately I haven’t been having this from you, unfortunately.
I hope you are different!
Thank you NAME-M.
But the deadline has already expired and I would like your attention!
Everything was sent correctly and in due course.
I understand the security rules and agree with them, but I'm being penalized on this issue.
Thank you, but I've already received these messages from you this week.
I am still waiting.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Good evening, how are you?
I'm trying to open the PRS-ORG game but it's not starting on my computer, I'm getting an error:
Double-check your connection, ir try again later
but it is connected
and my pc meets all the minimum requirements
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: it is a trial version linked to the PRS-ORG of pc
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
NAME-M, I am fine.
Thank you. I have the PRS-ORG, which gives access to the PRS-ORG library.
Sure?
I play through the PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how to play PRS-ORG, as I can't find it in the PRS-ORG's catalog
I access PRS-ORG's games via the PRS-ORG website.
But, I can’t find ALPHANUMERICID there
A friend of mine said that I can play PRS-ORG because I have the PRS-ORG.
But, is it only for those who have the console or can I play via PRS-ORG, through the browser (PRS-ORG)?
I'll try to simplify: I'm a subscriber to the PRS-ORG.
Do I need an ORG console to play an ORG cartridge?
Or can I play via PRS-ORG, using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Hi NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M.
I am talking with PRS-ORG
I asked me to attach an image to the case, but I think I opened a new one
Brazilian Portuguese: Opa, so then, it's already being seen as a problem
I think that if I go to North America again it would cause confusion.
I'll end the chat here
For now, not, valeuuu
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG n release
The PRS-ORG conquest does not release
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
For the love of god, free my conquest, I am playing 91 hours and the game is bugged
I'm going to cry sir
even though I'm making the requirements
Brazilian Portuguese: to with 91 hours of game play
please help me
kkkk
hello.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
I would like to know if the problem of running only in safe mode has been resolved in the new update for the PRS-T1
in PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: no
was
to solve this, I had to install PRS-ORG again.
but I want to go back to the PRS-ORG and for that I need to know if the problem was solved with the new update
but was the problem the correct safe mode?
I am saying this because I am going to have to format my pc, I need you to confirm this
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
wagner
I spent a resource on PRS-ORG but I can not use it
I spent 20 star moments
in a token
but there's no way to switch
and the game does not inform anything about that
wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To start, may I ask your name please?
Hello, I am NAME-M
Thank you!
I am having difficulties playing The PRS-ORG
I own the 64 bit Metal version for MacOS
The game works really well on the computer, even with the graphics on the maximum definition
However, the game suddenly ends.
Without making any errors or something like that.
It simply closes
Look, that really is all the information.
The game only closes while running, without presenting anything after that.
The game works well.
It only closes during the game
Sometimes he closes 10 minutes after playing, sometimes an hour later.
There isn't a rule.
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
Only that today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name for the record?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I'm having problems launching the game
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile the screen goes black and closes
I can log in just fine
I meant the profile inside the game.
EMAIL
I am going to try this method.
If it fails, I’ll come back!
But for now thank you so much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-M
I am having trouble connecting with the servers
I am connected to the PRS-ORG servers.
This is asking me to reset the password and I already did this
Brazilian Portuguese: And it does not accept connecting
Not.
The problem is in the connection with PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I’m good, thank you and you?
The pleasure is mine.
So, my the PRS-ORG was updated normally on 14th I think, when they released the cradle babies into the game.
The items for them show up there, but in CAS, that stage doesn't count.
Babies, children, etc. usually appear.
That, the life stage itself doesn't appear.
I tried reinstalling the game but the stage on PRS-ORG does not exist.
As you can see in the image.
I got it!
Thank you for clarifying!
It was all there, thank you!
Have a good afternoon.
Thanks, take care NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
can you see my previous conversations with other PRS-ORG councilors?
helped a lot...
right
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F I have tried one where I had to install the PRS-ORG
another one was clearing cache
the other one was to run or remove from executing in the administrator mode
another had to do with background apps
NAME-F I have this problem since 3/4 days
hello?
Take that in the ass, I lost because of this shitty server, shame on you, greedy company, buy a better server, fucking whore.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
I lost match because of the server trash, it takes time to execute commands
daughter of a bitch
If you can’t watch a swear word, then you’re in the wrong line of work
and take it in the vagina
You're going to get married
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot??
I bought PRS-ORG today and when I went to play it I was forced to link an account, create one or just log in an existing one
the problem is that I can't connect or create it.
and would like to play a lot
NAME-M yes, good to know that you are human
Nice to meet you, NAME-M!!!
This
I can't connect to online
no matter how old the game may be, is it possible?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I made the dme 90+ idol days ago and went to look to open it in the console and it’s not there.
possibly appears only in the companion app
already restarted the console and everything is good
I checked it again right now and it reappeared
Brazilian Portuguese: it wasn't even restarting, it just appeared out of nowhere now, I had already made a case about it
NAME-M: I think they solved it
NAME-M, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I ask your name please?
NAME-M
I need to know if a correction is already foreseen, somehow, for the PRS-ORG way.
It simply stopped working in friendlies.
It presents an error, when attempting to play an exhibition match, saying the opponent has abandoned the match.
This has been going on since 12/05
URL
In this link it is possible to see the mistake.
Note that this is worldwide (since the video is not Brazilian), but it is exactly the same error.
And it's happening across all platforms
In summary, yes.
PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, that’s it.
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I’m good, and you?
I still can't do that.
But I understood that I have to wait
Brazilian Portuguese: I would like to know if in the meantime you can help me open it in WebApp
Brazilian Portuguese: to at least already have something to do
Ah yes
My question is:
I can only access the Webapp after I opened the game at least once
like the game is not opening due to an Anti Cheat error
would be how to enable it for me to open the Webapp before the game to correct this problem?
no, thanks
NAME-F
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
I have an account on PRS-ORG and cannot log in
Is that right?
Says the following: "Your credentials are incorrect or have expired.
Try again or reset your password. "
When I click on reset password, the following appears: "We were unable to find your PRS-ORG account."
But I am trying to log in using the PRS-ORG software
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
Yesterday I purchased the Star pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points, but so far it has not been released to my account, but my PRS-ORG points have been credited
I want to know what you will do about this
Why I can not be deceived in that way
But I do not want to refund of PRS-ORG points
I just want the pass released
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you indicate your name, please?
NAME-M
I am having an issue with the draft for a player, I played two games and then could not start the third one.
The following error message appears: There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
I'd like you to restart my draft manually if possible.
I have had this problem for 3 days now.
Is it possible to restart my draft manually?
I think it's the only way to solve my problem.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
good night friend.
I have not played since early on
Whenever a game ends I make a mistake
I called support 2x already and they did not resolve my problem
PRS-ORG's servers are unable to process your request at this time
From this error there
Brazilian Portuguese: whenever the game ends, it feels like I'm off the hook from the game and I lose 3x0
I wanted to play
kkk
more blz
you guys have to remove that soft ban here in the token exchange event since the match ends with whoever scores first
Brazilian Portuguese: era so isso mesmo
thanks
send some tokens for the trouble
of that force haha
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I am having issues, I reached out earlier today to try and get this resolved, I was given a few options and I could not resolve it
Brazilian Portuguese: and the situation got worse
I need help.
I am unable to play the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: 23
cf
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: the first error
is the app of the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the app was unable to connect to the servers
NAME-M the standard PRS-ORG
Portuguese (Brazil): the PRS-ORG can connect to servers
but when I try to play a match in any of the PRS-ORG modes it disconnects and goes out of mode
Is NAME-M going to be open?
I have the chat on the PC that I play
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening,
I bought a book in the PRS-ORG store and after starting to read it, I found out the book is in PT-BR and not in PT-PT, which was what I wanted.
Unfortunately your shop does not make a distinction, but it does make a difference when reading.
The book was “Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice” by NAME-F &amp; NAME-F and I want to get a refund or exchange the book for Portuguese from Portugal.
I am waiting for your contact.
Sincerely,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
By the way, is there any option that allows you to check if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
So, that’s the suggestion for your improvement!
Thanks for the help
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning.
Hello
I have a question about rollover.
What shows up on the withdrawal tab and what I was informed of in my email is the casino roll-over.
However I took the sports promotion and only bet on sports so far
Can you see this?
Oh, right
I am asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
In case I really hit the roll over, can I do it now?
Thank you very much.
I am waiting for the e-mail
Just that.
Good morning
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you introduce yourself please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and did not receive the PRS-ORG points
Synchronizing the PRS-ORG with your PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and there's nothing there
Minutes
In the other versions, it came before.
Pardon
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Thawan
My pleasure.
I don't know if I'm in the correct channel, but I have a question.
I have played the PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today launched the futweb app.
When trying to log in futweb says my account does not have a team in PRS-ORG PRS-ORG, however if my account has not a team how come I have played PRS-ORG?
Why can't I access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that
Everything is now better explained.
That’s all, NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the information and help.
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
I'm unable to sign into my PRS-ORG account even after changing the password
EMAIL
I received it, and now?
And now?
** Brazilian Portuguese: **
The code is 535067.
ok
Redefine the password
ok, I will do it now
it gave the same error
Now it is
With the correct username
Thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having problem playing my game on my pc, and I have not been able to solve it already for almost a week.
I would like a refund if I'm unable to play.
I bought the game and when I'm going to start it says that my computer has cheats.
Since my PC is new
And I do not use this kind of thing
I would like a solution or a refund
Correct.
I purchased more but I am unable to start my game
Make an error 117
I would like to know if I will be able to play it if I don't solve it and better the refund.
For I paid dear in the game
Plus, I don't even have the game cache since I bought it and I can't even start it
I have already tried this procedure.
How can I make sure this doesn’t happen?
Brazilian Portuguese: Why have I already tried it in many ways
Good morning
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
I can not access my companion app because it requests verification by email and the email does not arrive in my inbox.
I have already looked in the spam box and nothing
I requested to be re-sent several times and it never arrived
The verify by app option also not working
Even in the PRS-ORG account itself by the website I can not access
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Good afternoon.
I logged into my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends but the game is not available to play.
It shows how I would have to buy again
But I already bought it, in 2015
The value of R$199.00 appears.
That's right
Is there nothing I can do but wait?
NAME-M, thank you for your help.
I’ll try starting from the .exe file and wait for the problem to be resolved
There is no other one, it was only this one.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please introduce yourself?
Portuguese (Brazil): Hello NAME-M good night.
Everything alright?
My name is NAME-M
You’re welcome.
The pleasure is all mine.
So, a few years ago I was given the SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition as a gift on CD.
The edition with the 2 CDs, I am currently trying to install the same on my new notebook but I can’t because it is not compatible with the PRS-ORG, through the CD it doesn’t start.
I tried to add to my PRS-ORG Games library but the code is invalid
I would like to recover it at least so I can install it through PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, since the CD no longer works
Yes, I still have the original 2 Discs and the license code of it
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
I am unable to buy anything on the transfer market from the Web App
The message "Appears:" is shown.
An error occurred while trying to complete the search.
Try again in a few seconds.
No, only when trying to make a purchase.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
hello
I am having a problem with PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the game opens PRS-ORG, opens the launcher of PRS-ORG
I click on play
nothing happens
nothing literally
I already contacted them earlier and was asked to follow a few steps
I did everything but same result
EMAIL
thanks
I previously got a dll error with the code ALPHANUMERICID
I downloaded the dll I needed and put it in the right place
no mistake since then
but the game also never begins
in case you don’t resolve I will contact you again, thank you in advance
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First off, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
My promotion goals PRS-ORG have not updated in the Game
So I am being penalized for not being able to complete the whole track and receive the rewards
The promotion had its letters updated yesterday.
The objects did not go out yesterday
A few friends had their goals released today at 11:30am Br Horario
And mine hasn't updated.
With this I can't complete the trail
Okay.
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG alphanumeric
This is happening.
Why do I not have the objectives available
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you give me your name please?
Hello!
My name is NAME-M, good night.
I need help please
Game PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
I can't stay on LINE no matter what.
The qr code appears asking me to reset the password for the PRS-ORG account but, even after doing that, it's not working.
Of course.
EMAIL
I would like to report that I am unable to download any games from PRS-ORG.
It pauses automatically and displays an error.
No.
Via the PRS-ORG app and the PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
He pauses the download and it takes forever to return
I would like to know what I have to do to fix this problem.
I want to play PRS-ORG games on my computer
I already did this procedure and it did not work at all
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening,
My name is NAME-F
Thank you :)
So I have 3 cds of dlc to the PRS-ORG and the base game, it's quite old and I bought it in the USA.
When I tried to install it a few months ago, it didn't work and it said I needed an update, but searching online, I could never find the update.
I thought of looking for the game to buy online somewhere, but I noticed that PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore, is there a way to somehow buy it?
I don't have a CD reader in this computer I'm in now, so I can't start the installation in order to show the print of what happens :(.
But if necessary, I can send a picture of the CDs
Oh, but it’s such a wanted game, sad:(
All right, thanks for the answer
Have a good night!:)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
My game doesn't open
I did the step by step the boy told me
But n does not work
Do you want to access my pc via team viewer?
I can’t stand it, I’ve tried everything already.
Almost asking for a refund, but I wanted to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
Brazilian Portuguese: It opens everything in black and closes.
But my PRS-ORG does not freeze
Only the game that does not open
Would you like to access through the team viewer?
It can be something that is missing on the pc or it doesn't let you open it
However, I have already done several things and they do not solve the problem
hello
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
i am unable to purchase PRS-ORG
the following Brazilian Portuguese text into English: it's giving an error
I can't buy the PRS-ORG
Your action could not be processed
It was not possible to process your order at this time because of a problem with your indicated payment method.
Use a different payment method to complete your order, or try again later.
Hello.
I can only pay by pix
I accessed*
Good afternoon, is the platform unstable?
I am trying to use it and it doesn’t open any casino games, it goes to a black screen, logs in to another platform and it runs normally
I am trying to use the platform and it does not open any game
I've already cleaned the data and cash and nothing
I restarted the mobile phone and it does not work
I’ve never had a problem using the amulet
Are you aware of any instability in your system?
Just that
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-N.
To start, may I know your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello, now very bad, I did the pre-purchase of PRS-ORG, and just saw now that it was on my wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought it on EMAIL
the one I used on PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG was on the EMAIL
I was even using the web app already
I was using it in the PRS-ORG, but this time I bought it directly in the PRS-ORG.
which was linked with the PRS-ORG account
I'm very sad
this is why it didn't appear
I use (EMAIL) as my primary account since 2020
I am already using web app PRS-ORG on it and everything
But how does the reimbursement appear on the card?
You can then cancel it.
I don't know if I'll have a time limit for playing after the refund
Very sad.
just*
Only this thank you
Good afternoon.
Safe deposit
My dear this is a lack of respect to the customer, I requested a 1,000 reals withdrawal before the 200 reals, the 200 reals was made before the 1,000 reals
I have spoken since this morning here and the appliance never fails
Since this morning that is why I am stopping playing here, the PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay at the time.
Sad
I like the website and the platform, but every time we win it is an interminable wait.
Pix is today something that is too fast
I have a commitment waiting since this morning to resolve
Waiting to enter this resource that is mine, I lost sleep nights and invested my money
It is in English, friend.
My God
I do not believe.
That is why I am stopping
I will receive and I will talk to the staff on the channel about it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help to refund a repeated purchase that I made, it was already debited on my card...
Could you help me?
Yes!
My email is EMAIL
Just one minute so I can take down your order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I'm not mistaken.
Verification number: 635822
I made two purchases and would like to cancel just one, if possible... as the game is already being downloaded.
Thank you very much!
That was exactly what I wanted to solve.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please provide me with your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and I’ve been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with 41% of the campaign completed, but my wife started playing another game and to not bother her, I decided to install the same game using the same account on my PC, but my save isn’t showing up, even though I’m exactly using the same user.
What am I doing wrong?
So even using the same account, I can not take advantage of the save?
Do I have to start completely from scratch?
But we do not perform a save on the cloud?
NAME-M.
Thank you so much for the clarification.
I hope it will evolve because it would be very useful for us players.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I am writing a text with my case
So, I’ve been playing PRS-ORG for a few years now but I’ve never played online, I bought the PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG and I decided to play PRS-ORG, these days I went to try to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and I realized that I didn’t have access to it and I wasn’t even aware of the email and password for my PRS-ORG account
I have access to the email and password of my PRS-TRAINING account.
The account I'm talking about is here, I managed to access it with the PRS-ORG
However I'm afraid of losing it by not knowing the email of the account PRS-ORG
And also because I can’t link the account to PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I updated the application on my PRS-ORG, but I can't access my PRS-ORG account.
Could you help me, please?
EMAIL
I used to use PRS-ORG reads from the livraria cultura
because yes... I will try again, but it gives an invalid password
Brazilian Portuguese: now it seems it was.
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
good evening.
My name is NAME-M
I have the ultimate version of Bf 2042, my reward from update 3.3 is not in the game
more or less
my reward has disappeared
Brazilian Portuguese: no
is the reward of the 3.3 update
the March one
March 8 to be exact.
thank you, miss
does it have any forecast?
nonono
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have a question, I played PRS-ORG but I'm thinking about getting the game for the PC
my question is
Brazilian Portuguese: and about 23
I would like to know if I am obliged to buy the 23 for the PRS-ORG or if I have to buy it for the pc
I keep my PRS-ORG stuff
Brazilian Portuguese: okey obrigado
I am waiting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Is it possible to play on my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG?
It's not that.
I want to use the PRS-ORG account I have at PRS-ORG
on another device via PRS-ORG
ok but please answer the previous question
ok damn clown
sorry
I made a mistake.
I need nothing else, thank you.
good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Could you start by telling me your name, please?
Hello, I just got in touch.
Then I went to PRS-ORG and they told me to go back again
NAME-M
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: if you want I'll repeat the messages
Hello, I just got in touch.
Then I went to PRS-ORG and they told me to come back again.
I just want to repeat the request that was cancelled without even trying to charge my nubank card
Brazilian Portuguese: and I'm just trying it out, because for some reason, right after I tried to buy it again, the store's charge went from 149 to 166 reais... at the same time!
I want to keep the price and pay, either by pix, or by card, as you prefer.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
All well ALPHANUMERICID?
I am doing the update of the new version of PRS-ORG on the PC
However, it ends up, it appears that the update was completed and immediately after, it appears again to be updated
Before starting the chat, I attached 03 prints of my screen, I don't know if you can see them
That is correct.
Even after achieving, it asks again and does not open the game.
I have already uninstalled and re-installed the game, however, without success.
That's fine, thanks for your help.
How do I do this cleaning?
I'm already doing it, one minute
It worked!!!
Thank you so much!!
I didn’t know how to clear the cache on the app.
:NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First off, could you please tell me your name?
I want a phone number to call and speak to someone
What they do in my account has no explanation
Brazilian Portuguese: Game after game against the handicap
and the nasty scrip of PRS-ORG
It's inadmissible, absolutely inadmissible.
this number is working,
It says it is not available
I had already been given that number and it never works
Do you manage to fix this?
it is absurd
It's disgusting playing this game right now, it's impossible
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you tell me your name please?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yes, look.
I have reached the limit of clubs creation in PRS-ORG and would like to know if you can give me more attempts to delete my club.
I spoke to a consultant before.
The account I use to play is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much.
That was the problem.
Thank you very much
I bought the books base of Paraíso, downloaded the app, opened the book on Sunday, this morning I entered the app but I could not open the book content, I updated the app and now it informs that my email has not been located.
I request the immediate regularization or the return of my payment.
Please revert to me by email.
EMAIL
Purchase 07.03 and 4 Paradise Alicerce books
Thanks NAME-M, pra vc tbem
I was talking to NAME-M and it fell
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I am from PRS-ORG and can’t get into PRS-ORG
Every time at the same hour, the servers for the PRS-ORG go down
End of PRS-ORG and servers cannot support users, you urgently need to add another server in Brazil
I am unable to log in to PRS-ORG
The server is said to be high in volume of people
Regrettable.
As a consumer, I am frustrated and hesitant to play with the PRS-ORG.
Thank you.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Olá, I was talking to one of the representatives but I lost the connection
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to ask for a refund of the PRS-ORG expansion.
My e-mail is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it since I needed the money to pay for other things.
Hello?
Yes
I do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My expansions that I have bought are not working
Some unlocked items are missing
EMAIL
Target detector
Gun unlocked
It’s really disappointing.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Don't you guys have it?
The purchases made by the user?
Will I have to prove that I made a purchase?
If I have already played
What pictures do I send
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
the salvar game from ALPHANUMERICID is not working
I did everything according to the procedure you sent yesterday and the error still persists
Every time I open the game it is like the first time
yes but also loses the control setup
The choice of club
all things
Brazilian Portuguese: even progress
Brazilian Portuguese: and stopped at the end of December trying everything to fix this problem but without success
I formatted the PC and installed from zero and it didn't solve
I have checked around and it seems to be a problem that is affecting many people
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
Hello, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password
EMAIL
I can see how much you can delay.
Can I know if their parents are dead?
Your mother is a piece of shit and gave birth to something like you
you should go to ukraine to pick up the russian bomb, fuck your mother
trash talk
I asked if your mother died and how she gave birth to something like you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I have your name, please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account, the site crashes and I can’t.
how to solve this
Yes, every time I try the site, it gives me an error and I can't access it
I press the button to connect to the PRS-ORG account, and when I am redirected to the site, it says an error occurred and that they could not complete my request
still there
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
that is the gamertag of the account I want to access
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
I have problems.
I bought the Aston Martin Pack (PRS-ORG)
and the product doesn't appear to use on the app
in the game
Date: September 15, 2022
when I log in the package as if to purchase again it says this package is already yours
even though I can't use it anymore
okay
I will try these tips.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, may I know your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello, how are you?
I would like help on the PRS-ORG's dme
I started to make the dme but it asks for cards that are out of packs and extinct in the market
I have already done 13 parts of the dme and now I can’t do the rest.
I don't think it's fair on the players to keep a fee that is so high it's impossible to do.
I would like to receive the players back or to receive the missing ones, in the case capitaes do PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: Cast Assembly Challenge
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is PRS-ORG.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Hi!
my name is NAME-M
The pleasure is all mine!
So my problem is I am not able to buy my PRS-ORG points
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the wallet from PRS-ORG
but I press to buy within the game and the purchase simply doesn't happen
My money does not leave the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG points do not appear
how did we manage to solve it?
No error message appears, it simply tells me to wait and then nothing happens
only returns to the store without any PRS-ORG points and with the money in the PRS-ORG wallet still
Okay, thank you!
I will try and if it does not solve I will come here again.
no, just that!
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my account from my PRS-ORG mobile
How would you reverse this?
It is half sad
Is it yours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Bom dia.
My name is NAME-M
I have problems starting PRS-ORG
my problem is that when I start PRS-ORG my screen freezes and I can’t do anything else
i need to restart the pc
and I try again and it continues the same, I already uninstalled and reinstalled the game and it did nothing...
When entering the PRS-ORG App and trying to start the game my pc freezes
and I have to restart the pc using the reset button
I do not see any errors
Brazilian Portuguese: only my screen freezes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Hacked my account, sold my players and coins
I just want my pf coins
I already changed the password and already activated the two-step code. I just want my coins
Someone else has already helped me change my password and turn on two-step verification
I just want the coins
I just want my coins/tokens back
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
I cannot play my solo Draft.
From every mistake there are days.
What is happening?
Several complaints from other users
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
EMAIL
Yes
my name is NAME-M
So, I play PRS-ORG on PC and here the game does not open anymore
Brazilian Portuguese: update dps this morning
the game stopped opening
It doesn't work at all
I am being harmed in the toty event, the PRS-ORG needs to take action about this
The game does not open, I have been trying to get in the game since 1pm
everything was alright, working normally until the early hours of the morning.
And so the fact that I can't get into the game to play, farm packs, etc. is hurting me in the event.
and I'm not the only one going through this, a lot of people that play on PC are going through the same situation
Yes, previously I just solved this anti-cheat problem by reinstalling the anti-cheat
But starting today, it no longer gets solved.
I tried everything and the game won't open
it continues to always give the same error.
Everything's okay, thanks very much
Good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please state your name?
I would like to report a mistake.
Last night, I was playing PRS-ORG and I joined a PRS-ORG draft match
I won the game, but it didn't count as a victory
I'd like to know if there's any type of compensation/refund that can be made
Ok, thanks
After that I played another game and lost.
And he also didn’t count it as a defeat
Therefore, I think teyja indeed has a bug
How so?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
I am obliged, I have a discount code for the game
which I won when I responded to a survey
but I can't redeem this code
that gave me R$29.00 of discount
this search was done within the PRS-ORG game
I got into the game and the survey appeared
I answered all of them and in the end I won the code
Brazilian Portuguese: when I went to finish the purchase there was an error and I couldn't finish it
because of this I can’t use the code
This is the code that I won ALPHANUMERICID
this is the order number which gave the error PHONENUMBER
gave me this code last week
I placed the order and got an error on 19/01
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M
Chamo*
So today I went to make the pp from the icon in dme to dme in the PRS-ORG and ended up picking the wrong card by mistake.
I wanted to know if you could help me.
Veio um blanco 89 é um kaka 89 era pra ter pego o kaka e acabei pegando o blanco
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG player pick de icon
Correto
Putz… it’s all right.
Not only that msm
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Opa
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm having trouble connecting to my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG app on the pc, and when I finally get in, it doesn't load my games, and I can't open PRS-ORG
thank you, I hope you are well too !
Yes, I can't connect
ok ok, thank you very much and good work!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I please have your name?
My name is Indian Nasty
I can't take this game anymore
Where are you?
Answer, son of a bitch
How do you manage to be so incompetent that you can't type up a fucking script message in less than 5 minutes?
Is Basic Education In India So Bad?
You will take a bath in the damn Ganges
Casino
Some reply, please
I lost my real money I am playing with bonus but it only lets me bet up to 25
Good afternoon, the betting limit is up to 25 with the bonus, and it can’t increase.
Look at the msg that I sent you.
I used to play with bonus and you allow me to bet up to 25
Why is that
And how much do I need to bet to be able to withdraw?
Okay
Any response?
You don’t solve anything
How much is left, I bet p
Release my withdrawal
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please indicate your name.
Availability of PRS-ORG
Do not let the game down by making it unavailable for purchase
Platform PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG plus
I am trying to buy the game
You are saying that I do not have an account in PRS-ORG while I do have one.
It is giving unavailable
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
Devender, I was earlier on the match, the match crashed and since then I can’t get into the ultimate team
It appears there was an error and will return to the main menu
Image is in the sent attachment.
Save me, please, lol
Wow, is it possible to correct?
That's great! ! ! !
Do you think I'll be able to play again today?
Is there a forecast?
To return
It would just be that.
Beauty then
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please indicate your name for me?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Opa
my granddaughter had stuck
Portuguese: when I'm managing my account it asks for an email, when I go to look for that email, it doesn't exist, I've never set an email address with an e
I can't confirm the email and change my account then.
that's more or less it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I ask your name, please?
I had already made a call about the purchase of 12,000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the failure to deliver the material.
I have made the prints you requested and I would like to know where to send them?
I have attached the TB here already...
I bought it in the shopping center within the PRS-ORG
As per the image above, there is a debit on my PRS-ORG account.
In the end, selling the game is easy...
Time to solve your problems...
Brazilian Portuguese: It is a game for the other
How can I get in contact?
How to contact the author of PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, can you please state your name?
good day NAME-N
I've been without access to the game PRS-ORG for 5 days.
NAME-N stays on the screen (connecting to the service )
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERIC CODE
Connection error with the server
which
NAME-F an internet technician and everything is normal here
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG I uninstalled and installed NAME-F again, the pc and it did not help
I tried this step by step guide.
if it's necessary, you can delete my game progression saved to start over
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm good, yeah
Look, I have a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an email that I do not access anymore.
I am able to log into the PRS-ORG site with this account.
But I'd like to make an account on the companion
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, and how about you?
Thank you.
So, my contact is because of a difficulty that I have.
I have two consoles where they share the same PRS-ORG account, but I would like to unlink one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
After unlinking the PRS-ORG account in this console, can I create a new account for it?
My gamertag on the PRS-ORG is NAME-N
So it no longer has any links to PRS-ORG?
Thank you NAME-M, you have helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I ask your name please?
Good night, NAME-M
I am unable to go online on my PRS-ORG 18 in PRS-ORG.
The following message appears: “We're sorry, but the PRS-ORG servers are currently down.
We're working to fix this issue.
Try again later.”
this has already been happening for many days
I mean, months
Impossible to believe that
It has been months already.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
thank you , I am okay yes , I linked my facebook account and didn't receive the token in the game
and there's only 2 hours left to get this token
in fact it was on youtube
I wrote wrong
I linked it up to YouTube but did not receive a token
EMAIL
the account for the game is the same as youtube
ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
bought the PRS-ORG and still can't play
After the opening screen where it says "press any button" I press it and it locks up
freezes and it doesn't let go
I keep trying to repair the game and start it again but it won't
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening NAME-N
NAME-M, that's my name
I made the DME of choice of icon on 25/01 but I received a single icon pack
In PRS-ORG I noticed that some are already receiving the correct package and I would like information.
My email is EMAIL
Can you confirm this?
They will get what?
What is Player Pic?
What page of the PRS-ORG can I monitor?
There is nothing on the page
Just a lot of complaints for the same reason
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am well thank God and with you, NAME-N ?
My game doesn't load and an error message keeps showing
I already uninstalled and installed 2 times.
And it continues to persist.
Unknown error, an unexpected error occurred.
Try again
This message appears on the login screen
Okay.
Everything is fine
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
Good day
I would like to try to recover an old PRS-ORG account
from which I no longer have access to the email
I had the following email: EMAIL
However, some time ago I changed this domain to EMAIL
Everything that was associated with it began to not arrive at the new domain.
One replaced the other
The registered email address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I have a problem to enter the game
I am even able to connect to the PRS-ORG site but I am not able to connect to the game
It says that my email is invalid
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you indicate your name please?
Good morning 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing alone in the middle of the matches, I have already deleted the game and installed it again and the problem still continues.
I can’t play PRS-ORG.
I already lost about 5 matches in the PRS-ORG with this issue.
Nothing appears on the screen and the game simply closes
It sometimes freezes and closes on its own and sometimes it closes out of nowhere
I have already deleted the game and reinstalled it, I have already restarted my PRS-ORG sereis x de fabrica pq achei q era o vídeo game, mais só PRS-ORG q tá fechando dessa forma
Especially but PRS-ORG matches, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask your name please?
NAME-M
Opa
So, I want to know how to uninstall my packages
Then
But you can't have the PRS-ORG anymore
Only PRS-ORG app
I only have the PRS-ORG APP
I can’t access the book that I bought on 21/01.
I already created the account, but it was not possible to finish the process, the system does not take the passwords entered.
I kindly request guidance for the cancellation since I was not able to do so through the site either.
EMAIL
January 14, 2021.
The divine code of life
Please the refund
Please
How do you do it without using the website?
I paid by credit card.
If I don’t receive the email, what should I do?
Do you have an email I can contact?
Okay, I'm waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
They just hacked into my account, I got in contact with you, I was stolen, I lost my team, my coins and still PRS-ORG sent me a message saying that I am distributing coins, it can only be a joke with me
Not a bit, since if I distribute coins, how could I block all accounts that have bought from my account?
At least everything that was listed tonight
How would I find out?
Yes
Currencies
Players
I played 1 match of the rivals next to 19:00
Ok
I will contact you tomorrow
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may I ask your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good day
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N My name
I requested a refund of PRS-ORG on day 02, but it was not updated nor did the email arrive to confirm to me.
nothing of the sort
that's the request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any feedback?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
my PRS-ORG App isn't updating at the rate the internet makes available
Brazilian Portuguese: it is much below the normal level
Brazilian Portuguese: in this case, the problem is to update the game via the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you give me your name, please?
My PRS-ORG Prime Gamer Pack I can't get
My name is NAME-M
About ultimete tem package from primegamer
Every month has one available for linked accounts
This month, I have not received it.
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND #PRS_ORG# DOES NOT LET ME ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
THE NEUROSCIENCE OF HAPPINESS
I HAVE NEVER BOUGHT, IT WAS MY FIRST E-BOOK
MY FIRST
PURCHASE
Zip code?
WHAT ZIP CODE?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: CEP #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
REGION OUN IN WHICH APPLIANCE?
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
I AM NOT SURE ABOUT THE EMAIL.
WHICH I USED IN THE #PRS_ORG# ACCOUNT..
I was able to access the account #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: but in the right corner after clicking in login I did not find the link of the #PRS_ORG#
I can't find the book I bought.
Hi #NAME#
was talking to his colleague
#EMAIL#
about 5/01
it was the only purchase I made via #PRS_ORG#.
msg appears that the book has been integrated to #PRS_ORG#
I went to access that app and there's nothing there
vc que sabe.
The person said she was going to send a book to my account and it was for me to tell her which book
okay
How do I do it?
I purchased the #PRS_ORG# e-book on the #PRS_ORG# website, which shows that the payment was made on 28/12/20 but it wasn’t made available on my #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
The purchase was made on December 28th.
Prior to this, the last book I bought was O Reacionário by #NAME#
28/12/#NUMBER#, but the book was not added to my library.
Of course.
#PRS_ORG#
Correct.
In my reader or computer, I didn't understand the question.
Yes, please wait a little.
ok, I am sending the attachment now.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I'll check it out.
Ok!
I received it, thank you very much.
No, it's all right.
Yes, I will.
I'm not able to open my book.
#EMAIL#
Jesus is the inspiration of the luminescent relationships.
It is in the ebook, but when I click it, it doesn't open and just gives me an error.
That's it.
It doesn't stop rotating, it shuts down, and afterwards, orange appears
Brazilian Portuguese: Not
#PRS_ORG#
No.
I don’t.
I am sorry, it's another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I don't see him any more
And now?
It does not appear.
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I did it.
Yes
He's downloading
Here it is, thank you
Thank you for fixing the problem.
Good morning, I am constantly having trouble accessing my account in #PRS_ORG#!
I enter my username and password correctly, but the message "We can't find an account with that email address or password" appears.
Verify that you typed it correctly."
ok
#EMAIL#
I think it was the book #PRS_ORG#
This
ok, I'm waiting
In software #PRS_ORG#, installed on my desktop(notebook), when I enter my login and password the message appears: "We did not find an account with that email or password.
Check that you entered it correctly."
The login and password I used before let me access the account!
So, what procedure should we follow to correct the problem?
Yesterday night I accessed it directly through #PRS_ORG# and I was able to access it, today I tried to access it and I can't!
Yesterday I accessed via #PRS_ORG# and today I can't!
What's happening?
Brazilian Portuguese: an instant that I am going to try
ok, I got it
thank you
Relaxed, all is okay!
Thank you.
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
EXMOS.
SRS.,
I NEVER HAVE HAD PROBLEMS WHEN BUYING A BOOK.
BUT NOW I CHANGED THE PREPAID-E VISA CARD-AND I MADE A MISTAKE.
WHAT COULD IT BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...FROM #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE:" OOPS, AN ERROR OCCURRED!
REVIEW YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE DATA IS CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE WITH #PRS_ORG# AND EVERYTHING WENT WELL
YES THIS IS ACTIVE AND HAS BALANCE
I AM IN #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I OPENED THE WINDOW ANONYMOUS AND CONTINUE AS BEFORE.
HE SAYS HE MADE A MISTAKE.
OK
Hello, I bought five books in the #PRS_ORG#, however three of them are not shown in the account.
They already tried to help me, but as it was not possible, they asked me to look for you.
#EMAIL#
I made the purchase on 20 January
But by #PRS_ORG#
It was not done directly through the #PRS_ORG# app no
I'm doing this
They remain unseen.
I left.
And now?
Hello.
I am
You need to log in.
I accessed my Cultura account
The missing books did not appear
#PRS_ORG#
ok
It did not solve it
Yes
Even the people at the Bookstore accessed my account and tried to make the manual insertion of the books, but still couldn’t make it.
Okay
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER# request #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE MYSTERY OF #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
These are the ones who didn't make it.
It worked!
They are already showing up here
Brazilian Portuguese: They do appear
Thank you very much.
Hello
I need nothing else.,Thank you
Hello, good afternoon.
My computer no longer recognizes my #PRS_ORG#.
We already tested it in three different computers, including different cables too.
What could it be?
Thank you.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember..
Can you help me without that date even?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Oh, I didn't get it.
It started about a month ago.
Mine is #PRS_ORG#
Imagine.
Yes it is, it is also charging normally when connected to the cable
That
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I didn't get it.
Should I keep trying with the cable?
I have even done the reset and it's still not there.
Is there any assistance I can go to?
But is it common for this to happen?
Coz I've already tried all cables here at home and nothing works
I have also redone the setting, and it hasn't helped at all.
Do you have a phone I can use?
Or some technical assistance?
Just online?
But the fact is that those instructions no longer worked... I wish someone could take a look at my e-reader.
I will keep trying but it doesn't seem to me that it's going to work again "out of the blue"
Ok.
Thank you then.
I'll see what I can do and anything back in touch...
Thanks!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
Something went wrong and this page can’t be loaded at this time.
Please try again later.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There was a problem and it wasn't possible to load this page right now.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
attempt at the first purchase yesterday and today
in the #PRS_ORG# app on android 9, in #PRS_ORG# on android 9
I also tried on chrome at #PRS_ORG#
not
Transaction in progress...
stays a long time in this message
Brazilian Portuguese: and then gives the error
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: it's taking too long too
I bought a 10€ card.
I scrape the card's pin
ok I already edited it
I'll try to buy it.
Brazilian Portuguese: ok it worked
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
already checked out
thank you.
goodbye
himself
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon
I was talking with another agent and disconnected the chat
#EMAIL#
I bought the book "coisas de Gabriel" at the book store #PRS_ORG# on January 14
But does not appear here in # PRS_ORG #
Ok.
I am waiting.
Ok
Ok.
Thank you
I am finding this strange since I ordered 2 books in the same order.
A book and a physics guy.
And they only sent me the physical NF, together with the physical book.
I entered the culture website and the ebook is there, ordered
And the cultural center's website doesn't have the option to get the NF
truth I used a gift card and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
That is the email I received from them
Tomorrow I will get in contact with them
Thank you!
It was just that.
Have a great day too
Hello!
I need help to start reading on the #PRS_ORG# reader.
I already synchronized, I already bought the first book (approved card) and I can't open the book anyway.
#EMAIL#
Today, just a few minutes ago
A moment
#NAME#
I can see the book, but when I click on it, it says to sync.
I've done this many times.
Apparec synchronized ok
Then it asks to contact support
What do you do around here?
OK.
Made
Now I start again
I need help with a purchased ebook that does not appear in my account
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening
I bought an e-book yesterday from the #PRS_ORG# website.
#EMAIL#
settling scores of #NAME#
Suppliers....bought yesterday from the #PRS_ORG# website
in my e-reader and on my cellphone
I am with my obo account opened on the smartphone, even while resynchronizing it still doesn't show up
I am going to open the ereader
I'm fixing it.
certain
Brazilian Portuguese: the book appeared
thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: it was only that
good afternoon
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening,
I tried to order 2 ebooks but when I proceed to process the payment (after entering the card number) it stays in process and doesn't go ahead.
#EMAIL#
I haven't made any purchases yet.
I am trying to make a purchase but when I go to process payment (after entering card number) it stays processing and does not proceed.
Brazilian Portuguese: website and application
I already tried it on both.
It does not have any special characters.
I am just trying to process the payment and the page won't advance.. Stuck on processing
Yes.. it happens the same way
Yes
I am doing it.
Brazilian Portuguese: One minute, please.
At this time, try creating a new account with a new email
Brazilian Portuguese: And it moved on to the "review" stage
Brazilian Portuguese: but when I press the “complete purchase” button, nothing happens
yes
I’ve already managed to get through this stage.
You have accepted the payment method but not completed the purchase
there's no error message
When I press the button "complete purchase" nothing happens
yes
I do not have #PRS_ORG#
but the site has already accepted payment
only fails to advance in the last step.
I already managed to do it.
I purchased ebooks and now they won't open
#EMAIL#
I do not remember, but it was in #NUMBER#.
They are the books of paradise and of new times
Not when I try to go back to the main menu
Smartphone
I think so
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Sure
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I have done this procedure several times.
Since February 3 I've been unable to complete the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# site.
When I click on complete the purchase the following message appears: Oops, an error occurred!
Check your payment information and try again.
I have tried it many times, but to no avail.
#EMAIL#
The last book I bought was on February 2, Seasons of Callan Read
thank you
Okay.
just wanted to apologize, the correct title of the book i mentioned above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I make the purchase on the website page of #PRS_ORG#
I already signed in.
Sorry, but I don't know how to exit incognito mode...
ok, I already managed to open an anonymous window, thanks.
So, now should I click on logout?
Ok, I'll try then
I still can’t complete the purchase...
Oops, there was an error!
Review your payment information and try again.
okay
I keep on failing...
okay
OK.
still waiting for the page to load
It still doesn't give...
okay
It won’t work either.
I usually use #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you very much for your help.
Then I'll wait.
Thanks and likewise!
Good afternoon,
I purchased an ebook via the wrong account, and I would like to know if I can transfer it to the correct account, or receive a refund for the amount I paid for the book.
Thank you very much,
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (I signed in via #PRS_ORG#), the correct account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted was to download the ebook to the email #EMAIL# because this is the one that I use and that is associated with my e-reader
Okay.
What should I do then?
An error occurred while processing your request.
request
In the site, through my computer
It says that it didn't find any account with this email
I tried to use my email associated with the #PRS_ORG# account and the email #PRS_ORG# created for me
You can not merge your two accounts as they are from the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Answer
I've already done it.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you.
It's done!
Thank you so much
Problem continues
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Should be older than 5 months
Should be over 5 months
I don't remember...
The problem continues
#EMAIL#
In Italian?
Is this serious?
The taste is...better
Rsrs
I can not open my book by #PRS_ORG#, the foundation of Paradise volume 2
I was already attended to by this channel, but unfortunately the guidance was ineffective
I was instructed as follows:
1. Brazilian Portuguese
On the home screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap the three horizontal bars on the left-hand side.
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
Tap Help & feedback at the bottom of the menu.
Brazilian Portuguese: 3
Tap on Repair your account.
4.
Tap Repair.
I did, but nothing... Before that, only one book.
I can not open any book now
Yes
The Foundation of Paradise Volume 2
After I get out of #PRS_ORG#, this home screen you are referring to is the home screen of the mobile phone browser, right?
#PRS_ORG#
That
Ok.
Ok.
I'll do it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day,
I am unable to access a book that I bought a while ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
#EMAIL#
GTD Fazer acontecer
I deceived myself #PRS_ORG# doing the right things
I have not managed to access.
I see the book and I see that it has a 34% read but I cannot open it.
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I'm in a PC.
This option doesn't appear to me
I have no remedy.
to turn off
it is solved.
Thank you
that's it.
thank you
Hello,
I am trying to download my purchased books on my account #PRS_ORG# in order to transfer to my #PRS_ORG# device.
I followed the website’s step by step, but I can’t export the book to an EPUB version, which will allow me to transfer to #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do this?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
clear
I will check it
the title was
At the time of the decision
I bought on my smartphone
I know how to do this.
the file appears on my computer but I can't install it on #PRS_ORG#
yes
I am.
I have not received an error message
The file format is not allowed in #PRS_ORG#.
But it should, says the website of #PRS_ORG#
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device.
from another brand
I can open it in #PRS_ORG#
What the #PRS_ORG# site says is that starting from #PRS_ORG# I can convert to EPUB format.
can you tell me if there is another way to do this?
etendo
thank you
I bought a book and it is not available to me.
nor in "my books" in my login
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/02/21
yellow dog
of #NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
they are the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: the pgto was confirmed by them
same
I'm making arrangements, hold on
I tried to send it in.
doc but not accepted.
How can I send it to you?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: serves?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I am accessing
wait
by the way, I tried to download a free book "reason to kill" and I had to go through the whole purchasing procedure.
Brazilian Portuguese: he's also not available
Brazilian Portuguese: I did yesterday, ante yesterday.
the problem is recurring.
says I have it but it isn't available
it worked.
I forgot to synchronize
thank you.
we can end the chat
OK.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
how long for delivery??
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: that's what you think
Brazilian Portuguese: is it possible to cancel it
How?
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: The delivery takes a long time
Brazilian Portuguese: it's possible to get it faster
Brazilian Portuguese: I need it urgently.
Brazilian Portuguese: can you cancel it?
i understand
Brazilian Portuguese: you can cancel
thank you
thank you, I do not need to do anything else
thanks
I can not visualize a title I bought on # PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: the challenging sale
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
the challenging sale
desktop
I'll do it
The Brazilian Portuguese: He appeared.
thank you very much!!
Just that, right
thank you so much
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and when I was reading a book I tried to use the dictionary function and it tells me that no definition was found.
I have already tried this with 3 books in Portuguese and one in English.
I've already uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries and it still does not work
#EMAIL#
To make the trapped dragonfly on the amber purchased today, February 14th, #NUMBER#, unusual
Yes
It's done.
It asks you to synchronize.
Sync?
Only on the device
Brazilian Portuguese: Ok requested an update.
Should I update now?
I already updated
It’s up and running
Thank you very much
I bought an ebook, but it’s not on my ebooks list.
my email is #NAME#
Up until then, I did not have.
I see it already...
On #PRS_ORG#'s computer.
I don't know about the cell phone.
Sorry but it’s the first time I buy one and it was awesome
ebook
okay.
It is okay.
Ready
yes, I have entered it already
I got into my books
And it appears
I clicked the same one
I clicked twice on the cover and a page with the summary and now?
It is not working on the computer, I'll try on the phone. Sorry for the inconvenience.
I will try and if I can't manage it, I will bother you again. Thank you for now.
Equally so!!!
Good morning, is it possible to buy newspapers in the #PRS_ORG# store?
Hello #NAME#, can you read my subscription for #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
I still have not bought any book.
I would like to use my #PRS_ORG# subscription
It does not hurt
Could you answer my question?
Excuse me did you read my question?
I did not mention books.
I saw that #PRS_ORG# has a News and Mags section but I don't know how to access that section
Thank you
Yes I could give the feedback since I specifically bought it for that purpose
Good evening,
I can't set up my #PRS_ORG#.
I have tried several times and it does not leave the same initial message
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Hello
thank you
#PRS_ORG#
no, what happens is that the screen does not exit this message (attached), despite the pc application saying that synchronisation has been completed
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
i can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to wifi either
no, it was offered to me by a person who no longer wanted it
thanks, of course.
Yes, I have downloaded the application already.
done
It didn’t happen, it just stayed on the screen where I sent the photo.
what does "download #PRS_ORG# desktop" say
Yes
made
I am going to try with another cable.
worked!
that was the problem
no, thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon
I am in contact again
I bought an e-book yesterday and can't access it
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
MIME type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent a copy of the invoice
I need a return
I do not want a refund
I want the book
What is it?
I'm trying in #PRS_ORG#
Excuse my ignorance
Brazilian Portuguese: By phone
They say there is no such thing
Look, I'm tired of this game of push and pull, I call over there, they say I have to speak to you, I speak to you and they say it's over there
First and last purchases.
I want a solution
I do not want a refund.
Hello, I want to buy the ebook, but I can’t login using the same password from #PRS_ORG#.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
I don't have an idea, it must have been more than a year ago
Brazilian Portuguese: hi
A Moment
I'm consulting
See the Arrival of the Third Reich
Brazilian Portuguese: okay
Brazilian Portuguese: then
Well, when you choose #PRS_ORG#, you're not accepting the same password as #PRS_ORG#
Understand?
I'm not able to get in touch with them.
they do not answer the contact phone
I have not found a chat like this
difficult
yes
ok
It is better like this.
do I wait for the email?
combined, thanks
Thank you
Good evening, I lost access to the book that I was reading (purchased from #PRS_ORG#).
I think it was after I had connected it to my PC.
It was only 10% through the reading.
How can I solve this?
I think it's the #EMAIL#.
if not, it could be the #EMAIL#
Thank you
On #PRS_ORG# I used to have access to the book, but now when I click, it says it is not possible to access it.
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you I am experimenting
I am restarting
it is already fixed!
If I wanted to share a book with my mother (as I would with a physical book), could I do this?
Yes, I know, I was asking, by comparison
in other words, I wish my mother could read a book I bought at #PRS_ORG#, is there any way?
or should I borrow you my personal #PRS_ORG#?
in other words, is it possible to use my account in 2 #PRS_ORG# simultaneously?
Perfect, thank you very much :)
Likewise!
Thank you for the help!
I bought the ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR, on 02/22/#NUMBER#, and so far it hasn't appeared on #PRS_ORG# for me to read.
I bought from #PRS_ORG# where it says that it was sent to #PRS_ORG#.
I spoke with them on the phone and they stated that you are the ones who must solve the problem.
#EMAIL#
The date of the last purchase is February 22, 2019.
Ebook title: UNVEILING OUR HOME.
I'm going to get it now from my email. It's just a moment.
How can I send it to you?
Does just her number work?
It is in PDF.
I will try the screenshot.
but send me an email.
Okay.
I'll send it, it'll only take a moment.
I sent the invoice, by email.
It’s in a PDF.
Okay.
Thank you for the attention!
Okay.
Correct.
I'm going to do it right now in the #PRS_ORG# app on my phone.
Brazilian Portuguese: Now it has appeared.
Thank you very much!
Is it that the next time I make a purchase I will have the same problem?
Good evening, and thank you very much!!
Now I am back.
Since the network went down, I don't know if you are online
Hello #NAME#, I am returning.
my email is #EMAIL#
I entered this email in the #PRS_ORG# and only the book Dom Casmurro appeared.
How do I access the others in #PRS_ORG#?
I prefer your suggestion, because #EMAIL# is the sign-up email for #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
But where do I find e-books to sync?
Great!
Thank you.
I synchronized, but no books have been added to My Books yet.
Yes, it does
Hallelujah!!!
It worked.
Thank you very much #NAME#.
Thank you.
It is all in order.
Health and good luck!
Hug.
Questions with book purchases and invoicing
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: still haven't used
Do you manage to read when making a purchase, on the different machines?
computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
and can the billing be with data from my company?
okay
i will then check in the account
How do I enter company data and NIF?
I say the company details to get the invoice'
I am not finding
only account
By the way, bills
I can't see my account
I cannot view the e-book “ifrs, accounting creativity and frauds” by author #NAME#, which I have already paid for via bank slip, since 2/18/2021.
#EMAIL#
IFRS, creative accounting and fraud
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I do have
I am
I already noticed
Great, it’s in my account
Thanks a lot.
Score 10 service
Just was right, thanks 😁
Also, I will evaluate you for the great attention
I have not received the Ebook that I bought.
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#, signed up and I can't access it.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Ebook: UNVEILING OUR HOME, bought on 22/02/#NUMBER#
It was in that email where I made the purchase and registered myself at #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
No.
I’m waiting with the email open.
I sent the email with the code you sent me.
I tried to link and it didn't work.
I followed these steps there, and it did not work.
I want to know just what the problem is.
In the options I click on #PRS_ORG# and there is no connection with this account.
I'll try.
Hello, are #NAME# plans for gyms?
Hi, are #PRS_ORG# plans for gyms?
not for companies, but individual plans that a physical person can hire to go to gyms
How does those different plans work?
#NAME#
Thank you for informing me the values!
And I am looking for a plan that enables me to attend physical gyms for example 24 hours a day, amc and not online classes.
Hi, I am here
thank you for the information
Have a good week.
Good morning.
Yesterday I scheduled a class, but it was frustrated.
When I arrived at the studio it was closed.
I would like my credits back and not be charged anything extra.
Thank you
Correct!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After a period without reading through the app, I entered and my ebooks had disappeared.
These were books from #NAME#.
My other question is whether I can download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them out.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No merit, #NAME#
Hello, thank you
That's it.
There aren't any here
I had one, but I deleted the account.
Brazilian Portuguese: Now it's just this
#EMAIL#.
I had to change the account with you but apparently it had worked
I would like you to transfer to the #PRS_ORG# account, please, and cancel the other one
There were many #NAME#
Well, if you need me to tell you some titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, non-merit, marketing and archetype.
Ok, just one moment
Tem #NAME#
I will see.
my daughter has account #PRS_ORG# and she is unable to get a book
from my daughter (who is the one with the problem now is: #EMAIL#
or I can purchase it on my account and let my daughter read it
Hello #NAME#
my daughter has account #PRS_ORG# and is not able to purchase a book
Or can I purchase it under my account and allow my daughter to read it?
Yes?
Brazilian Portuguese: Da relogio de gua
water
11.99
I have already tried to purchase through her #PRS_ORG# reader and on my PC.
None of them were a success
So far I guess it didn't debit the card.
But neither am I able to be certain at this moment since it sometimes takes a bit of time until the banking system synchronizes the transactions
No.
Not expired
Can I purchase and allow my daughter to read?
It's that I also have account #PRS_ORG#, through which I purchased 2 and readers
Ah!
I mean can I always buy books on my own account and share with my daughters, or can I only share once?
I did not understand.
yes
Confirm then ff if the purchase was or wasn't made so that I can try another way,
Brazilian Portuguese: Okay?
thank you
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: that is it.
Thank you and good afternoon.
I made a purchase of an English ebook, it was #URL# on my credit card, but it doesn’t appear in my #PRS_ORG# for downloading.
What do I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author...ebook in English
No, because I didn’t buy it via #PRS_ORG#.
I bought it directly from #PRS_ORG# card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
No.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: But I don't use it
I'll check and let you know.
I need further information
How can I buy English ebooks?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: Maybe.co
The purchase did not go well because of this.. language
That's okay.
Thank you #NAME# for your attention.
I found a debit, and then saw that it was even older.
Not obliged.
I'm talking to #PRS_ORG# where I bought it.
It has an acquisition number.
😊
Problem with the file.
#EMAIL#
February 05
Thank you, #NAME#
I bought the ebook Aprenda a viver o agora today.
When I try to open it, an error appears informing me that the document cannot be opened
I already synced the eReader three times and it still shows the same error
in the #PRS_ORG# ereader
Okay.
I am restoring it right now.
I'm monitoring the update bar of the restore
Will you warn me when it is updated, please?
Hello
Is at the end of updating
I tried now
And it didn't open
It goes on with the same error.
The following notification appears: “Opa!
Could not open this document."
OK
A moment
A moment
You're downloading the books again.
One moment.
It worked
Thank you so much!
Good job:)
Brazilian Portuguese: No
It has already helped
Thank you very much.
I was chatting with #NAME#, I did everything that they said and I can’t finish a purchase because you are telling me an error occurred
#EMAIL#
Several, Terra Alta
I already spoke with your colleague #NAME# and I did what he said to do, but the problem is still there
What information did you delete?
They are doing me over.
I've already done it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Read what is said to you sff
I can not do the checkout of the purchase
I don’t know what your colleague has done, or not done
I am not able to complete purchases on #PRS_ORG#
Do you want to talk about it or not?
I've already added the information.
But here it appears that it is not about following a standard but rather personalizing the problem and finding a solution
I only have one credit card
I always use the same without problems
Then the same happens, I stop another officer and it starts all over again
How do you want me to feel if you don’t do anything?
There are no missing informations, everything is there
I’m going to do it all again.
Hello, I am unable to access my Ebook that I purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
february 12, 2013 LETTERS OF A STOIC, VOLUME I
I use this email itself on #PRS_ORG#...and on the account of #PRS_ORG#
I only bought it and I can't access it with the account #PRS_ORG#
I added another ebook to #PRS_ORG# ...ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I'm going to check it out.
I will send you a picture
Visitor uploaded: Sem-título.jpg
URL: #URL#
MIME type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found it in my email
I will send you
Brazilian Portuguese: just 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox (1.080)#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I'm sorry.
I'm going to order you
complete
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I'll check it out
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: was added
Brazilian Portuguese: just that
thank you very much.
for your attention
thank you very much.
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
I need assistance to recover and transfer the books: education against barbarism, the #PRS_ORG# account #EMAIL# to my
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
I managed to retrieve a book with the help #NAME# I managed to retrieve a book but two are still missing
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: as I can't try on the #PRS_ORG# account
Education against barbarity and the circuit of affects.
I can’t.
Brazilian Portuguese: if possible, can you kindly make the transfer to me.
Brazilian Portuguese: did not arrive
I'm trying to see it on the mobile phone #PRS_ORG#
Thank you it worked I was able to retrieve the books.
not only the three I bought and the ones I already had in the #PRS_ORG# account.
thank you
Good afternoon!
God bless your day.
I bought the ebook Mundança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação.
The purchase was made on culture, but I cannot open it on #PRS_ORG#.
According to the Bookstore, the ebook is erroneous and I should seek support from you.
#EMAIL#
15/01/#NUMBER#
the book is: Mudança de Mindset - a new way of thinking about education
no, just this email
I also made a preview
but I did make a purchase in #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the email confirming the purchase
but, I can access the note
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I did not receive the PDF with the Note or the XML from the Bookstore
but, by logging into my account at #PRS_ORG#, that message that it has already been sent appears.
Also, I received the following message from Cultura:
How are you?
We appreciate the new opportunity;
Keep an eye on your email, in relation to order #PHONENUMBER#, we have spoken to #PRS_ORG# and a fault has been detected on the ebook.
They asked you to contact #PRS_ORG# support directly, via the CHAT.
the book appears on the library shelf
now
I will read... o
thanks
equally
Good afternoon!
I am trying to play an audio book, but it only plays 4 minutes.
#EMAIL#
The duke and I.
yes
Smartphone
I just did it
The problem has been solved.
Thank you so much!
No.
Thank you for your help.
Have a nice afternoon.
Last night I received my #PRS_ORG# and it won't even give me the dictionary or translator.
I would like you to help me, thank you.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes I've already done all that.
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
E dps when I try to use it, it appears this.
I would like you to help me, thank you
Yes
I bought it today.
Yes
It's okay
It's alright
Already works thank you kind regards
I need a help to find my book I just bought
#EMAIL#
The Girl on the Train
Brazilian Portuguese: please
my account receipt #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
sapiens
Where?
so i tried the synchronize button
because that is what the website has ordered
and nothing entered
how does one do it?
done
okay.
I synchronized and it did not enter.
ok
Yes
nothing
yes
How do you do it?
yes
thank you
appeared
he's downloading.
thank you very much for your help
Brazilian Portuguese: yes everything is ok
not very thank you
I would like to know the subscription plan values
Is she okay?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works - values and whether I can use it in weightlifting classes
Is it in euros?
Brazilian Portuguese: not in real?
Can you tell how many credits you use for #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thank you!
I found it too expensive for someone who goes 3 times a week...
Good evening.
I would like to inform you that they charged my membership fees again without confirming my return to the gyms.
I haven’t gone out for safety reasons mainly because we’re in the red phase.
I would like to ask for a refund, please.
I cancelled my plan but they still charged me.
I await the return.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer.
I don't have anywhere to use all the credits I have
I want a refund
Yes.
Thank you.
I'll watch if the refund is made in these days.
Can I not transfer my credits to another person?
I understand.
Thank you
I would like to know values of the packages for individuals.
Brazilian Portuguese: good day
I need to know the value and can not find it in the website
how can you help me?
I would like to know how are your packages, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits for example
Improper billing
Hello
how are you?
Hello!
There was a payment from your company on my credit card.
But not a customer anymore.
CPF #PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: telephone #PHONENUMBER#
I don't remember.
maybe it was because of #PRS_ORG#
or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
sure, with the cpf you can't do anything?
credit card fine #NUMBER# mastercard
I have not
Can I cancel the payment with the bank then?
I've already sent you my CPF, unfortunately I don't have any other email addresses
Brazilian Portuguese: maybe you lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what should I do then?
Portuguese (Brazil): I have a #PRS_ORG# value on my credit card
I want your company to send me an email saying that I have no affiliation with you and that the value is not correct
#EMAIL#
I am at work and I can't stay here for too long.
okay
Thank you!
#NAME#
There was a wrong charge on my account.
#NAME#
I don't have all that information at hand.
I do not remember the day I cancelled it
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
04/21
only I can't remember the date I canceled it
Brazilian Portuguese: 08/10/#NUMBER#
Hello, good evening!
How are you?
Hello #NAME#, how are you?
I would like to reactivate my subscription, if there are 14 days free
and also for a lower value/plan
because when I click on reactivate
the value filled automatically is this´#NUMBER# with 30 credits...and I want 99 with up to 15 credits
Can you help me out?
Brazilian Portuguese: here's a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Could you check if I can get the 10 credit benefit (14 days free)?
I want to try a studio and I want to make sure I can cancel my plan if I don't like the studio.
I can’t find the Pilates studio I go to to schedule the class.
#PRS_ORG#
It was where I had the last class
I'll try again.
I have not made any reservation for #NUMBER#
Is there a cancellation on today's schedule?
when I search for the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
1.
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
#PRS_ORG#
when I choose option 1, it opens the page #URL#
and when I choose option 2 (which I need to schedule the class), it opens the page #URL#
So, they're not answering #PRS_ORG#
Does it have anything to do with the pandemic?
Sure?
Hello, I have the plan of 15 monthly credits and I can't book a swimming class at #PRS_ORG#, every time I try to pay it gives an error.
Hi #NAME#.
Yes
Could you tell me if I need a specific plan to book SWIMMING?
Yes, please.
Good day.
I would like to learn more about how credits work.
For example, with the plan I have with 30 credits, how many classes can I access?
Thank you!
likewise !
I am
I understand!
I would like to hire for pilates sessions that will be on average 2x a week, in studios that are very close to my house
Brazilian Portuguese: or any activity that is not a gym
struggle, perhaps.
Brazilian Portuguese: the plans are monthly, right?
Sorry ahaha I have another doubt
in the home page, the available plans and the quantity of credits will be displayed
Brazilian Portuguese: together, "mark until x classes" appears
How does it work?
How many classes does it indicate there are per week or per month?
I understood.
thank you very much!
You are charging my card inappropriately.
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
DATE OF CANCELLATION: a year ago already.
Charge: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been charged in recent months
In 26/12/#NUMBER# a charge was made
Oops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
that
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... with the value of R$ 189.00 for example, can I use any gym, do one check in per day, how much is each check in for classes, or massages?
#NAME#
#NAME#, I would like to know how the plan works... for the amount of R$ 189.00 for example, can I use any gym, make a check-in per day, how much is the check-in for each class or massage?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, in #PRS_ORG#
I am in São Paulo.
Brazil
#URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: in that gym, for example, to do a class, do you know how much it would cost?
Good afternoon!
I requested a quote and, to date, I have not had a response to my request.
I am waiting for the contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not answer
Yes, for corporate hire
Yes.
I work at #PRS_ORG# and I’d like to know the corporate plans to hire employees at #PRS_ORG#
1) Your commercial email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company name: #PRS_ORG#
3) local: São Paulo
I do not have an account with the #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#
I work at #PRS_ORG# and would like to know the corporate plans to hire for the employees of #PRS_ORG#
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG# yet!
The corporate data is as follows:
1) Your business email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company Name: #PRS_ORG#
3) Local: São Paulo
The #PRS_ORG# does not have!
I requested a quote via the Corporate Subscriptions page but did not get a response
Ok, I will re-create the quotation process
Thanks!
Doubt about Training/Credit
Hi
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning
I have a doubt before signing a plan
If I sign up for the plan of #NUMBER# a month, can I only go to the gym 5 times a month because I only have 5 credits?
I in the case just want to go to the gym to workout in person
I don’t care much for online classes.
Brazilian Portuguese: dx let's see if I understood
If I sign up for the #NUMBER# one, can I go to the gym to workout Monday to Friday and are the credits only for the online class?
I'm going to change my question
to see if you can understand properly.
with the #NUMBER# plan, can I go to the gym from monday to friday in the month to do my workout that I already have in mind without having to worry about this business of adding credit?
I am not interested in online class or anything like that
I more or less understand.
Brazilian Portuguese: one more thing.
for example.
Brazilian Portuguese: the #NUMBER# plan has 5 credits, if the normal class at the gym is 1 credit I can only go 5 times a month
all is well.
kkkkk
Brazilian Portuguese: the minimum value of the gyms is from 1 credit for workout?
I understood it.
thank you very much, bye
Good job.
kkk
Hello
Hi, don't you speak Portuguese?
thank you!
I would like to know how much credit I need to attend the gym at least 3x a week
I did not find on the website information about the fees that the academies charge...
I like #PRS_ORG# from Paulista Av.
Brazilian Portuguese: specifically from the YOGA lessons
okay
ok, thanks for the information
Hello,
I WOULD LIKE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#!
I am #NAME#, I have a gym in Porto Alegre and would like more information about your service and the possibility of becoming a partner
ok, I'll take a look and return any doubts
Do not you have this page in Portuguese?
TKS
Brazilian Portuguese: no, thank you
I would like to cancel
Just please confirm if the cancellation went through
No.
Good evening!
I've already started two other chats, but they disappear
I would like to have the credits back for classes that did not happen
A stretching class on Saturday at #PRS_ORG# gym, and an Astanga class at #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: No.
The stretching class was on the 22nd of this month
And Astanga on #PRS_ORG# on October 5th
None occurred.
Okay:)
It's okay
I'll warn!
Thank you!!
Good night!
Hello.
I would like to receive the credit for the classes that did not happen
Ok :))
Hello, I have problems with managing my credits
It is stated that the 24 credits I have will expire tomorrow, and I can't schedule a lesson for next Saturday with these credits.
However, I am only keeping my subscription active with you, during the pandemic when everything is closed, because I received an email saying that credits would no longer expire with cycle exchanges.
Okay.
Yes
OK, when you go to consult, the main issue is that the credits no longer expire
I'll wait for the email.
Hugs.
Hello!
I booked a class that didn’t happen and didn’t receive the credits back.
This is the second time that this has happened.
I would like to get the credits for the lesson that did not happen back :)
Hello, we are a national association with more than 40,000 servers in our database, we are interested in establishing a partnership to offer plans with differentiated values.
I await contact.
thanks
could you send me the form please
thank you very much
Hello, I've been charged for a plan that I am not using, and I am requesting a return.
And how do I sign the document over to another person?
Why is my money not free to be spent just like that?
Thank you very much!!
I would like to know about gyms in sao paulo
#NAME#
How do I find out the price charged in each gym?
Do credits allow you to go to all gyms?
I understand.
thank you .. I will think about it
Brazilian Portuguese: signature
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi
i tried to sign up
charged my card
Brazilian Portuguese: and blocked
I was in doubt.
Brazilian Portuguese: if it was or not
#EMAIL#
I signed up for 14 days test
I informed my card
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: and then bloayeo
Blockade
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I can't change my credit card on the website
Hello
I am unable to update the data, my card is working fine
I tried both.
inclusive
Brazilian Portuguese: none worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Ok
I'll wait
Okay.
I have a class at 16:45, I wanted to understand if I'll manage to do it or if I have to cancel it because the account is suspended
Okay, I'll do that.
And what about the class?
Can I cancel at no cost until I get this sorted?
Only today's because even I can talk to the bank it may take a while!
That was all it was!
Any problem just let me know.
thank you!
Do I cancel class or do you cancel?
Ok thank you
have a good day too!
Hello, good day
I would like to know if I can suspend the subscription for a period
Hi #NAME#.
yes
I need to take a break from my classes, but I would like to keep my account
Brazilian Portuguese: and the credits
Yes.
just confirm me if it's possible to freeze the subscription
How long will I be able to take time off?
Brazilian Portuguese: the charge will be suspended
I understood.
Brazilian Portuguese: then every month I'll have to get in contact to renew the suspension?
okay.
In Portuguese: which is the best day to call each month?
Good evening
How is Td going?
For the second time I got to the establishment to do yoga and my name wasn't on the list
I have been making the reservations normally and also the credits.
Ok thanks.
Okay.
Thank you very much !
Notify her pf.
Just that, good night.
Hello, good day.
I am trying to make a reservation on #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but an error message appears.
I already tried two different time slots... How do I book?
Thank you #NAME#!
:)
No problem.
Do you need any information from me?
#EMAIL#
Hello good afternoon
Hello good afternoon!
#NAME#, everything's great and I hope you're doing well
I would like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
How can I cancel?
this link is not opening
could you help me out in another way?
All is well, I'm awaiting your confirmation and if possible you could send an email with confirmation of cancellation.
is there any confirmation email?
Everything is correct, thank you very much
Hello!
I’m from Brazil and I saw that you have several affiliated gyms in São Paulo, but I can’t access the Brazilian rates.
Where do I see my country’s price?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Thank you!
And how does it work?
Do I spend a credit with each class?
Can it be used at any of the affiliated gyms?
I got it!
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# gym from the #PRS_ORG#
I understood.
Is there any other fee that I need to pay, like registration fee, for example?
Will the charges be taken from my Real account, so that I don't have to pay tax for making an international transaction?
Right!
I'll think about it and get back to you.
Thank you very much.
Just that.
Thanks
Good evening.
I have a question to ask.
Hello #NAME#
I would like to understand the R$189 plan per month = 30 credits
Each booking corresponds to 1 credit, is that it?
Why not 30 credits, but only for 9 classes?
Would these be 9 types of classes or just 9 classes in the monthly period?
I don’t know if my doubt was clear 🥲
It still has not been clarified.
So I can only make 9 bookings on this plan, is that right?
Ahhh I got it.
But why 9 classes?
That is the most “lesson options” I can choose in this plan, is that it?
For example: bike, pilates, yoga, swimming, weightlifting etc..
Not being able to choose more than 9 options?
What do you mean?
Hummmmmm
So I take the 9 classes out of my head?
kkkkkkk
Perfect
That was it then
Good evening.
I would like to request the reimbursement of my credits.
Because of my location, there is nothing available for use.
How do I recover the values?
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund for my credits.
Because of my location there is nothing available for use.
How to recover the values?
OK
Okay.
Thank you very much.
It wasn't being advantageous for me to not offer anything around.
Thanks!
Good afternoon, I'd like to know about the activities in Campinas SP.
Hi.
for what I saw
It only has 1 studio that accepts you here in Campinas
Does the gym have anything else?
Do they intend to have more in Campinas?
My "Music" book does not show the images either on the #PRS_ORG# or on the mobile.
Is there any better version?
Sure!
:) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
That is what happens.
On the mobile it is the same.
I do not know if it is not having the file corrupted or if it is a general problem
I just said that the error happens in the android... and it does not happen with any other book.
Yes :)
But only in this book
I know where to get it fixed thanks
But is it worth fixing just because one file is giving trouble?
The other books don't give
I made the purchase of a book with a different email from the initial one and the purchase was accepted with a promotional card #PRS_ORG# that was sent to the device, but I cannot open it.
What to do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
OK
Police
I am looking for the model designation, but it is at the top of your list
still not opening
Brazilian Portuguese: book not appearing is not working but does not open
it´s just a moment while I switch on the camera
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: still without opening but I will send you the information that appears to me
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
already is
Is it for setting up the ereader?
Away from the PC?
I have
Okay.
okay and thanks
Yes, and thank you again for your attention.
equally
Hi, how are you doing?
A few months ago I needed to reinstall the #PRS_ORG# application on my PC.
When I did, I lost all my purchased books.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thank you.
Cell phone for contact: #PHONENUMBER#
my account was #EMAIL#.
However, that email doesn't exist anymore, it was hacked.
When I restored the application, it automatically changed to #EMAIL#
I was wrong, sorry.
Brazilian Portuguese: it has always been #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Yes, please!
Thank you!
I will test here
sorry, where do i sync it?
In your computer or in your own #PRS_ORG#?
the computer does not have the application
he is new.
How about low?
in device #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
I have done this before, but it's giving an error
Yes, synchronization error
ok, so one minute
It seems to be working!
It's only one minute to finish
,it seems everything went well
do I need to do anything else?
ok, thank you very much!
Happy new year.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon,
I made a booking of points via protocol #PRS_ORG# You and would like to know which publishing partners have been selected so that I can enjoy my book?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Of course: #EMAIL#
I have not made any purchase via the #PRS_ORG# website yet
I made an attempt to redeem points on #PRS_ORG#'s website through #PRS_ORG# You, and was provided a code which allows me to buy a book from your store.
however any book that I select is not allowed, and when I went to see the rules it says that it only applies to some selected partner publishers, and I would like to know which they are
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
For sure, one moment please
It appears on the list as pending
Brazilian Portuguese: it’s already available!
thank you very much for the help
No, thank you for your help
I can read e-books on the #PRS_ORG# normally, but they won't download on the #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
December 29.
Not loading the e-books.
Says: "care
It says: "Loading...." and nothing happens
I have uninstalled #PRS_ORG# several times and installed it again.
I have restarted #PRS_ORG# several times.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# (3rd generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I have already done it.
It still doesn't charge.
Do not open the book.
I turned it off and on again.
I deleted the app.
Not at all.
I went into the settings.
Yes
There is no "archive"
I am in “armanezamento”
I didn't find anything
I did not find "restart"
"Slide to power off," is what came up.
I turned it off.
I called again.
I found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I'm seeing my e-books
I didn’t even have to log in
Good afternoon, I can not buy books with any credit card only with gift card.
How can I solve the problem?
#EMAIL#
The latest was just now, and it's called The Only Woman
Mobile phone
The eReader has also been used to try and buy
#NAME#
Yes, you can do that
Yes
I think it has already been entirely eliminated.
Ok.
Then?
OK I'm in process
Good afternoon.
I purchased the e-book "A Promised Land" by Barack Obama on November 17.
I had previously downloaded the file to my #PRS_ORG# but it has now disappeared and I cannot download it again.
#EMAIL#
day 01/12
thanks
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: an e-reader #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: claro
functioned
I just finished.
thanks.
at the moment, no
I who thank you
equally
How to enable Family Sharing
#EMAIL#
December 29th
That's it.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
Purchased books do not load on #PRS_ORG#
The wheel turns and turns but does not go in
I don’t receive the error message
I signed out and signed back in.
Do not presume to log in.
The problem persists.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Books purchased from Cultura are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#
I can see the covers, but not the text.
I reinstalled the app and the problem continues
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3 generation and #PRS_ORG#
I didn’t understand.
I have a free book from #PRS_ORG# and it works fine
In books bought, the app indicates that it's "loading" and never loads anything.
At #PRS_ORG# I can read normally, and at #PRS_ORG# I have trouble.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# of #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I'm with #PRS_ORG# on this account
I am browsing the book at this moment on #PRS_ORG#
I'm trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: Waiting, with no problems
The book of the "Milícias" is not appearing.
Yes.
Reappeared, but still not loading.
I'm looking forward to your contact.
I'll have lunch.
Thanks for the help so far.
Thank you.
A good year to you and your team.
I am unable to download the ebook
Hello
Hello
#EMAIL#
Our Daily Bread
Okay
On the mobile phone #PRS_ORG#
I can, only the bread that we eat today that won't open
No, it just keeps rolling the ball and then goes back to the screen of the book cover
I have done it before.
If I leave the screen, I lose the chat
I purchased an ebook from Cultura on 12/28 and to date it is not released for me to read.
The title is What is Inclusive Education.
It has already been billed, I have received an invoice, and I am unable to synchronize it!
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 28/12/#NUMBER#
The purchase code is # #PHONENUMBER#-01
okay
I've already done it.
still not showing up... only what I bought in June #NUMBER#
that's what I sent earlier...
# #PHONENUMBER#-01
that is the purchase
I paid with my credit card, it's already billed and it says it was sent at #PRS_ORG#'s website!
I just don't understand why they haven't released it until now...
Another address?
but my email #PRS_ORG# is what I gave you?!
I have the tax invoice that I received by email
I will forward.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
There it is!
That
It's not appearing in my app yet...what should I do?
Brazilian Portuguese: It's there now!
Finally!
Thank you so much!
I who thank you!
I have doubts.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: It should take a couple of days.
hello
How's it going?
I'm starting to read on #PRS_ORG# now
I can't mark the page
Brazilian Portuguese: no
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#
I still can't
When I get to the ''Notes'' section, what should I do?
I do not see the option to mark the page.
Brazilian Portuguese: a page fold icon doesn't show up on the upper right corner of the page
still can't
nothing
I have already done that.
I can't reach you on the phone, can I?
Okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
Brazilian Portuguese: still nothing
What is #NAME#?
thank you
goodbye
Password
I bought 05/01
Hi somebody there
#EMAIL#
I have a problem with my password
If I put my child’s e-mail, will I be able to do it?
OK
No cell phone
I don't have a computer.
Yes, I have a problem synchronizing with the bookstore to have the book I bought
Not going to
Moment only
I succeeded with another email.
How do I gain access to the book?
And they all lived happily ever after.
Just minutes
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
You saw the 2 that I sent is missing, 1 number
What I do, I call the bookstore
I purchased from #PRS_ORG#
I'm going to call the bookstore
Thank you.
Okay
I just bought an ebook and I want to download the book on my cellphone.
#EMAIL#
07/01/#NUMBER#
I purchased from #PRS_ORG#, but I think I used my work email on this purchase today, the email is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# application on my mobile phone by means of the #EMAIL# email account, will I have to download the application again by means of the corporate email account?
I bought the Range book.
it shows up on #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but it gives an error when opening
#EMAIL#
Range
ok
"oops,  it was not possible to open this document. There may be a problem with the file.
Try to sync your e-reader. If you are still unable to open, please contact the #PRS_ORG# customer service at #URL#
correct
ok
Done.
a menu has now appeared to choose the language
Brazilian Portuguese: language
I logged in again and it is downloading Range book again
I'm waiting for the download that began automatically to finish.
entered
I already did that, but ok, it is important that it entered.
it must have been lacking something
thank you
Just this, thank you very much and happy new year.
good work
ok, thank you!
After a factory reset, the tablet won't start up anymore.
When I try to configure the wi-fi it gives an update error.
I tried resetting again and wiped the cache as well, but it didn’t work.
What should I do?
thank you.
Sorry I do not have an account.
I believe it is the simplest one, #PRS_ORG#
that
Brazilian Portuguese: yes complete the connection
Brazilian Portuguese: #7
Brazilian Portuguese error #7
How can I update by using the android robot using the USB drive option?
yes I am on my computer
and the tablet is connected
Not
I'm going to install.
now I have it ready
if the e-reader is the tablet, yes it is
I would like to point out that I gave the tablet a factory reset
no such option exists
Brazilian Portuguese: After the first screen where I select the language and press Get started, then I have the screen to configure the wi-fi and I don’t have an option to not configure
my options are just Scan, Add Network, Back, Next and select a wifi network.
Yes, turn it off now.
Reconnecting again
He just called and I received the message that #PRS_ORG# ou
What is the #PRS_ORG#?
No, how?
#NAME#, I want to thank you for your help and your patience, but I have to go now.
I will try again later to seek help here.
Thank you and have a great day.
What is your email?
Okay, thank you.
Good night
I bought a book, and paid via #PRS_ORG#, but the book is not in my account.
#EMAIL#
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
10.
Yes
Okay
I'm trying to upload an image
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Ok
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction I made about 25 minutes ago, I only received this information
I did not receive an invoice from #PRS_ORG#
Until then I have no access to the book and I cannot buy it, right?
Okay, thank you
No.
I'll wait for an e-mail with the resolution.
I can’t open the book I bought.
#EMAIL#
I think it was on the 4th of January.
Thank you
Yes, I am unable to open and read it
Thank you.
I carry the book to open and read and page returns to the start
It's not enough to open
Yes
Yes, on my #PRS_ORG# app.
Yes
Not supposed to be?
#PRS_ORG#
Yes if can
It's here already.
Or rather, I had already done it before contacting you
But I did it again now
No way
Brazilian Portuguese: It keeps not opening
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I carry it over the book to open it and it won't open.
Go back to the same place as it is in the image.
I played as you requested and it continues without opening
Yesterday evening I was able to open it.
Nowadays it's impossible
OK I have already ended the session.
It is already over.
Thank you
Hello, I would like to transfer my books from account #PRS_ORG# to #EMAIL# and delete the first email from my account.
Thank you
Not merit, #NAME#, the first.. And put a #PRS_ORG# on the second these days for the purposes of confirmation
Yeah, he said, but I can't see them there
#PRS_ORG# app
#PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thank you, sometimes we forget to try the obvious
No, it was nothing, thanks.
Ok
#PRS_ORG#
Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook started to give problems again, I can't open any book.
#EMAIL#
Excuse me, but what is e-reader?
I had this exact problem with a book a week or so ago.
Use on mobile phone, #PRS_ORG#.
All the books appear, but they don’t open.
In the notebook, it works normally.
Hello, yes it is out.
I had this problem with 1 book that wouldn't open. It shows up, but it won't open.
Now it's all.
Okay
Cell phone, on the notebook works normally
It's fine.
Dear sirs, good evening, I would like to delete the card that is saved in my profile without entering another one for the moment, is it possible?
#EMAIL#
the dare
then, for me it only shows the option to edit and not to delete
Yes, please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
For me it just stays this way, if I could delete it would help me a lot.
you only excluded the card didn't you #NAME#?
just that only #NAME#, thank you very much for your attention okay?
a question, there would not be an option later on of billet?
Brazilian Portuguese: instead of paying with card, pay with bill
I am going to submit it. Thank you so much for your help #NAME#, have a great day.
I bought the ebook 'Seminário dos ratos' via #PRS_ORG# on 11/29/NUMBER for R$ 11, 96 (promotion) .
Already pay via credit card.
Until today I didn't receive it.
I would like to know what happened and if I will receive the book.
Thank you for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase 11/29/###.
OK.
PC
On my #PRS_ORG# I also cannot because it does not show up to me on any of the devices.
It's like I didn't buy it.
The books that I had bought before are still there.
But this one not.
Ok, one moment please.
She showed up.
What a happiness!!!!
Thank you so much!!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Have a great afternoon!
Thank you.
I bought a #PRS_ORG# form and the EReader locked.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
January of this year.
I bought from your website on December 24th the #PRS_ORG# model with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# and the device got blocked.
Do not change pages or turn it off.
I see the text that was on the screen.
It had about 80% charge.
Not once since I had so much battery load to not wear out the battery
Brazilian Portuguese: No.
You are already connected.
It's already connected and already restarted.
It no longer had a battery.
Yes and is already loading
Good evening, I got the book Crónicas e caprichos, but it is no longer appearing in the #PRS_ORG# books.
It appears in my client area but when I synchronise it doesn't appear in #PRS_ORG#.
When looking for the book in the store in #PRS_ORG# it appears as not purchased.
I think that when the book edition was updated, it stopped being recognized on the device.
I ask for help, thanks.
#EMAIL#
The midnight sun
thanks.
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: one moment please
Brazilian Portuguese: it still hasn't appeared...
I think so
I believe it has to do with the new edition.
because the book appears in my account on the web browser but not on the #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
Brazilian Portuguese: a moment please
#NAME#
thank you very much
everything, thank you very much
Good work and good night!
Good afternoon,
I’m been trying to purchase an ebook on your site since yesterday, but it always comes up with the internal server error #NUMBER# at the time of the transaction.
How can I solve this situation and buy the ebook?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
the only ebook that I have at the moment.
Brazilian Portuguese: it is the
#NAME#
okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: at this moment, the computer
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
the error that appears is as follows:
Visitor uploaded: erro-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
already is
i am now in the purchase zone
had already left
do you want it back there?
okay.
I will then add that
I have already added it.
ok
I've already done it!
Thank you for your help.
no, it was just that
Thank you so much once again
ok, I will answer.
APP # PRS_ORG #  desktop informs me that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I have bought ebooks.
I request immediate recovery please.
#EMAIL#
At the moment, I do not know when I purchased them; around 3 to 5 years ago
Yes
I’ll wait.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
A null message says that it is empty.
I downloaded it again, but the message is still the same.
Yes.
Yes.
Ready.
where is the link to configuration.
Brazilian Portuguese: Vejo Tem ima conta?
Log in and above there is the help button
I can't find the link
I understand, but I don't know how to proceed.
Yes.
okay.
I logged in #PRS_ORG# and it says it didn't find the account.
Yes.
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
Yes, I'm trying to see.
I accessed the page
I'm picking up the key.
I inserted the password, but it did not work
We did not find an account with that email or address.
OK.
thanks.
Good day.
I bought 2 books last night, but couldn't read them on my #PRS_ORG#.
I have already synchronized but the problem persists.
Thanks in advance!
#EMAIL#
Yesterday night from the 21st to the 22nd of January
Thanks!
The books that I bought last night are Sapiens Historia Breve da Humanidade and O Tatuador de Auschitz
The book covers appear in "My Books" but when I want to open it to read, it says "Oops!
This document could not be opened!
Brazilian Portuguese: and said that there is likely an issue with the file.
and asks me to make syncronize my ereader but still have trouble
and #PRS_ORG# has already sent the proof of purchase to my email
yes.
I can open it in my Telemovel
Brazilian Portuguese: it's okay!
thanks, 🙏🏽
ok
Ok.
I will inform you something
Brazilian Portuguese: it still hasn't ended
Portuguese continues to have the problem
I'm trying again.
Good morning!
I would like to know about technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG# that burned out the inner light.
#EMAIL#
November 22
You're doing well.
I am.
then, he is ancient
Brazilian Portuguese: light is not working anymore
oh, let me find out
Brazilian Portuguese: perae
: #PRS_ORG# (Qty: 1)
How do I do that?
you're doing well.
#NAME#!
If it does not work, there is no assistance?
that's okay
uai
I wrote the wrong thing.
excuse me.
#EMAIL#
is pretty old kkk
but I ask q even paying, can I get a job?
aaah I understood
I'm fine.
I hope this is the procedure you taught from scratch
correct
thanks a lot for the guidance
no.
just that
Good morning!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How do I do this?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, the option Account settings doesn't appear
The page disappeared.
Now when I type #URL#, it goes directly into #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
In the left corner it says Login and Not My Account
Information: We did not find an account with this address......Please check if you typed it correctly
What?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do that?
You get the following message: To keep your #PRS_ORG# account safe, we've locked you out after five failed attempts at signing in.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, and then try again.
okay
A link came in for me to sign in.
Is that right?
Okay.
I created a new password, and I received the following message: We didn't find an account with that email or password.
Please verify if you typed it correctly.
Exactly right.
OK, I managed to log in.
Ufa!!
Now I am in account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria Cultura, click Link This Account?
Came back in #PRS_ORG# and Signed in.
When I clicked to sign in came: We didn't find an account with that e-mail or password.
Verify that you have entered it correctly.
I repeated the steps Binding this account to the side of #PRS_ORG# and always comes the message above
Brazilian Portuguese: above
What do you mean?
Yes, normal
I've already gotten in touch with #PRS_ORG# and she tried and said that the problem is with #PRS_ORG# and that I should get in touch with you... it's complicated, you know?
okay.
It is possible.
Solve the problem
Okay
My #PRS_ORG# is not working, I put it to charge but it doesn't turn on.
The model is #PRS_ORG#, where do I get assistance?
#EMAIL#
I do not have that information, I have never used #PRS_ORG#, I earned more but it did not work
ok
because I do perceive it
I put it on the charger, both on the PC and the socket and no lights come on and it does not charge
not*
yes, but more doesn't work
Brazilian Portuguese: which other connection, what type?
Is a specific cable needed?
I'm sorry, I did not understand
Brazilian Portuguese: yes
Brazilian Portuguese: the light won't turn on
My #PRS_ORG# is the model #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C, it doesn't have an on-off button, it's a button that runs sideways
My god, it's been so long.
Is there any place that does maintenance on these?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Do you still manufacture?
Is there nowhere to get maintenance?
I understand.
Is there no maintenance for that model or any of them?
And still you suggest I buy another one?
for a product that doesn’t assist if I need it?
I understood, thank you very much for the information.
Good evening
I see there are going to be a lot of people as dissatisfied as me.
WHAT TO DO TO FILL IN THE COMPLAINT BOOK
THIS IS BAD IF #PRS_ORG# NOT
I can't buy anything from the #PRS_ORG# store, I have changed my credit card twice, changed my account and I have gone to #PRS_ORG# and have received no response, I want to know how I can enter your complaints book.
I AM WAITING
DONT AT THE END OF THE PURCHASE JUST GIVES AN ERROR THAT SAYS UPS!
ERROR AND THE PURCHASE COULD NOT BE COMPLETED
IT WAS NOT BETTER FOR ME TO SUE AND DID NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT ON #PRS_ORG#
THE PURCHASE CANNOT BE COMPLETED
NO
ALREADY #NAME#
I'LL DO IT AGAIN BUT I HAVE DONE THIS AT LEAST 3 TIMES
I've already done it.
I already did.
I did it and I always made the same mistake.
BUT I ALREADY DID THAT
I've already changed my card two times, I've already updated my account data several times.
What's up with #NAME#?
I'm already on my third attempt to purchase this book and the error is always the same
Brazilian Portuguese: it's better
but there is a deadline to return the equipment (what I will do) and complete the complaint log
On the website but when I tried again on the app, the result was the same.
didn't answer how I can take a complaint book or how I can make my deep displeasure reach #PRS_ORG#
Where?
to help?
thank you
I purchased a #PRS_ORG#, after backing it up it does not leave the wifi screen.
It does not accept the password for network access
#EMAIL#
I don’t remember buying ebooks, I use it just as a tablet.
no it wasn't a purchase I made when traveling to Canada about 5 years ago
Do you have anything you can do or did I lose the product?
I can't get out of the screen, or in other words, I no longer use it as a tablet
I have already downloaded it to my pc
however, asks you to call #PRS_ORG#
when I turn it on, it does not leave the wifi screen
Brazilian Portuguese: no
I opened the app
nada
Brazilian Portuguese: just the wifi screen
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I guess my case is unsolvable lol
Brazilian Portuguese: nothing else appears besides the language option screens
and wifi
or rather
I can't go anywhere.
my computer recognizes the device
no
all right
thank you for trying to help me.
Happy new year...for you too!!
Thanks!!
Good day
I need some help.
I have #PRS_ORG# years and have never had problems with synchronization.
I still used it without problems in November.
I’m not getting it done today.
It doesn't recognize my e-mail and I don't remember my password.
I have e and ebooks pending and I can't synchronize.
if you can help me I appreciate it.
I don't know actually because I had problems with my first e-mail which was #EMAIL#.
The current one is #EMAIL#.
as it was my daughter-in-law who first set it up I believe the password would be #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to log in through #PRS_ORG# because it also doesn't recognize my email or password.
Even my library disappeared.
I had lots of books there and they've all disappeared.
I may be going wrong.
I'm #NUMBER# years old and I consider myself a computer heroine because I'm pretty good at it, but now I'm in a bind.
kk
can be
but there you have to help and guide me
yes
if I find you later, that’s okay kkkkk
Then use the second email #EMAIL#
It would have to be changed there.
my cellphone is #NAME#
I think it's that registered number
with this reconfiguration I do not lose what has already been downloaded in the #PRS_ORG#
new account?
and what is the password?
how can I change the registration in Cultura?
I tried to speak with them, the phone number I have is #NAME#, they answered me, but when I spoke about #PRS_ORG# the line cut off and they did not answer me anymore.
if you have a phone to help me, i would appreciate it.
Do you have any problem with having the #PRS_ORG# crop registration being different from the cultural registration?
Now I remembered that the last time I used the #PRS_ORG# was for the books I bought at the #PRS_ORG# store
I have more than #NUMBER# books
okay
Not for the moment.
I appreciate your patience and attention.
Have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I'll wait.
The screen on my #PRS_ORG# is going black
#EMAIL#
I think it's already been a year
Thank you
His screen is going black, all functional on it but I cannot read anything on it
Yes it always stays charged I never let it discharge or drop it
I left it in the factory mode to see if it came back but the letters are so washed out that I can't even read them properly.
I already have
The screen is the same.
What?
Normal answer, the only problem is that the letters and images are practically erased
Hello
Yes
Yes
Okay
No.
Yes
I did it the way you said but nothing happened.
Yes
It’s as if it had been turned off
However one can see the books that I still have
Even from a distance it is possible to see the affection written off
He is not answering I think the screen is stuck
Not answering the phone
Okay.
He didn't come back.
He did not connect and continues with the background clear showing the books
Is there anything else we can do besides what you're saying?
Why he was only with the screen with letters and images half erased now after I did what you said he isn’t even on it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Not now it's not working
It's as if it's stuck on screen saver, it doesn't go off, it shows a lot of care on the books and shut off, but I can't move anything
Now, you're heating up a lot.
Yes
Is there any technical assistance in SP?
I resume the following conversation.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I'm taking the conversation back with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Please be aware that if you switch between apps, lock your phone or move to another window while you are chatting with us, you may be disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience, remain active in this chat window.
(3:30 #NUMBER# PM) Customer Service: Due to an increased number of requests, our response time may be slightly delayed.
We apologise for any inconvenience caused and will respond to your request as soon as possible, thank you for your patience.
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
(03:31:PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thank you for contacting us, can you please indicate the email you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I intend to buy a book, but I can't complete the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Thanks for the information.
I will be happy to help!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Allow me a moment to verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for waiting.
(03:36:PM) #NAME#: I ask if you filled out your billing info when trying to make your book purchase?
(03:38:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: In a second phase, I reviewed (confirming) the payment instructions as I was suggested in the message that the payment was not made
(03:39 PM) #NAME#: I see there were some failed purchase attempts.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes, when there's an error on the transaction, banks should not let you make further attempts at purchase.
(03:40:PM) #NAME#: Can you contact your banks to see if they have added a restriction to our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I'm gonna check.
(03:43:### PM)
The last purchase was on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
yes and they informed me that for their part there is no problem with doing the transaction
OK
Yes, now it worked
Good evening,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I have to hold down the power button to turn my device completely off?
#EMAIL#
I don't have any purchases made.
I received my appliance today just
But the sleep mode takes up a lot of battery.
When I first called it had 59% and now it only has 39%
I already tried the faster thing you told me but not even once did he turn off.
It was just put on hold
I bought this device because I had always heard about the battery life.....
Is it possible that something is wrong?
I didn't upload, I just plugged the computer in to import the books.
Before moving anything, I read the manuals.
Neither in the manual, nor on the Internet have I found anything about this.
I believe it, but like I said, nowhere does it say that.
Excuse me but I didn't understand
I can't.
I even carry to the point of supposedly saying that it's turned off and nothing happens.
I'll repeat it, it only goes into sleep mode.
How long?
But I already told you that this does not happen
This is the seventh time I have done this, and only goes into suspension
How?
And the issue of the battery?
And the problem with the battery?
Am I going to be without my books?
And the battery?
The battery problem I talked about in the beginning....
What do you mean?
But did you not understand that I did not say any of this in the manuals and absolutely nowhere?
If it is that important, it should be written in the manual.
So basically I paid for a device that supposedly has a lot of battery life and that because I didn’t charge it for the initial 4 hours, I’ve lost that capacity???
It could take weeks???
The equipment is new.
And as I have already said, it came with a battery charge of 59% (it was turned on at 1pm) and it is now after midnight and it only has 37% and I haven’t even used it, it was always in sleep mode.
I've already reset to the factory settings.
Keep going without turning off
I charged for more than #NUMBER# seconds and nothing appeared, it just went into sleep mode around 5 seconds after charging.
Other than that, nothing happened
One way or another, he doesn't turn off
Tomorrow I'm going to call the store where I bought it and ask for either a new device or a refund.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Good day
In the physical store of #PRS_ORG# I asked if I could offer ebooks, they said yes, that was enough to buy on the site and receive a link and then send the link to the person.
But from what I have noticed, this does not happen.
I bought an e-book now and I think it just associates with my account, right?
What is the way to offer this ebook to someone else ?
#NAME#,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
09 de Janeiro de #NUMBER#
Good day #NAME#.
The book is a present not for me.
How can I give it to someone without it staying in my library?
Is it possible?
Yes, that's right.
I had bought it in #PRS_ORG# a physical one and the person asked to exchange it for an ebook.
I returned it at #PRS_ORG# and they told me to buy it on the site, and they'd send me a link to download the book and I just had to send the link to the person I wanted to give the ebook to
But that's not exactly what happened.
Or I do not understand anything about the subject.
Or both ahah
Then there is no way of offering it ?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store money cards right?
In this case I would only prefer the return of the money since I won't be using the book and the person doesn't have access to it.
The purchase was a mistake.
I did not even open the ebook as you can probably see from the history.
In this case, please provide a return for the same payment method.
Thank you very much #NAME#
Thank you very much #NAME#
It was just that.
Thank you very much.
Will the contact be by email?
Yes, but if necessary for the purpose of this process I can also be contacted on the number #PHONENUMBER#
Not.
It is all
Thanks again
Good afternoon, I am unable to change the password on the #PRS_ORG# account. I would like to do this to give access to a ebook that I bought to offer to someone.
greetings
#NAME#
25 December
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 24
December
forgiveness
thanks.
alright, but this is to give my dad access so he can offer the book as a present
The objective is this
ok but i needed a way for him to access it
Brazilian Portuguese: through the log in
by my account with a pass and my associated email
Brazilian Portuguese: no
ok it's okay
and it is not possible for me to, for example, login normally
Brazilian Portuguese: ok but I'm going to try
and it's not accepting, or do I have to go through the website #PRS_ORG#
thank you very much:L)
I have already managed to access it with this option via #PRS_ORG#
I can’t access the books that I bought
#EMAIL#
I bought from #PRS_ORG#, and I can not access it
The courage to be imperfect
I am not able to link the account #PRS_ORG# to the account #PRS_ORG#
by cellphone #PRS_ORG#
this, says that it has problems in the synchronization
I login into #PRS_ORG# and then try to pair with #PRS_ORG#
I now logged in via #PRS_ORG# and I am trying to associate again
Brazilian Portuguese: says he can't find the account
I tried, but could not find it either
in #PRS_ORG# site I log in usually
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try to sync it says that the system is not available
hello
but I am logging normally to #PRS_ORG#  and to #PRS_ORG# I can't associate only
I'll try.
I am still changing.
We could not find an account with this email address or password.
Check if you have correctly typed the code.
this
both are the same email
I can log in to #PRS_ORG# by #PRS_ORG#, but when I go through the bookstore, this message appears
but when it worked right away on the bookstore's site
Thank you, I'm waiting for a response
just this right here
thank you
Since January I've been unable to pay #PRS_ORG# at #PRS_ORG#, meaning I cannot buy as I did before.
My credit score is the same.
#EMAIL#
Several, High Ground, the joe nesbo knife, etc.
Did I lose the connection, or are you verifying?
I have already tried that.
my computer
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# site
What private browser?
I did not realize, I always did the same way
I don’t even know if it’s possible to buy anonymously
How?
I go to the site, clean up my information, and buy?
how do I pay?
A notebook with #PRS_ORG#
I'm not getting it, should I leave the website?
I would like to subscribe to #PRS_ORG# again.
Wouldn't it be better if we talked directly?
But why?
Can't I do that with my password and mail?
I can’t understand it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Leaving the chat will not affect the verification
Portuguese: According to I still didn't understand how to enter as anonymous, I never entered
To get to my account they ask for mail and password
Could it be a mobile phone?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you follow the process with me on the phone or not?
No, I never did.
I want to do it on my PC, but to speak to you
Our conversation is not going well because I don't know anything about computers
I’m going to try it one more time and if it doesn’t go well I’ll have to go back to chat?
Answer what I ask sff
Good day, my #PRS_ORG# entered in recovery mode, and I can no longer understand it
go to the #PRS_ORG# page
#EMAIL#
great #NAME#
he gets into the configuration screen, I can get in with the WiFi network, date and time, he tries to make an update, but it always gives an error
more or less 4 years
yes
is open
Brazilian Portuguese: asks for email and password
I managed to enter
no books found
some of them yes
Brazilian Portuguese: the last purchase was less than 1 month ago
Brazilian Portuguese: it is the same email I passed you
not
yes
I bought it through the device itself
I have an email from #PRS_ORG#,  #EMAIL#
I'll check.
Brazilian Portuguese: yes what do I do
Brazilian Portuguese: definitely a moment
#NAME#, I can't enter with this email, no account found appears
I tried to log in by clicking the icon, as you said, the option to log in with the new account didn't appear, so I entered the link that you had sent again, and it says that no account is found with this email.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
how do I do this
the options are a new tab, a new window, and a new anonymous window
right and then
You still do not have anything to say?
Dear #NAME#,, could you please tell me why I can't complete the purchase of ebooks in #PRS_ORG#?
I was with #NAME# in chat but was not told anything.
#EMAIL#
High Ground
I don't use #PRS_ORG#
Can I use #PRS_ORG#?
But for that they had to provide me with the details for payment and the situation would not be regularized
How do we verify this?
But I don't know how to verify that
And this problem only started about a month ago
What will you need?
Okay.
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
The msg when I try to finalize the purchase is "OPs an error occurred"
#PRS_ORG# without any message
How is the screen captured?
I have already seen the msg that appears and sent it before
It is a portable with dockstation
Where is that seen?
Okay.
I will wait.
Thank you.
I can not remember my login and password for #PRS_ORG# (I can not activate).
Perhaps there was some old account (that I do not remember) that was unlinked from #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactive and rescue my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please, I’m out of options, completely stuck
My current email address is #EMAIL# (at #PRS_ORG#).
In #PRS_ORG#, I can’t remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two english books essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
Gone with the Wind - Margaret Mitchell
I can't access the #PRS_ORG#, nor log in the #PRS_ORG# (I forgot the initial login, maybe it's an old one and a duplicate)
Before logging out of #PRS_ORG# I synchronized several times and it didn't download the last purchase from #PRS_ORG# - So I logged out and I couldn't identify the old (and duplicated, I think), login anymore, nor the new one: by email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that’s the old one — I don’t use that email anymore, it was #EMAIL#, it’s inactive.
I need it to be the current culture: #EMAIL#
I have just done it, and it does not recognize it
We did not find an account with this email address or password.
Check that you entered it correctly."
That was the option I tried.
Brazilian Portuguese: he doesn't recognize the account
I didn't either.
Maybe it would be better to undo the old, to leave it "clean".
I really like #PRS_ORG# and want to use it forever.
Brazilian Portuguese: therefore, use 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
did it work?
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you very much!!
To you too, have a great day !!
I bought two ebooks and don't know how to view them??
#EMAIL#
14/01/#NUMBER# ebooks Astral Body and Mental Body
I have downloaded the site, #URL#, but I don’t know how to access the ebook??
How do I do it?
Can I start now??
Is the chat going to go down?
Ape
A screen appears but it doesn’t have a NO option.
It is not a configuration screen.
When I accessed the site #URL#, a screen came up with the message, “How can we help?”
no, but the system is who directed me and i followed what you sent.
I intend to purchase multiple ebooks from the same site.
If we can resolve the problem it would be good for everyone...
This is the screen that appears
Portuguese (Brazil): There is no option to choose NO.
He picked it up and I chose NAO
Is that right?
I click on exe?
He asks if I let the app make changes?
Run the #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon has been created
Did it open a login and create account screen is that right??
The system says that it didn't find an account or password...
Yes.
Gave as the synchronization completed
Did you open an aid front page??
It is not opening the screen.
I see the two books, however, when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open??
Grateful #NAME#.
Good evening.
Good afternoon
I’ve owned a #PRS_ORG# for years and it’s asking for reconfigure and I can’t do it.
What do I do?
I need to speak with someone.
Please help me old desperate (67a) Thank you
#EMAIL#
I do not remember, I was doing the purchase O Conde de #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect with the wi-fi and it recognizes it as correct and then it shows a page indicating a network error.
No!
Brazilian Portuguese: and yes to START the e-read.
Detail: I didn't touch anything and I didn't do anything differently than what I've been using for years.
I am a computer novice. What should I do?
How do I start?
I clicked
What is #NAME#?
Transfer what now?
It was done and now?
There were 03 items: #PRS_ORG#(5), #PRS_ORG#(6), and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the downloads folder.
I'm a zero to the left on the computer.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" I think(?).
It opens as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I perform it?
Is running
Finished and created a desktop shortcut.
I opened the program
Ok I did step 5
I can’t DO ANYTHING and #PRS_ORG# is totally anarchic.
I'm more lost than I was.
I think I've done it, trying to access #PRS_ORG#.
I'm trying to log in with #PRS_ORG# and it doesn't recognize the email.
I can't, I'm running out of patience.
I am old and I NEED TO CLEAR UP MY DOUBTS TALKING, I can't stand it.
PLEASE HOW DO I RESOLVE MY PROBLEM . HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
You don't understand, you were born with a computer, I wasn't.
His didactics is great for those who understand computing, but not in my case.
Thank you very much for your brilliant attention.
What you are doing is social exclusion.
Greetings
Do you want to help me?
Give a phone number so they can call and possibly solve the problems of the "blessed" phone.
I don't change my opinion: it's social exclusion.
One day you will feel what it is like to go through a similar situation.
I just ordered the book Box Trilogy o século
And it showed up msg problem with the card.
I repeated the purchase three times and the same message came up.
However, my card approved all purchases.
What do I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man who loved the dogs.
Where can I find that?
In #PRS_ORG#?
Why Failed?
In relation to those failed requests, will they be cancelled?
#NAME#, can I do this procedure on my phone?
Because I'm not exactly a hacker, kkk
Good morning!
Brazilian Portuguese: No
My #PRS_ORG# doesn't turn on anymore, I want to access my books by the app, but I don't remember the password and my email changed.
How do I proceed to rescue my books?
old email was #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: the current one is #EMAIL#
I think it was the Sappiens of #NAME#.
that
many others.
all of my books are on that account
Portuguese (Brazil): see, I buy the books from #PRS_ORG# and they enter #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# pifou
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was from the company I worked for
I no longer have that email and when I put, I forgot my password, the password goes to that email
I need the password sent to my email #EMAIL#
Can you help me?
thank you so much
that would be awesome
The email login becomes #EMAIL#
I forgot the password
that?
This
so, thank you!
I wait here?
okay
ja vejo.
We didn't find an account with this email or password.
Check that you have typed correctly.
I put in the password and I received this msg
okay.
okay
okay
it worked
did not work
I am still without access
Yes.
it was the quw
hello
We didn't find an account with that email address or password.
Verify that you have correctly typed it.
I log in with #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: and I put the password and it doesn't work
I'll try with #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: now entered, where do I find the books?
I am on the website
didn't understand
Brazilian Portuguese: on the website
I'll try here
thank you very much
something is called again
thanks for your attention
Hello, I was setting the billing address but there's no field to define the taxpayer number.
In this way, the invoice will not be valid.
Where can I define the tax identification number to buy books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
who am I talking to?
In English, VAT number
There is no place to define this.
and to have invoice it is mandatory to define the portuguese VAT number
Ok, and how can I get in touch with you?
can I send the order to some email?
Yes, VAT in English is IVA in Portuguese.
I noticed.
yes, what's the email?
I will buy a book now and will already try to ask for an invoice.
if I can't, I'll ask you
2 minutes.
I've finished the purchase
but I need the invoice now
It seems I'm not talking to the same person anymore..
#NAME#, I spoke with your colleague before because I need an invoice and there was no place on the site to define the NIF
Then I needed the receipt of the purchase I made.
I have just bought the book "Cronica de paixões e caprichos" by #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: you can send the invoice with the following data:
Brazilian Portuguese: NIF/VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
City and Postal Code: #ADDRESS#
Parents: Portugal
Thank you very much!
no, it's only
Great job!
the same here!
#EMAIL#
I enrolled today.
I intend to make the first purchase now
Hello
I am trying to make an online purchase but in the processing window the screen freezes and the purchase does not go through.
is this a chat ?
Brazilian Portuguese: I've already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, on my laptop and my smartphone and even on the smartphone app
Brazilian Portuguese: the screen always stays locked
I have already tried it on the smartphone #PRS_ORG#.
And from the #PRS_ORG# laptop
Brazilian Portuguese: the laptop is personal
and the smartphone is also personal
I have no idea what VPN is
I have already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with laptop and on the smartphone and even in the smartphone app
Brazilian Portuguese: if they have no solution Ok
It must be a problem from #PRS_ORG# as I never had this problem before
I tried
I cleaned cookies and related stuff
and I tried to make the purchase again
got locked again.
should be having an issue
Brazilian Portuguese: in processing
Credit card
I already tried it with a #PRS_ORG# and with a #PRS_ORG#
I do not use #PRS_ORG#
considering all that I've already tried the problem must be from #PRS_ORG#
Ok
Okay.
Okay.
I'm trying.
still gagged
it has been blocked again.
When I move forward, small bars make a circular motion
indefinitely
How do I switch to "anonymous mode"?
I have never had a difficulty with buying online.
well... thanks for your attempts
Brazilian Portuguese: okay, I've tried everything but it didn't work
I think your site is having trouble processing payment.
good night
I will buy the audio book in another site.
I can't sync #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# account.
It always says that the password is incorrect, even if it is the same password that I used to log into the site #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I get an error when I try to login
May
I answered the e-mail.
#NAME#
But this happens when I try to link the account
When I go to my account/sign in
It opens the login of account #PRS_ORG# and says that this is incorrect
Only a minute
I am in the computer, that is why the delay
I am trying to capture the screen
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Mime-type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
The option to enter the culture's login does not appear
When I click to link the account, it opens the account login #PRS_ORG#
and that is where the error appeared.
but the login that is giving the error is the one for #PRS_ORG#
you have already seen this error before when opening the application
Dear sirs, my books have all disappeared from ereader, how should I proceed?
#EMAIL#
I do not remember...
Another email that may have been used is:
#EMAIL#
Good morning to be born of #NAME#
That's the title: Livro = Good Day to Be Born
That book has disappeared just like many other books about more than #NUMBER# books
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yes, I just bought it for testing, but I had more than #NUMBER# books...
Is there another way, #PRS_ORG# found all my books but couldn't transfer them, they asked to contact you
Brazilian Portuguese: all bought
Possible emails are:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL# (I no longer have access)
Thank you...
Now what?
The last email I don't have access anymore.
I can log in with #EMAIL#, but when I do, there are only three books, I need to log in with the email that I don't have access to anymore: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but what about later when he asks me for the password?
I have not used this email in many years...
It's possible to transfer funds to the account:
#EMAIL#?
OK, I'll wait then.
Thank you.
OK...
OK, thank you very much, big hug...
Not currently.
Everything is okay.
Thank you very much, have a nice weekend.
Goodbye and all the best...
I bought two books a few days ago on the website of #PRS_ORG#, but the book won't open and gives an error message: Opa!
That document could not be opened.
There is probably a problem with your file.
(I already synchronized and restarted the e-reader and it didn't solve it)
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Delta de Vênus (I bought it a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Delta de Vênus and A casa dos budas ditosos
I did not find item 5
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would the item close session?
I didn't find a way out
Ok
I'm setting it up
I can't remember the password.
I will create a new one.
After that is it just a matter of synchronization?
Okay.
He directed me to log in to #PRS_ORG#
There you go.
I think.
Is entering the #PRS_ORG#
Does this mean that if I buy books from another site I'll have to do the same to be able to read them?
Right.
In order to enter automatically only if I buy from #PRS_ORG#?
That's right.
I managed to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations on your patience.
Where can I do a compliment?
No.
Good evening and happy life.
:):) Thanks
Good day
I’m having problems accessing a book that I just bought.
In the #PRS_ORG# program on both the computer and mobile phone it is not in the library.
#EMAIL#
it was today 11/02/#NUMBER#
exactly
I downloaded the app from #PRS_ORG#, have :) #PRS_ORG# on computer and android on smartphone
right
right
the book is already showing up in the library
is making a transfer
yes it looks like everything is fine with the book on the android device
ok
yes, I already do that
My books are the library, right?
I clicked on the icon but nothing appeared
I can't find any profile icons
Brazilian Portuguese: no...
the #PRS_ORG# logo and a search window
Brazilian Portuguese: not
Can I send an image?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Ok =)
I have already installed.
and I am seeing that the last book is being downloaded automatically
thanks a lot for the help =)
No, just that.
Thank you very much
Hello, the mu #PRS_ORG# is not working correctly, the touch screen is not working.
#EMAIL#
One of the books I have on #PRS_ORG# is called 10% happier
does not react at all
he calls normally, it is charging but no tones work on the screen
in Brazilian Portuguese: even if you turn on your computer, it is not possible to activate any command on the screen
certainly.
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: only aura
I don't have access to WiFi
ok
I can't take off the cover.
Is it the back of #PRS_ORG#?
a specific cover?
I am trying to remove the cap on the bottom
apparently, it is not possible to remove it
not clearer, it's the same message
I am trying to open the back but it's very hard.
I don't want to force it.
sure
How should I proceed to see the possibility of a replacement?
it was purchased in #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It's okay.
certainly
thank you
I can't open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your application and it still won't work.
It says it is synchronizing and never goes away
Good afternoon
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
I only have one ebook.
I bought it on Friday.
Introduction to industrial organization
Zip code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
Portuguese (Brazilian): what is the profile icon
I already did it.
The ebook is in my account.
It was always there!
I am unable to open it
I’ve already done it all and it didn’t work.
To whom can I address a claim and ask for my money back?
Now a message has appeared saying sync completed
And now?
How do I open the book???
It has already opened.
Terrible service!
Not
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/09/#NUMBER#
endgame
My #PRS_ORG# screen is locked up occasionally, it’s doing it right now, no matter how many times I switch it off and restart it still won’t work
endgame
the screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes sometimes, it is happening right now, no matter how many times I switch it off and turn it back on, nothing happens
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect with the desktop application to make updates, but since the screen is locked I can't connect #PRS_ORG# to the pc
today itself
spent the morning doing laundry
I will try it out.
I am already on the part of instructions to configure
the problem is that no matter how much I touch the screen, I can't do anything.
Brazilian Portuguese: it seems the screen sensor doesn't work
correct
Is there any possibility of an arrangement?
Unfortunately #PRS_ORG# is no longer under warranty
Brazilian Portuguese: it's always when it's over that the problems appear
and a partner, like #PRS_ORG#, won't find?
To stay the same or worse (if it is possible) it is better not to
my #PRS_ORG# is #PRS_ORG#. Which is most similar to those now on sale?
What would the discount you were talking about be?
would there be a time limit to use the discount?
if it does not matter, I thank you
When choosing the device I want, how do I receive the discount code?
do I have to contact you again?
okay
thank you.
brazilian Portuguese: likewise!
I made the purchase of a book yesterday (2/10/21) and after syncing my #PRS_ORG# several times, it is not loaded on my device.
The order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me any guidelines?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- #PHONENUMBER#)
Brazilian Portuguese: This above: #EMAIL#
But I have another one, that is also on the registration list: #EMAIL#
Did you miss any data?
Because I received an email confirming.
Thanks.
PRS_ORG# option?
I did logout and now, when I enter, it appears that I should "Log in with #PRS_ORG#" - is that it?
The bought book appeared, but several books bought earlier disappeared.
How do I access them?
These are books bought from the #PRS_ORG# website.
But then do I have to keep switching between the #PRS_ORG# login and the #PRS_ORG# store?
okay.
I had forgotten the password to #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it, sorry.
I have logged in and the page appears:
An account #PRS_ORG# already exists with this email.
Linking accounts enables you to access all of your books on My Books.
- #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG# connect option then appears.
I didn’t do anything for now
There is a "skip" option for the page.
okay.
To jump?
I figured out that I had to jump before logging out and ended up logging into the #PRS_ORG# account - but I guess it worked because I appreciated the previous books and the book bought yesterday.
Question: if I purchase again at the store #PRS_ORG# will it happen the same (will I have to alternate login)?
I understand.
Last doubt: is there a possibility that I will only find an item at store #PRS_ORG# and not at #PRS_ORG#?
I'm asking this because when I bought this book, in principle, I didn't find it in the bookstore, only in the #PRS_ORG# store.
But now I saw that it is also on the bookstore's website (maybe I made some mistake in my search).
okay.
Thank you so much for your attention and kindness.
Good day.
Hi I sent a link request to recover my password and so far I haven't received anything in the email
#EMAIL#
I bought an ebook today.
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello
Yes
I forgot my password
Yes
What should I do after I get on #PRS_ORG#?
Yes.
I've already done that.
But I have two more doubts.
Can you help me?
Actually, three.
The first doubt is if I change my mobile phone, can I install the App again from #PRS_ORG#, just using the password from #PRS_ORG#?
Or will I need a password from #PRS_ORG#?
The second question is, I linked this e-mail to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate e-mail and I was instructed to create a private e-mail for my personal accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Okay for the first doubt.
My third doubt is that I accidentally deleted e-book that I bought and I can’t recover it anymore.
Is it still possible to recover this book?
* I removed an e-book
My second doubt: this is why I am trying to enter #PRS_ORG# site and since I don’t remember the password, I cannot change my e-mail.
Can you help me?
In short I need to reset the password of #PRS_ORG# to change my account email and try to retrieve a book that I accidentally deleted.
*change
I have my phone.
Is it possible to perform this operation without a PC?
* without one
But I know my password from #PRS_ORG#
I can only do it later.
Now I'm only on the cell phone.
What are the chat hours?
Okay.
I'll get in touch once I'm home.
Thank you.
I am not able to shop with the card #PRS_ORG# connected to my account, I get a server error
#EMAIL#
I still couldn't make any purchase.
Did I lose connection?
None, I just tried to make purchases with the card, which I was not able to do.
The books I tried to buy are in the cart.
The message, in a nutshell, is server error, try again later.
This is the message you informed before this contact.
A server error occurred in the purchases using the card #PRS_ORG#, to try again later.
Your information stated that the problem had already been resolved, which did not happen.
For that, you had to leave the chat, which doesn't seem like a good idea.
I'll try
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There was a problem and we are unable to load this page at this time.
Please try again later.
Do you still want to see this message?
Go to #URL#
I have tried but it does not work because I can’t transfer the picture, but this is the message I receive
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
It was the best I could do
Exactly, with #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with the #PRS_ORG#, which I no longer use.
I only get the message when I try to make a purchase.
I have tried to buy the books one by one and the result was the same.
Anonymous, how?
I still don't realize how to open an anonymous window
Alright, what's next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible and since I can't make any purchase right now, I would appreciate it if you could let me know if this issue is temporary or if it's really just me or any other procedure I should follow.
Grateful
I thank you for all your availability and hope I do not regret being a #PRS_ORG# customer.
Thank you very much.
Continuing good work
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG# AND THEY WENT TO MY PHONE BUT NOT TO #PRS_ORG#, HOW TO DO IT
#EMAIL#
FEBRUARY 12
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
There are 7 books. Hidden Star, Maybe Someday, Behind Your Eyes, Shadows of Summer, Remember Me, A Place in Heaven, #NAME#'s Disappearance
E-reader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Connecting     Last synchronization at 29 Jan 21
You cannot leave this screen
They entered. Thank you.
Yes
Yes.
Thank you for your help
Perfect
No.
Everything is fine.
Have a good day.
Hello.
I have #PRS_ORG# app on my tablet, logged in to #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account on #PRS_ORG#.
Each account has its own password.
I bought an ebook on #PRS_ORG# but I don't know how to download it on the tablet app.
#EMAIL#.
On the tablet, I only have one book sample downloaded this month.
In #PRS_ORG#, I made my first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#).
ok
#PRS_ORG#
I did it.
In the initial screen, only the sample that I downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# store appears.
The purchased ebook doesn’t appear on the #PRS_ORG#.
Because the #PRS_ORG# account is new, the problem may be in associating the two accounts, of the bookstore and #PRS_ORG#.
The same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a copy in PDF.
Yes, that's the title.
Okay, the book has been added.
Thank you.
Right now, it is just me.
I thank you again.
Okay.
Good morning.
I bought a book and got it discounted 4 times on my card
ok
Good night
#EMAIL#
18/02/#NUMBER#
ok
this
in the statement there are 4 transactions
I didn't even get to use the product since the purchase was just made
I would like to cancel the purchase
Please
The magic of time management
From #NAME#
I cannot, because it appears on my husband’s mobile phone.
The bank app is not named on the mobile
And I'm accessing by the computer
I would like the cancellation of my purchase, I am entitled by consumer defense code, please
If I switch screens will the chat close?
I am from the legal field and I am recording everything that is being talked about
If I change the tab, will that end the conversation?
If you do not end the conversation, I will try to send it now.
Just a moment.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
There were 5 transactions.
Two were cancelled and three were carried out.
It's the most I can send you
I do not have access to the bank account.
I want to get the refund for just one charge, not all of them
I do not want the product, as it is my right as a customer
Ok
Thank you.
It's great.
Only.
Thank you so much #NAME#!!
The same applies!
Good morning,
Hj purchased an ebook #NAME#.
When I enter my account, in the purchase history option, my product shows up but my product doesn’t show up in my library… how do I fix this?
#EMAIL#
Feb 19 #NUMBER#
okay.
if you check my library, you can see that the product doesn't appear
however, it is in my purchase history
I'm trying to read on my computer #PRS_ORG#
the other books in my library, I read normally.
This particular one: "DOES NOT APPEAR IN MY LIBRARY"
in internet
What if it shows up in the list of products I bought... because it doesn't show up in my library...
#NUMBER# years
more what does this have to do with...
ah good...
ah yes...
I would just like to understand more,
how it appears in my purchase history with you
I would like to be provided with the product id in #PRS_ORG# so I can contact the partner
ok then...
Thank you!!
Yes, it was, but I always shop there.
not very thank you!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good morning,
I recently purchased a #PRS_ORG#, however I am unable to connect it to my computer.
It just starts charging with no option to connect.
Greetings,
#NAME#
yes
and I have already tried in more than one computer.
Yes
the homepage
4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I am doing what was recommended
In Portuguese: n nothing has showed up for me to connect to the computer and it is still the same...
the main page, where it has the symbol that is loading
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: and it continues the same...
no item appears
yes
and when I try to configure it, it says to connect to the device when it is already connected
yes
etc.
n, but thank you anyway
thank you and likewise
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening I am having problems with processing payment
Good evening, I am having problems processing payment
#EMAIL#
No purchases have been made so far
Hello?
But this process has been carried out many times
It appears that the information is correct and the transaction appears as "Pending transaction", but the loading suddenly ends and it goes back to the shopping cart.
Okay
At the moment, I'm trying to make the purchase again
The situation remains the same
The system assumes the transaction but returns to the shopping cart
Go through this entire process again?
But I just did it
I’ll just say thanks for the help, but it seems that nothing is resolved.
Initially I was making the process on the E-Reader application, as it did not work I went to the #PRS_ORG# browser in incognito mode.
And it keeps on
I'll do that and try again.
No.
Continues in the same way
I cleaned the cookies and cache and then, during the checkout, I entered the payment information again.
keeps returning to the cart without completing the transaction
I am doing it in #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
In my mobile device I attempted to make reservations through the #PRS_ORG# app
Everything is okay.
The problem is not just that
I will wait for a reply to the situation.
thank you for your attention
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# stopped to call
#EMAIL#
I don't know.
Portuguese: the device doesn't turn on
turn the screen light on
the switch light blinks and nothing happens
Do not bother with the computer
Brazilian Portuguese: does not make manual restoration...
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
ok, but nothing happened...
I have already tried it with the device connected to the electrical system and nothing happened
also connected to the computer's usb... nothing happened
I think it is this email
#EMAIL#
this email must have been, because the other is professional and I have it for a short time
#PRS_ORG#
There are many years
at least 5 years
Despite clicking the button for quite some time, it never completely turns off the screen, always staying with the #PRS_ORG# logo.
It never goes black or gives another image.
when I release the button the only thing it does is blink the button light, the screen lights up and... nothing happens...
at this time it is connected to the usb port of the computer and I am pressing the button h + more than a minute and nothing happens
okay.
How do I make #PRS_ORG# glo sync/configure with a computer?
#EMAIL#
I do not remember , it was saved but I bought it eme el #NUMBER#
I had to reset the #PRS_ORG#, and now it won't set up either by computer or via WIFI
Brazilian Portuguese: it starts on wifi and then it crashes
on the computer it loads up straight away
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it does not recognize the #PRS_ORG#
that
before worked perfectly
yes, I tried the 6 ports and an old notebook
Brazilian Portuguese: he only uploads
and I changed the cable too
When I put it in the computer it asks me to download the #PRS_ORG# desktop
just q he does not recognize it
I tried it now on the desktop, I made a new account and it asks me to connect the cable, I changed ports and it keeps asking me for that error.
how do I do this factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: it doesn't leave this screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
if I go back to the screen it asks to choose the language
there is no way I can do the reset like this
OK!
then he is in this setup screen and he keeps having network error and connecting to the micro just to charge
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: on #NUMBER#
it's worse than he's not there, I even tried to put the clip in the reset hole
and freezes on the screen
but thanks for the help, I'll continue to look for some solution
ok! just that
thanks.
I purchased the book #NAME# and have not received it from #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: request #PHONENUMBER#-01
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# cinnamon and cloves
#NAME# cinnamon and clove
Brazilian Portuguese: I can only see four chapters
Preview
IOS
The book that appears [and PRE-VISUALIZAÇÃO
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
THE BOOK DOWNLOADED IN #PRS_ORG# ONLY HAS 4 CHAPTERS, TWO IN THE FIRST PART AND TWO IN THE SECOND PART.
SO, IT IS INCOMPLETE.
What does "sair" mean "sair" means "Terminar sessão"?
Brazilian Portuguese: exits.
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: leave and return
The book, Gabriela, remains incomplete.
Brazilian Portuguese: leaves
leave
I am saying that it leaves,
I'll do it now.
can I?
I logged in again
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
I made it with option #PRS_ORG#.
I am.
I signed in with the Livraria Cultura login and the book #NAME# is still unavailable.
I'm checking
It seems to have worked out.
Thank you.
thank you and have happiness
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#
request number: alread #PHONENUMBER# and still can't read.
Only the sample is showing up, not the whole book.
#EMAIL#
23/02/#NUMBER#
okay.
Yes.
always access qdo easily buy
but this time this book just let me read the sample and don't unlock all items
#PRS_ORG#
ONLY THIS BOOK I BOUGHT TODAY ARRIVED EARLY AND IS CAUSING THIS PROBLEM: THE MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
REQUEST #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: IOD
iOS
THERE ARE OTHERS #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Lupa da Alma,  the End of Alzheimer's, Nietzech today
Brazilian Portuguese: sure, you can.
But what about future purchases that I make, will this happen again?
thank you for the guidance
how do I do this?
yes
I've already played it.
that the book that I bought is no longer
Can I put it back in the library again?
ok I wait
"perfeito" worked.
Thank you for the attention and excellent work day
My # PRS_ORG# was restarted and books that were purchased (except one), as well as PDF files, disappeared.
How to solve it?
Good morning!
The email is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, Order Number #PHONENUMBER#
Okay, great day to you as well.
There is another email, where the receipt for the above request was sent to: #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
One moment please.
I'm a bit confused, but it's #PRS_ORG#, which I found in "About #PRS_ORG#"
I found.
#EMAIL#
Question: 1. How do I exit the #PRS_ORG# account and where: on #PRS_ORG# or on the computer?
; 2. How do I log in with a new email?
Excuse me, but I'm not very familiar with these modernities
I am connected to the WiFi, but I don't remember how I set it up, though I think it is easier by the computer
I'm configuring by #PRS_ORG#
Then I get to a page that says, Sign in with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it is visible but when I click, nothing happens
Now I've come back.
How the network fell, I don't know if you're online
Hello!
I purchased some ebooks from the #PRS_ORG# website and they do not appear in the #PRS_ORG# app.
I checked "my books" in my account in #PRS_ORG# and it only lists books that I have already purchased.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: today, 27/2, if not, 14/2
No
That's good
THE SECRET OF MY TURBAN
#NAME#
or   THE DUTCH HOUSE
It was another title
Brazilian Portuguese: One of them, because none of the ones I bought showed up
There were 6 in total.
All the books I bought so far have been charged to this account, either through #PRS_ORG# or another #PRS_ORG# (site).
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: yes, wait a minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
yes, sure
Brazilian Portuguese: clear
It is correct
yes
this
of course, it's the same one
correct
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: 1 minute
no, it is not this one
#URL#
One moment
I only have 1 left that I bought right after, I'll send you the sales receipt
i received it, thank you very much
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this
Do you know why you didn't enter directly into #PRS_ORG#?
They are all available!!!!
Thank you very much!
:)
empty it?
I did not understand.
Oh yeah, I understand
Thank you so much and have a great day!
I understand.
Thank you very much :)
Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive the email to reset my access password.
My email is #NAME#.
I made the order on the site and the email never arrived, it's not in spam or trash either.
I tried to access it through the Livraria Cultura website and it informs me that there are two accounts for the same email.
I had an old book in my library that I want to recover.
Thank you
It's been a long time since I go shopping, a long time.
The book I was looking for was Patrick O'oneal's, if I'm not mistaken "the surgeon's Mate"
Yes, I tried accessing it via #PRS_ORG# and via direct access to #PRS_ORG#.
But it informs that there are two accounts with the same email.
I choose the option #PRS_ORG#, in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
This message appears and it does not let me proceed.
I have another email, can you check if it would be possible?
the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access.
ok
Brazilian Portuguese: he rejects the address, "Missing city information".
Brazilian Portuguese: and there is no field to put the city...
Is there any specific format?
Even selecting Brazil in first place.
A Chrsitmas Carol
ok, it appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you so much.
If you can forward the request to the higher level check if they can do something about it with my other account, I would appreciate it.
Okay, thank you very much for the excellent service.
Hi, I received an email saying that I’ll lose my credits if I don’t pay for ##NUMBER## hours.
The problem is: I've already asked and they've already blocked my account due to my comorbidity and doctor's orders to not go to the gym.
How do I do it?
I await your reply.
I understand but why do you charge if my account is locked?
I received this email
Hi, I missed the chat here
Hello, Following, as I have comorbidity, I sent a request to block my account.
And during this time, I changed my card and they tried to charge and agreed to let me lose credit
I can not return to academia or sports by medical recommendation.
I need my account to remain blocked
OK, but will it be charged?
because I can't go to the gym
I need a blocking device - I can't go to enclosed places
on doctor’s orders
I #NAME#,
Thank you for contacting us about this and I apologize for any frustration here.
You should have received an email on October 29 notifying you that your subscription was disabled on November 5.
I apologize if this went unnoticed!
Under the circumstances, I was able to put your account back on an effective hold immediately for that cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of $37.8 was refunded to your payment method in the file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method may take longer to process.
However, you should see this money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thanks for your patience!
As your cycle date is the 5th of each month, I was also able to put your account on hold for your next cycle starting December 5th.
Your subscription will be renewed again on January 5th, #NUMBER#, at the 30-credit plan for $35.99/month.
You can make changes to your account at any time directly through your Account Settings.
I hope this helps, and please let me know if you have any further questions.
Best regards,
#NAME#.
that email that I received when I explained my situation
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
Hello #NAME#, good evening
I had a zumba class today at 7:30 p.m. at the gym #PRS_ORG#, but the credits weren't computed to the gym.
The class is now shown as canceled.
Could you please debit the credits from my account for the gym?
When did that change?
Because on Tuesday the same thing happened and they regularized it with #PRS_ORG#
But the reservation was canceled on the day of the class.
It probably happened because the administrator didn't send the link earlier but I am already part of the #PRS_ORG# group.
The same thing happened 2x and everything was fixed via the chat.
The school is in a different country to mine, and I can’t make the financial transfer to the school.
Could someone help me?
Hello, how are you?
Could you help me?
could you help me?
another question: if I dont like and cancel it before 14 days free, it wont be recharged on my credit card, right?
hello
I am up to review
could you transfer por a brazilian attendent?
could I be attend in portuguese, pls?
Brazilian Portuguese: rs
but I want to choose another rate/value....dor less credits
I know there is a smaller plan which costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Brazilian Portuguese: português
helloaaa
just appear an option
for 15 credits
Brazilian Portuguese: correct
#NAME#, Brazil.
I need help.
Is that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on my login it shows 14 days free
#NAME#, next you have already been here for a while and I am unable to resolve...rs
wanted to reactivate my plan
but it is automatically set to #NUMBER#
and I wanted to reactivate it for #NUMBER# 15 credits
Could you help me?
Another doubt:
Am I entitled to the benefits of the 14 day trial?
In my login it appears
Brazilian Portuguese: I can't change the cycle
Brazilian Portuguese: do you understand?
is automatically filled in with #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: Yes, it can
Brazilian Portuguese: one min
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: follows
thank you
Hello, how are you?
Can I only see the values if I reactivate my subscription?
Hello sorry.
Can we go back to the chat?
Hello #NAME#.
How are you doing?
I'd like to analyze all the #PRS_ORG# plans x values.
Brazilian Portuguese: but I can’t on the website…
do I have to sign the trial first for a few days to be able to access this information?
Okay.
Thank you very much!
puts
I haven't been able to solve my doubt yet
can you help me?
I'd like to reactivate
my account right now
but only tells about automatic renewal of 30 credits...
Brazilian Portuguese: I'd like 15
can you see for me how many credits a gym membership modality charges?
Brazilian Portuguese: for me to have an idea of how much I should sign?
The studio I am talking about is the #PRS_ORG#
Can you see it here?
thank you so much
it would be a massage session at the #PRS_ORG# gym located in Campo Belo.
our
Brazilian Portuguese: all of this.
Brazilian Portuguese: rs
and so that I can change the automatic renewal for my subscription.
I saw that I could get 14 free days and 10 credits...
Can I cancel until when to avoid charges?
How much beforehand can I cancel to avoid the cancellation fee?
hello!
I would like to take a break in my plan.
could you help, pr please?
hello good
I would like to pause my subscription
I have 25 credits to spend yet
but I don't want to renew my cycle just yet
is it possible to use these credits even with the subscription pause, right?
Awesome!
Brazilian Portuguese: and I will not be charged during that period, right?
It might!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits I have?
I understood.
I can give a break for R$25, right?
I do not want to be charged R$#NUMBER# from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
so I would like to know what is the best option so that I can use these credits and cancel the account later
I'm on this page.
but the only option is a R$35,00 one
the other person that was attending me sent me the following msg
Now that state restrictions have been lifted and billing has resumed, we are no longer offering the 1-month free pause plan as a plan change option in your subscription settings.
However, you may continue to interrupt your subscription under our 0 credit accesses + digital credits" / "digital + credit accesses" monthly credits on the monthly subscription plan 0 at R$25 #NUMBER# months.
Can you change it for me so that it's only 25.00, please?
I understand!
And then he starts charging the 25,00 until I cancel the subscription, right?
ok!
If I make this change today, it will not be charged #NUMBER# but 25.00, right?
it is great.
thank you!
No, that was it!
same to you!
I would like to know about the plans
Hello,
I noticed that I’m being charged on my credit card.
I have never used it, I would like to cancel and to be refunded for the months I was charged for in an incorrect manner.
hello
I want you to immediately cancel the charges on my credit card.
I want to be refunded for the months I was charged incorrectly
I will sue them.
no.
I downloaded the app, didn't use it and canceled
you have not charged correctly.
without my permission.
Brazilian Portuguese: I don't want credits
I want them to stop charging
I want my money back
was wrongly charged
nor the app I had more
I forgot to log into my account before using it.
I have never used a class before
I am dissatisfied, I want to cancel and want back the money they wrongfully charged me.
Yes.
thank you
who am I talking to?
#NAME#
In addition to the prints of this conversation, I would like to record the agreement via email.
one week, right?
Brazilian Portuguese: on February 1 #NUMBER# you will be refunded, right?
I already have a copy.
I want an email from you saying what was agreed upon here.
#EMAIL#
saying that they cancelled and they will reimburse
do you have my account?
Okay, thank you very much!
everything okay!
doesn't help in anything else, I'll keep the email and receipts.
Thanks.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day to you as well!
Brazilian Portuguese: hello, have a good night.
How can I cancel?
Hello #NAME#
Good afternoon.
Do you speak protugues?
Any phone to contact?
I want to hire and I have some doubts
Do you offer a personal plan?
Create an individual account (natural person)
Any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - Rio de Janeiro - Brazil?
I could not find on the site
It's not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
what a shame.
niteroi
I'm in Brazil.
It seems there isn't, but thank you very much for your attention
Hello, good afternoon.
We are getting an incorrect debit on the credit card
The charge is coming on the card from #PRS_ORG#
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of the card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Portuguese (Brazil): the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
only this e-mail
The charge was made on #NUMBER# card, as sent on the photos
This card was cancelled but the charge still comes
To what email do we send it?
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving unwarranted charges on our credit card.
the charge is coming from #PRS_ORG#'s card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous agent informed me that this email is linked to the phone number, correct?
But they did not consider you.
Okay, please cancel it and the refund process
provide the refund process*
Just wait it out then?
Ok, will the money go directly into the bank account?
Since the card is canceled.
But if the card was canceled, how is the refund made?
Do I have to check this with the card issuer?
Ok, thanks
For now, just this, thank you very much.
Good day
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the experiment phase.
I am fine
#PRS_ORG# charge me after the trial period
Ok
Option 3
I tried to cancel through the app, but it keeps showing an error
Will those #NUMBER# on my invoice be refunded?
How do I only change my plan to a lower amount, let's say to #NUMBER# reais?
I would like to chargeback #NUMBER# reals and only use 99 reals
It is giving an error
Do you have a phone that you can talk to vcs?
Not yet
I just want to change plans, and receive the refund of #NUMBER# reals
Okay
If I choose the $9.99 per month plan, can I purchase individual credits?
If you miss any class
Okay.
Put me on the lowest plan ($9.99/month) and reimburse me partially for what was charged on the card statement
I have been attending a gym and my name has not been added to the system.
I made a request for it
Do you know if this matter was resolved?
My yoga - #NAME#
Okay.
I will contact the studio.
Thank you
Good morning
We need a budget to provide benefits to our customers.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# it's possible to schedule a meeting to talk about the subject
#NAME#
brazilian portuguese: has a telephone cantata
how can we schedule a meeting
Good day! #NAME#
I need a budget or to schedule a meeting for the benefit of our customers.
