Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M is my name
It's going well with you and with me
Nice to hear, I have a problem with ultimate team I was playing my fut draft and just won my 2 game.
I was happy and at the end of the game I got a PRS-ORG error that kicked me out.
Now I click on ultimate team again and see that I have automatically been assigned a team which I really hate.
Now I can't do it anymore
on the ultimate team which I don’t understand
Sorry for bothering you but
this was the only thing that came up in me
The email is EMAIL and my PSN ID is faycal-brahim.
Thank you for your help
Okay thank you for this information I knew nothing about it.
But what about then
me
compensation for my draft futures
NAME-M is grateful for all the effort you have done
I wish you much success in your work and much luck in the future
Same 👍🏼
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG account with an email address that I no longer have access to.
I used the account to play PRS-ORG.
This makes it impossible for me to log in to my PRS-ORG account.
I don't remember how the email address was spelled exactly.
If I'm not mistaken it was EMAIL
Again, I don't remember exactly
The account is linked to my PlayStation account, and I still have access to it.
That account is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hey NAME-M, my name is NAME-N
Can you help me further?
I have had a problem with my transfer market on the web app since last night
I can't buy any players anymore...
I can still do it on the game itself but not on the web app anymore...
Exactly, I can still access it and can search for players.
But as soon as I want to buy one, it gives me this message again
URL
Sure, EMAIL
Oh okay!
Nice to hear
Do you have any idea how long it would take before I can buy players again?
Because I still have a few SBCs that I would like to complete :D
I certainly understand that, I will try again later!
That was it for the rest :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I updated my PRS-ORG today and since then I can't start the game
I had this problem before
but then I fixed it with uninstalling PRS-ORG anticheat
and then reinstall it
but I have been trying to fix it since this morning but it is not working.
Yes
game doesn’t start
other games still work like BF etc.
but only with PRS-ORG I get this error
ok, sure
ok I will try it and let you know if it doesn't work
Thank you
PSN-NAME-N
PRS-ORG email address - EMAIL
I have no idea what that email address is
The original?
I'm not sure
So I say multiple
EMAIL
EMAIL
mailto:EMAIL
EMAIL
Well look
I just want to play PRS-ORG on this account
I am sure that the details were correct
But I have now bought PRS-ORG for nothing
So help me how can I solve this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-N
I unfortunately did not receive my order
I bought PRS-ORG points online via my phone.
But unfortunately not credited.
That’s correct
Not very long ago
I think it's 10 or 15
Okay great!
I'll wait a bit then... I'm not used to it taking longer either😄
Great!
I know that.
Sorry for wasting your time for now.
Have a nice evening!
And hopefully not until next time😜
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, not good with me.
I have been waiting for you for almost 1 week now!!!
When will I get my top players and 1 million coins back?
And back to being accessible during transfers.
I'm not going to wait days again now!
Do it right now
Ready?
Always the same stories pfff
I am deaf and bored at home because of PRS-ORG and I want to enjoy playing PRS-ORG!
Okay
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have 2 problems and 1 question.
First of all, there seems to be a glitch on the transfer market.
Items that should normally 'expire' are still on 'processing' and thus do not expire and I can't put them up for sale again.
Also, the problem that I can only offer 30 items at a time on the transfer market on the web app and on the PRS_ORG app has been dragging on for 3 weeks.
Also, I wondered if there would be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins, since this was a mistake and everyone who was able to buy it got a lot of coins for free.
The first problem has been solved.
It seemed like a glitch of a quarter of an hour!
Thank you!
My email address is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you
One more question
Is there compensation for people who couldn't buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins?
As this was a mistake and everyone who could buy the Hero pack received many coins for free.
Alright, thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Good but I have a problem
On January 15, someone had probably hacked into my account and I didn't even know it. He had sold my cards.
In PRS-ORG
Is it possible that I can get my cards back?
Is that possible?
Yes, someone hacked my PRS-ORG account and sold my cards.
Someone went into my account and sold my players
On January 15th, is it possible to get my players back?
EMAIL and online id is ALPHANUMERICID
ALPHANUMERICID
Yes, I can get my cards back
A HACKER HAS REMOVED MY CARDS I WANT MY CARDS BACK!
It is not incorrect
That person also hacked my email
I want my cards back
I can send photos
I WANT MY CARDS BACK
I had 87 carlos alberto 88 maldini 91 kroos stoickov
And more
Your cancer mother
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my account
Yes of course
I played PRS-ORG on the PC of PRS-ORG last year, now I am playing PRS-ORG on PlayStation but both accounts are on 1 email.
now I'm trying to log in on the web app, and I can't switch accounts, from PC to PS4
The option is there to switch from PC PRS-ORG to PlayStation PRS-ORG
But he doesn't do that
And when I try to do that, it keeps freezing and logs me out
Uh yes, I’m doing well, and how about you?
Do I need to answer anything else or?
So I can only log in on the web app tonight?
Because the web app is down tonight, or can I only do that on the 27th?
Or October 1st?
I mean that I can log in to the web app with my PlayStation account instead of the PRS-ORG account tonight
ebook
The PRS-ORG on Thursday 5 August
This ebook has now disappeared from my account
ok thank you.
I don't see an archive section for my books.
Yes, I can see the book now, but I can’t find the archive section myself.
For if it happens again
I found it!
Thank you for your help.
Thank you, you too have a great day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a new phone number
Because of that I can't confirm the verification code
To log in to the PRS-ORG web app
Great
Yes, that's EMAIL but because I'm not a student anymore, I can't access that email address...
I tried it last week but the chat crashed.
And the queue was quite long
That's why I'm trying it one more time now
I would especially like to change my mobile number
But I don't know how easy that is.
Yes, I understand that.
Date of birth 29
Billing address: ADDRESS
Phone number: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Good evening, NAME-M here
Sure!
I hope you are doing well too.I have a question about the PRS-ORG, as far as I know I still have to go every day, then SBC number 6 will come and then I still need one.
However, tomorrow the goal will end so then I would be short one.
My son has the same problem with his account.
or is there still enough time to do the last one tomorrow?
Yes, that's right, with the corresponding shapeshifters challenge
EMAIL
And EMAIL
My son uses it.
Yes of course, I will wait calmly!
I looked on answers.PRS-ORG, they gave the tip to report it here, indeed, then we could see if we missed a SBC or if there is indeed a mistake in the content
Oh great!
Yes, I had read that more people have this problem, but I thought I'd report it just to be sure.
A free PRS-ORG and a shapeshifter are great rewards!
No, that was it, thank you for your time and your explanation!
I will wait and keep an eye on answers.PRS-ORG and your Twitter account.
Thanks and have a good evening!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I have unlinked my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG a while ago.
My account states that it is disconnected from PRS-ORG.
I would like to link another account to my PRS-ORG.
I followed the steps I found.
I only don't get the possibility to link a new account.
I contacted PRS-ORG, but they sent me here
The account that is linked has the email address EMAIL
No, that is the account that PRS-ORG says is linked.
I would like to link it to EMAIL
I am unfortunately not at home right now, so I can't start a game, but I will definitely try it when I am at home.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
Yes, sure.
I just made 2 purchases for PRS-ORG packages.
It has gone from the bank account, but I am not getting any confirmation
Yes.
I want to buy more, but I am not daring to do so now
That is EMAIL (it is my game email)
And I just pre-ordered Growing Together and the First Fits kit.
Good evening,
Last month I subscribed to the PRS-ORG trial (both books and audio books) and it was also extended until 31.
Now I realized that I didn’t buy any audiobooks and I only wanted to buy books with the subscription.
I have therefore just cancelled my previous subscription as of 30 June and purchased a new subscription.
The problem is that I have now paid twice.
How can this be solved?
Greetings,
NAME-F
Thank you for the message.
My email address is EMAIL.
The last book I bought is PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
It's fine on my credit card.
Do I need to convert my subscription after June 30 or has that already happened?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have already spoken to someone from PRS-ORG before because I lost my account.
He said there was nothing else to be done but I saw someone on the internet who said it might be possible to try to disconnect your account, could you do this?
Yes, I would appreciate it if you could try to find it again.
But I wouldn't know as someone else also said that it's gone (my account)
By the way, it is still useful to know that I lost my account because I wanted to link it with PRS-ORG
But my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
well, I was hacked a while ago, someone logged into my PRS-ORG web app and sold all my items.
and I don't dare to say what else he did.
I wasn't, at least.
but now I am banned for something he did.
That's not really fair, is it?
Yes.
but I could still live with that...
until I was suddenly banned even though I don't know what I did
that is EMAIL
Thanks for your effort!
That would be really helpful, thank you for your effort!
and I understand that my account is my responsibility.
but a ban for 1000 days is a bit excessive.
I will wait for the answer.
Thanks and have a great weekend!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
I have been playing command and conquer on my pc for years, I bought it once, however PRS-ORG now says I don't have it anymore.
it doesn’t start up because of this
however, I can't find that code anywhere
Yes, that’s right, since last week.
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID I'm starting to doubt if it wasn't linked to my other email
I'll try that now
This is really stupid, it was linked to my other email address....
he's doing it again :)
My credit card is not saved again.
I had this problem last month too, and I already chatted about it.
Can this be solved? I don't want to have to report this every month...
EMAIL
PRS-ORG is the most recent ebook
my problem is in the first message...
credit card has expired and I have already registered the new one many times, but every time the old one is reset.
I don't want to get the notification every month that my account is not being renewed and every month to add my credit card again
yes, I did that at the time.
Then payment for April was successful.
now payment for May has failed again
ALPHANUMERICID
that number has remained the same
so that is the number that appeared on the new card
Yes, please.
I will do it one more time.
How can I escalate if it happens again next month?
I will do it on a different PC.
I will get started myself.
Thank you, hopefully it will work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I am blocked from the transfer market.
but I didn't do anything wrong
I have already contacted them 3 times but they have rejected me 3 times.
If you tell me how to prove it, I will do it.
EMAIL
I think it's because I put players on it.
And suddenly they are being sold for more than they are worth.
but I can't do anything about people using this headset
buy
I know that this is against the PRS-ORG rules.
I would never do this.
As you can see in my account, I have had an account for a long time and have never done anything wrong
That is why I would like to open a dispute for the 4th time.
I really hope this gets resolved
thank you, that was it.
could you please let me know that they are looking very closely?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
I keep getting an error message when installing.
The anti-cheat keeps hanging
I can send you a picture of the error message if you want.
EMAIL
NAME-M, are you still there?
PRS-ORG id: PRS-ORG
I play on PC
Error message: An error occurred in PRS-ORG Service.
Restart the game URL
I have not played the game ALPHANUMERICID yet
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I am playing all the episodes.
and afterwards a video of someone else playing it.
And I noticed that they could change their hand weapon.
For example, from a police baton to a foldable version.
But the option has completely disappeared from my game.
If I remember correctly, it is EMAIL.
It has been a while since I created this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello, my first name is NAME-M
I have a question about the packages with PRS-ORG.
I understand that you need to be lucky.
And that I can use all the packages of e.g.
I understand that you get a 84+ standard.
Also with the icon that I have bad luck to get 86 Ballack.
But when I do the hero SBC twice in a row and then get Campos twice in a row, I think this goes too far
Just like I said before, I understand that it's just bad luck that I actually get the exact same rating with the 81+, 83+ and 85+ packages\n\nContext: Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help!\nIk heet NAME-M.\nWat is jouw voornaam, als ik het vragen mag?\nHi NAME-M!\nHope you're doing good.\nHow may I assist you today?\nIk heb een vraag over de pakketten met PRS-ORG.\nIk snap dat je geluk moet hebben.\nEn dat ik met alle pakketten van bv.\n84+ ook echt een 84 plus standaard krijg snap ik.\nOok met de icon dat ik pech heb 86 Ballack te krijgen.\nMaar als ik dan 2x achter elkaar de hero SBC doen en dan ook 2x achter elkaar Campos krijg vind ik dit wel heel ver gaan\n\nTranslate the Dutch source text to English, given the context.\nDutch: Ik heb een vraag over de pakketten met PRS-ORG.\nEnglish: I have a question about the packages with PRS-ORG.\n\nContext: Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help!\nIk heet NAME-M.\nWat is jouw voornaam, als ik het vragen mag?\nHi NAME-M!\nHope you're doing good.\nHow may I assist you today?\nIk heb een vraag over de pakketten met PRS-ORG.\nIk snap dat je geluk moet hebben.\nEn dat ik met alle pakketten van bv.\n84+ ook echt een 84 plus standaard krijg snap ik.\nOok met de icon dat ik pech heb 86 Ballack te krijgen.\nMaar als ik dan 2x achter elkaar de hero SBC doen en dan ook 2x achter elkaar Campos krijg vind ik dit wel heel ver gaan\n\nTranslate the Dutch source text to English, given the context.\nDutch: Ik heb een vraag over de pakketten met PRS-ORG.\nEnglish: I have a question about the packages with PRS-ORG.
But 2x a hero SBC in a row and then also 2x the same player NAME-M
I am not happy with the probability, but I do understand it.
But as I just mentioned, doing the hero SBC 2x in a row and getting the exact same player 2x in a row, and then campos.
I think that's going too far
Then I know enough and also that this was the last penny that went into it.
Because I find this too ridiculous for words.
I'm not complaining about the extremely bad packs I get.
But when you get the exact same hero SBC twice in a row.
It is a shame that nothing is done about it but it is clear how PRS-ORG deals with its customers.
As I already mentioned, the probabilities are known, but what I just mentioned is something that I personally find to be going too far, given what you have to invest.
But I know enough, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi!
My name is NAME-N
Yesterday I tried to play PRS-ORG for the first time on my new mac, and it didn't work.
I had removed all the expansion packs and all the custom content, and it still didn’t work.
Today it works again.
Is there a problem with macbooks with Os ventura?
At PRS-ORG
Today it finally works for the first time to start PRS-ORG.
However, I am worried if it will continue to work.
Via PRS-ORG
Yes, there is an unknown error
Okay, thanks.
I'll try that
I want to increase my credit with PRS-ORG.
When I go to my account/payment settings, I can only enter a credit card.
EMAIL
oops… no idea
okay
ADDRESS
I have a subscription with PRS-ORG for free PRS-ORG.
Sometimes I want to buy a book.
Then I need an amount via PRS-ORG
I have done this before, so I know it can be done.
But I can't find it now
Thank you.
But I put 25 euros on my PRS-ORG account which I could use to buy books.
This is almost gone, so I want to put another 25 euro on it again
Yes, that's right.
No gift card, but I had set it up via PRS-ORG.
I will keep looking.
I hoped you knew that.
Thank you for your effort
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
About a half year ago I contacted you about the expansion packs.
these are not visible in the PRS-ORG. I was then told that there is a bug in my game and they would work on it.
a long time has passed and I still can't do anything with the expansion packs
Now I am curious about how it is going and how long it can still take
EMAIL
I have executed the clear cache.
The app now gives multiple error messages when I try to open it.
I am now trying to restart the app.
I closed the app via Task Manager.
it has restarted now
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-F, I bought PRS-ORG via my Playstation 5 and then downloaded PRS-ORG for free via PRS-ORG.
Now when I play PRS-ORG, after a while, I get the message that the session will end in 15 minutes and the game closes?
I bought the subscription via my Playstation account.
The email address is EMAIL
Of course
Or did I misunderstand and is PRS-ORG not included for free with PRS-ORG?
Oh okay is hor
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
Except for the balls from yesterday, everything is fine.
I found out yesterday that I was hacked on PRS-ORG, which caused me to lose all my tradable players and items in Ultimate Team.
I called about this yesterday evening and if I'm not mistaken, case #PHONENUMBER was created for this
I was wondering if there is any news about it and how long it takes to solve such a problem.
856425
Okay, thanks.
At least I know that everything has been transmitted correctly etc.
Is it then checked if something from a backup from 24 hours ago can be made o.i.d?
okay, clear, then I'll wait.
Thank you NAME-M and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
PRS-ORG
I am doing well.
and with you?
I just spoke to a colleague of yours, about the fact that I didn't receive my PRS-ORG points but the amount was debited from my account.
the final score had to attach a screenshot via the laptop
I did that and now I wanted to know if I get my money back or my PRS-ORG points
my day was nice and relaxed, thanks.
thank you
I literally bought it an hour ago
Sure?
Sure, no problem.
then I'll just keep playing all night because I still have to place myself for the weekend league haha.
have a nice evening and good night
PRS-ORG is love haha.
It's okay, I'll wait.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi!
Since the new level cap of PRS-ORG, I haven't received any loot boxes.
I do get the notification that I have received a loot box.
I can’t open it because the tab is not there.
Yes, there are only a few, but I still want them hahah
sorry yes
yes, I had tried that.
ah ok thanks
so there is not much to be done]
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
draft was lost because the opponent left the game
I have had this problem three times this week.
I have also indicated this via the chat every time.
I also eat that you acknowledge this problem
Yes, draft match
the third time already
This has already cost me about 10 euros.
and?
getting the draft token back is not possible when the opponent does the glitch and you know that!
so that solution won’t work
I don't understand why you don't just give a draft token
Can you see how long I have been logged in today at PRS-ORG?
how long I've been online and when I log out?
then you can see that it can never be my fault if I stayed online?
If I can prove that I stayed online, will I get my tokens back?
I can just prove that.
When will I receive an email?
I have been waiting for a week now
This is the third time already.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
I would like to cancel my membership of PRS-ORG!
That's absolutely correct
But I can't do it through the website.
Because then it will say 'you are not a member of PRS-ORG'
But every month money is being debited!
EMAIL
okay thank you for the help
But aren't you responsible for PRS-ORG charges?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Good afternoon, I am NAME-M, and I have already contacted you about the verification mails that do not come in.
I have created an alternative email address as requested by you.
yes it’s going fine
That is absolutely correct, and I also can’t see where the problem is.
it seems like those mails are bouncers and go back immediately
that's why you asked me to try it with a gmail account
EMAIL
and EMAIL should be added there as a test
ALPHANUMERICID
I get that, but I don’t get anything that is automatically generated
EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked
I have already opened several cases, but nobody can help me.
I just reset the security again on the advice of your colleague
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked.
I have already opened several cases, but nobody can help me.
I have just reset the security on your colleague’s advice.
EMAIL
I just got this information from your colleague, but I am doing it again
ALPHANUMERICID
This is the new code
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I am doing well and I hope you are too.
I have a question about restoring quick sales from the PRS_ORG app
I think something is not right here?
I had 0 repairs a while ago and was waiting for it to be renewed so I could get 5 extra repairs, but unfortunately I just saw that only 1 was added and I already used it.
And now I have to wait for ALPHANUMERICID again for new 5?
Basically, I only got one and it should have been five, I don’t understand that..
Is it possible to solve that?
I think today?
I don't know the exact time, yesterday there were still 10 hours left, I assume today?
it now says ALPHANUMERICID and 22 hours left?
okay, I will do it.
thanks for your time
Thanks, I don’t have any other problems luckily :)
Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Hello NAME-M, I have a problem with logging in to PRS-ORG.
my password is incorrect and when I request a new password I don't get any email
checked all folders
I also tried a few days ago, and I didn’t receive anything then either.
I just got a mail from customer experience, so my address is correct.
EMAIL
hebbes: 567364
Yes, password reset successful.
I am in.
Thanks for the support!
No, thank you.
That's it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I have a problem with my PRS-ORG game recently
my little brother (14) used my account and my account was banned out of my control
from PRS-ORG fut transfermarkt.
I recently found out about this and I wonder what we are going to do about it.
I want to change my password now.
my PSN password was recently changed, which allowed him to get into my account.
you can check this if possible
Indeed
I saw that you have a live chat so I was wondering if you could help me with this.
Yes, EMAIL
I changed my password about 3 weeks ago for him, not knowing that he would misuse it of course.
I don't want to call it abuse, but yes, he did do it.
moment
527166
That's good.
you also give all the details, right?
Yes, did you put in the details I mentioned?
because that is leading to this story
ok thanks
I bought a book in your app about half an hour ago, but the book still doesn’t appear in my ebooks
EMAIL
I bought that ebook today
Tuesday, February 23
The money has indeed already been debited
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 14:36 CREDITCARD
I can see it.
Thank you very much!
I get quite confusing emails, on the one hand the deduction (rightly so) of my monthly fee and on the other hand the notification that my payment is not completed.
Is this spam or how does this work?
EMAIL
I am currently reading PRS-ORG
ALPHANUMERICID 91D; Just to clarify, you are currently chatting with the husband of PRS-ORG, I hope this is not a problem.
I handle all administration at our company and I was surprised by the subsequent mails.
NAME-N reads mostly (with great pleasure ☺
Yes, it concerns two mails from last Thursday, January 28th, at 13:16.
The strange thing is that the subscription went very well for a long time, but in December there was suddenly a request for the payment to be restored.
By the way, the debit did take place.
My daughter recently restarted the sign-up process.
Again, we would like to keep the subscription (and preferably without any problems ☺)
The subscription has existed since about.
May 2020
At this moment, it is working well!
On January 28th, a normal €9.99 payment was also made.
The important thing is that it is working, so this is a satisfactory answer for now.
If something happens, we will contact you.
Thank you for your time and answer for now!
Best regards, NAME-M
No, that's fine!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Can it be in Dutch or would you prefer English?
This morning, around noon, the trophy Titan Cup reset the clock at 12 o'clock.
I still need to play a few matches to reach 10.
I am coming home from work earlier today because it needs to be played before 7pm.
Now it turns out that it hasn't been reset.. can you change that?
I understand.
Only a shame that I'm going to miss two packages (again) because of a server error, and in total there are PRS-ORG+ rating players in them.. I pay for a game to work and this is very unfortunate.
Is there a possibility to deliver these packages anyway?
Now I understand that this explanation would work against a child of 18 years.
I myself am a bit older and know well enough that all of this is possible.
It has already happened before
When there is missing content, it is also put back on accounts
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Good day, I just claimed my division rivals.
I wanted everything untradeable.
But my game froze and I could only press A on option 3.
I now have the coins and a few packs.
(Unopened) can you take this away and convert it to option 2 untradeble rewards?
You can transfer them, I haven't spent anything or opened them.
I wanted to get everything untradeable.
Are you there?
No, I got option 3, 3 packs with coins.
But I wanted option 2 everything untradeable and more packs.
Option 2 is everything untradable without coins, which is what I wanted. I played for that all week haha
I got option 3.
Coins + 3 packs.
I wanted option 2 with everything non-tradable without coins but more packages.
No, I got option 3 and I wanted option 2!😃
I want option 2
The game chose option 3 but I wanted option 2!
Everything untradable and most packages
You can change it.
It is unopened.
I played the whole week for option 2!
I didn't claim anything!
The packs are unopened.
The solution lies on your end.
You are making a mistake!
I don't have anything to do with this.
Thanks for nothing!
You are lying, I know how many times PRS-ORG changed packs because of bugs I know that from before
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
I have a low battery, so I actually want to get to the point where that happens.
Last week there were high discounts on expansion packs of the PRS-ORG game.
I already have the game itself via my account, but when I tried to log in to make a purchase, I got the message several times that logging in was “currently” not possible.
I still can't log in to my account, and the sale is now over.
That's why I was wondering if there is a possibility to still benefit from the sale, since I'm not going to pay €40 for a game expansion.
I wanted to add the "PRS-ORG" and "PRS-ORG" expansions to my game, as a surprise for my younger sisters.
Thank you!
Okay, that's a shame
I don't have time for that right now, so I'll ask for that another time.
Thanks anyway
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
My name is NAME-N and I have problems resetting my password
I am not receiving the email
The email is EMAIL and I forgot the PRS-ORG ID because it has been a while.
I think it was ALPHANUMERICID or something like that.
the code is DEVICEID
Sorry, I just received the mail 282732
No, thank you for the help.
I just find it strange that I didn't receive the emails to reset my password.
Have a good night.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hi!
My name is NAME-M
I am doing well, thank you!
I have a question, in the career mode, are there more customization options than in pro clubs.
Are these features ever added to Pro Clubs?
Sure!
And thank you.
That is EMAIL
Ah, okay!
Clear!
Thanks and sure, I'll take your feedback into account.
Thank you very much :)
Thank you, and no that was my only question!
Have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
My first name is NAME-M
I have a question about PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG account
I want to claim the offer
However, the PRS-ORG account is not linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
I play PRS-ORG
I want to make the connection but it's not working
I just have a PRS-ORG account
And I've been working on it for half a day but I'm not getting any wiser
Just done
Yes, it works
Thank you very much!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
With me, almost everything is going well, only the following: A few years ago (2014) I created a PRS-ORG account.
My email address where that was done EMAIL no longer exists.
How can I get access to my account now.
I still have the passwords, but I think they have expired.
Thank you!
That is no longer possible, the email address no longer exists.
Is there no other way I can identify myself?
After all, it's a lot of money.. I even bought a hardcopy of PRS-ORG!
I can't do anything with it now...
I still have the passwords.
I am sure they are correct.
I have no idea if there is an SMS verification option, but my phone number is still the same
Is there a phone number I can call?
Or can you call me?
Or mean something to me?
Maybe I can transfer the games to a new account?
Is there anything that you can help me with?
I really find it very unfortunate that there are just hundreds of euros gone.
And there is nothing to be done about it.
While I can fully identify myself, except with that email address
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
hi my name is NAME-M
I have already contacted some of your colleagues today,
I have two PRS-ORG accounts
one of which is linked to an old email address
I would like to link a new email address to one of them because the old one no longer exists.
I just finally got into my account
it is this account NAME-N
which is linked to the email address EMAIL
My PS ID is NAME-N
yes super!!
I have another PRS-ORG account that is linked to my email address EMAIL
I don’t know if I can link everything to it?
EMAIL
ok, please use this email address
then I can finally play my PRS-ORG fut team on mobile as well
thnx I'll do it right away
thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-N.
I already contacted you guys about this problem yesterday.
I moved to the Netherlands half a year ago.
as a Belgian player, I could never buy PRS-ORG points, but that is all in the past now.
I have changed my location on PRS-ORG but I still can't buy points.
creating another account is possible, but then I would lose my progress with my 'main account'.
Can you help me further?
Yes, that’s right.
it is set to Amsterdam.
I have already emptied my cache as they had advised me yesterday but that doesn’t work either.
this is already an
changed but it doesn't work
thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F. What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem, I bought PRS-ORG ultimate edition, but I never received the PRS-ORG points
Great, thank you in advance
EMAIL
Yes, I am very sure
Because if I go to the playstore, I can still buy the standard edition.
But the ultimate edition is no longer available, it has been purchased
I also have a confirmation that I bought the ultimate edition
That's good, can that be done via PRS-ORG or does it have to be done via the internet?
Thank you for your help, have a great day further
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-F
No problem!
I had already contacted your colleague about my problem.
I added PRS-ORG Expansion Pack to my PRS-ORG account earlier today.
I can't see the download button.
Your colleague came up with this link URL himself.
I have gone through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Yes, my email address is EMAIL
Via URL
Yes, I do!
The code is ALPHANUMERICID
Okay, then I will wait and see.
Thank you for the help!
No, I'm good.
Thank you!
My email address: EMAIL
Android
Here is my question: it is about payment options for my subscription and for new books
question: I am changing my credit card: the old one is blocked and the new one has not arrived yet.
Can I pay with PRS-ORG in the meantime?
And if so, how does it work?
I don’t see an option for that on the URL.
Last book read: PRS-ORG
Both
That option is not shown on my ereader
And where can I find the checkout page?
......or can that not be done on the ereader itself?
Do you mean that it should be possible from the ereader?
Okay.
And if I want to order a new book on the site and pay for it with PRS-ORG?
ebook
EMAIL
PRS-ORG is now in my ebooks bieb but I can't open it.
Furthermore, there are PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I just downloaded PRS-ORG via URL for PRS-ORG (I have a subscription) on the e-reader but when I open it, I get the message Oops, this document cannot be opened.
I have no idea why that is not possible, that is why I am asking you.
on URL?
I just signed out from URL on my laptop.
do I have to do that in the app on my mobile?
Done
I still can't open it.
I get the same message.
I have gone through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Hi, I have solved it in the meantime.
The e-reader is my son's and it was on his PRS-ORG account while the payment went through my URL account.
Apparently I can't send books to his ereader under my account via PRS-ORG?
Because now that I'm logged in to his ereader with my details (I first logged my son out) I can read the book.
Thank you for your help anyways.
Hello, I haven't used my PRS-ORG reader for a while.
Now I have a problem with charging the PRS-ORG reader.
I have tried different USB cables, both on the computers and on a USB port outlet and with a plug.
I reset it to the factory settings and synchronized it, but it still won’t charge.
Otherwise, it still works fine.
Do you have any last resort for me?
Thank you in advance.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
The wild silence via URL
Where can I find the serial number?
I am from the Netherlands
I can't read it, that's why I took a picture
and PRS-ORG of NAME-F
ebook
NAME-F PRS-ORG
I came to the PRS-ORG site and bought these two books with my URL account
I thought I would receive downloads by email but that is not the case.
I have a PRS-ORG but I don't know my account details anymore
so now I have nothing from my purchases.
Can I get both downloads so I can install them on my PRS-ORG?
my PRS-ORG account is on EMAIL.
probably my PRS-ORG account on EMAIL
ah ok, I didn't know that, it's great if you want to put these two books on the other account.
But which accounts do I have then?
when I look at my PRS-ORG reader, I see EMAIL next to the account
Great, that’s really helpful.
I just don't understand how this went wrong and how I should arrange it next time :)
yeah they are there :)
thank you
Is the other account EMAIL?
Are there books under there?
ok, I'll do that, but when I ordered, I was asked if I wanted to log in with my URL account?
I think that's where it went wrong.
if I press repair now, will all my 1000 books that are on it not be deleted?
you mean that all the books that are on it will stay on it.
Also the ones that were not bought through PRS-ORG?
I think it worked.
thank you for your help
Hi, my subscription has not been charged, while my credit card details have not been changed and I have not changed anything.
I just changed the data (after receiving a second mail about it).
Can you guys check what the reason is that my subscription is not being charged?
And whether the data is correct?
Thank you in advance
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
Author NAME-F
Yes, that’s fine
I just changed the credit card details for safety's sake
Thank you
So if everything goes well, my subscription won't be cancelled in three days?
That's good to hear.
Thank you for your efforts!
I will hear from you via email how it goes.
Have a nice day!
I ordered a book from NAME-F last week
unknown_issue
my current ereader is starting to have charging problems.
Now I have a new PRS-ORG touch e-reader.
How can I get the books from my current ereader to my new ereader?
the most convenient for me is if you put it in an email EMAIL
okay, I will try that later
okay thank you so far.
no, don't do that, first try charging and downloading the ereader.
if it doesn't work, I will let you know again.
I bought two books this week via the PRS-ORG website: Derksen and Selfies by NAME-M.
When I try to open these books on my ereader, I get the message: Oops!
This document cannot be opened.
I have already synchronized the ereader several times, but that doesn't help.
I also don't see the books anywhere on my computer.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG NAME-N, today around.
13.4
I already understand what went wrong.
I ordered these books on the account EMAIL
these books should have been on the account EMAIL
fine
Yes, sorry, I have some problems with the ereader.
The problem has been solved.
I logged out and then logged in again.
After restarting, both purchased books are on my ereader.
thank you for the help
I understand that my accounts EMAIL and EMAIL are linked?
When I log in via PRS-ORG, I use that account EMAIL
I am offline.
reply can also be sent to one of my mail addresses, thank you
