Well, it is like this.
I had an annoying incident yesterday.
I had around 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when logging in I only had 776
Ok.
Yes, I signed up for PRS-ORG App yesterday.
I was then thrown out and upon re-registration the coins were gone
So I didn't buy anything myself.
Since I was online via the PRS-ORG App as mentioned before to complete the SBC.
I was then logged out and, when I registered again, the coins were gone.
Could it be that they were bought differently?
As I was at work where it all happened
That is to say, it must have happened at my PRS-ORG.
I was at work at the time, as I said, and I was just annoyed that I couldn't access my coins.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
A pity that PRS-ORG cannot do anything about such problems.
But each player should spend as much money as possible for in-game purchases.
There is still room for improvement in this area.
Pay more attention to customers than to profits.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hi, this is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
When you are too good (Season 1 Elite €
You can't achieve the goals as shown in the picture
Therefore, experience is lacking for seasonal progress
Please automatically rate the goals as completed if a “better” goal aka div 2 has been fulfilled.
No it's about season experience
But I also take rewards again, it's not like that 😂
i.e. the goals are unlocked?
Or do we get compensation because they are unreachable?
Since they cannot help me with my current problem.
Anyway nice evening for you
Good morning, our device wants us to swipe the EC cards.
This is not possible at all with our device.
What should we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will look at your conversation with NAME-M now.
We are currently running the clinic so I am not always on my phone.
I will pass this on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and now in the consultation.
It will address the issue from the main account later.
Thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-M!
I still can't buy or sell players via the PRS-ORG App, only via PRS-ORG.
Please release this feature for me as quickly as possible. I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and in PRS-ORG, and have made a lot of games in it too, and I even bought PRS-ORG already, but without the marketplace in the app, it just makes half as much fun. After all, I paid a lot for the game, and I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great, without the feature I won't buy any more PRS-ORG.
Thank you for the help!
I have played all modes and made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't this be speeded up?
This is a shame, because it spoils the fun of the game.
Anyone can buy and sell players through the app, but not yourself.
It's really not nice what PRS-ORG is doing.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and this is how one is treated then, it is not nice.
Ok, too bad, then I will try a little, we hope that it works quickly.
Otherwise, I don't need the game anymore.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thanks, I'm fine.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher, then a black window opens and closes again
No
I'm not even in the game.
I think it's because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked
But I can't undo it
Yes.
No
rather not earlier
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG, however, it's linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
NecrisPhayder69
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Sorry, I had to attend to another subject.
I'm back.
Is it possible to provide article data, for example, via CSV import for a multitude of products/services?
Yes.
The connection still exists.
I ask for some patience with my answers, as I, too, have to wait a while for responses.
I would like to create a large number of articles with descriptions, etc. at once using csv-Import.
Does this feature exist?
I would like to add a large number of articles with descriptions etc. at once by using the csv import.
Is this feature available?
The emphasis here is on "plurality".
It's about migrating from another system
Thanks for forwarding.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I supposedly violated the rules.
I would like it to be undone, and at least I can beg to start over again.
I would not know what else to do with the game.
I cannot play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to at least have a chance to start over.
The other accounts could remain locked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the possibility to create a new account and start over, because I wouldn't know what to do with the game otherwise if you understand me.
521160
No, I did not get an email from your team.
NAME-N I would.
Otherwise I would wait 45 days.
If, on the other hand, you cannot do anything.
Paper reel is not recognized
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will transfer you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I did not understand that.
Would you rephrase your question, NAME-M?
The included paper roll is not recognized
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking up the answer.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
No receipt was printed.
Yes.
Error message: the printer has run out of paper.
Create a new role and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
It is brand new and today, the printer doesn't work any more, because it doesn't recognize the paper.
It's the original roll that came with the machine and it's not being recognized.
Even what is inside the packaging is not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
I hope for them too.
Um, I have the following problem.
I submitted a DSVGO request yesterday, and now I haven't received an answer.
How long does something like this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, which is why I would like to have a GDPR information because I would like to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Okay, then I will have to be patient.
I just hope that this gets sorted.
I put a lot of money into the game and a lot of effort in winning the players over.
Okay, I'll wait for an answer.
Okay thanks already for the help thanks to them as well
Inadvertently ejected PRS-ORG
Yes thank you, I hope for you too.
My problem is the following:
Yes, thank you. I hope you are well too.
I accidentally ejected a player when I completed the PRS-ORG.
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG as a gift through PRS-ORG on 12/20.
I have already spoken to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG, who referred me back to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not land in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was indeed activated via the account, but unfortunately, the PRS-ORG were not credited to the account to this day.
Can you see that?
You've redeemed the code and you don't have an PRS-ORG game?
I have done PRS-ORG.
And when I tried to get them into a team my controller fell down and I pushed it away.
I received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I clicked on the activation link even though I have neither a PRS-ORG nor an account
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hi, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza)
And the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is, how do we change this now?
The problem is the data from the predecessor, I don't have any.
and I have to change it as fast as possible because of the ec card payments and
Do not you have a hotline?
Unfortunately not from the predecessor.
We basically need to register completely new.
or what is your idea
ok and how or where do I do this
And what about when the pizza delivery driver has to take the device with them?
ok, thank you, I will try it, if I have questions, I will contact you again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Exactly!
On 31/10, I spent 2 x 20,00 € on PRS-ORG, but I never received a transfer.
No, I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I bought them but didn't receive them.
The money, however, was debited from my bank account.
Through the PSN store on the PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, I have not been able to complete my purchase for a few days.
How can the error be corrected?
EMAIL
That would have been on 3/1.
So re-enter the credit card number?
Unfortunately, it did not work out.
No, my patience is exhausted today.
I still have something else to do.
Maybe I will get another system.
Schade was actually always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
Twelve down there.
I have already checked to see if there was a block, but my history does not show one.
Correct.
The game doesn't start although it has been doing so without problem up until now.
System is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
In the case of my two sons, it didn’t work either.
These have different email addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I will try this and get back to you.
I purchased PRS-ORG to use the advertised Crossplay in F1 22.
However, you cannot play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore I am demanding a refund and cancellation of the subscription.
If the delivery is improved, I would be happy to become a customer again.
EMAIL
I swap experiences with other drivers from the ALPHANUMERICID what you have achieved already, instead of enjoying the new car with everyone.
Otherwise things are going well and I thank you for your request.
How was your day?
Do they annoy many?
Isn't it terrible for PRS-ORG to have problems constantly helping people?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something special.
Green stands for the color of hope, right?
How is this going to proceed from here?
That was all I wanted.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I am just having a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case, and you sent me a code (to verify me) via e-mail so that you could forward the problem.
When I was back on the site of PRS-ORG the chat was gone.
Here is the code if you can use it somehow.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG, I thought.
Yes I know, it's about my brother who is 11 years old, that is why I contact you.
His e-mail is: EMAIL
Yes I know that, it is about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I contact you.
His e-mail is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Could you help me further?
But my email does not have a 6-digit code.
What do I have to do now
ebook
I have loaded a title about PRS-ORG via Onleihe onto my PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for it.
I did the authorization but normal before
One of the titles is "An Immoral Special Offer".
Yes, exactly, I use
I
I will try again and otherwise I will report this case separately.
Thank you
It has unfortunately not worked out, who can I turn to?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp
You're going to help me?
if you are using the PRS-ORG trial access, you cannot use the web app
I get this message when I start the webapp.
Why is that?
My PSN account is:
rs19-07
do you also need my PRS-ORG email?
All clear, thank you.
Thank you, that's very nice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I'm pretty pissed off right now.
I have just been chatting with one of my colleagues and followed their advice, so now I can't even get into my PC.
PRS-ORG has released an update.
Now my normal password doesn't work anymore
Yes, it did.
But now PRS-ORG no longer starts and I no longer have access to the PC because it now apparently wants a PRS-ORG password, but I don't have that!
I had some money before.
Numeric code
Now I can't even enter to pay
A simple one has become a huge problem!!!
Damn again.
I do not know this NAME-M.
I lost it together with my note sheet for passwords.
Alex that can't be true!!!
All because of the great advice from his colleague!!!
Thank you very much as well.
What nonsense is he telling me there.
That could take forever now
Yes.
Forward me to the corresponding PRS-ORG service!
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is , how can I help you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and it had to be replaced.
Now I am on the road and do not have the device with me.
I will have to call again sometime.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I will get back to you when I can read off the serial number.
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would like to request you to update it, so that I can change the login data and also so that an invoice copy can be sent to me.
It is now EMAIL
Exactly.
It was EMAIL before and now it is the one listed above.
And my website is now URL, but I could change this for the invoices, etc. myself.
My concern is that I should have my login details and also get a copy when the bill arrives.
Yes I am, it took some time to write:-)
I already sent an email a few days ago, but have not received an answer yet
but I'll write again, thank you so much :-)
Thank you!
No thanks:-) Have a nice day!
Kind regards,
Dear Sir or Madam,
I bought several PRS-ORG on 01/01/2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I ask for verification and reimbursement.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, a book of which is "Bloody Fetters"
But I received all the books, because I was asked to try again with my first order.
But I would be happy to hear back from you.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how may I assist you?
Hello, I would like to not send back a Sum up already ordered.
I order the PRS-ORG for that.
First question: with PRS-ORG I can enter the sum on the terminal and don't need an app to do it, right?
Second question: how does the return process work?
Exactly, that air I want to send back.
After that, I order the PRS-ORG.
Happy to, it will be 10 more minutes before I get back to the device.
Will the NAME-M not be lost?
Not that I need to start all over again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-F
I am fine
I would really love to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, however, my PC does not have a CD drive.
Is it possible to download PRS-ORG somewhere or will PRS-ORG be downloadable again one day?
That means you can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on a different PC?
Can I then save them on PRS-ORG and download them to my other PC?
Or is there no way?
Okay then I'll check it out… maybe you will find a solution.
Nevertheless, many thanks!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG yesterday on the series s and downloaded it.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I want the points that were promised to me in the version?
But why don't I receive them from the 27th?
Ok.
Thank you very much.
I'll wait.
I am annoyed that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I cannot buy any and I do not want my own wars.
I just want them to come as soon as possible.
Otherwise, preliminary access will not do me any good.
OK.
Thank you first.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I just wanted to ask what the problem is... I have been playing since release+ early access PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG and the transfer market (web app/companion app) is still not unlocked... something can't be right... I really need it... Best regards
and YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches per day
Yes, exactly.
Yes but I have been playing it for 3 weeks.
how can it be that it is still not unlocked...
I play actively every day.
something is not right here
If I'm not unlocked after 1 month, what happens then?
can you then help?
is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or must both be actively played, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you...
I hope you have a nice day, and that this will finally go through soon.... It's a really silly system you have with the "redeeming" part.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thank you, it works, except that you can help me. This morning I wanted to recharge 12k points via the web app ALPHANUMERICID, unfortunately I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the battle.
Now I want to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because that is ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super sweet and nice if you could do that.
I've been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you're interested in my age, I am 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you have saved my day for me and for this I am so grateful.
I will check three times in the future what I have clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Ok, a moment please.
Super, thank you very much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are here.....
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hi NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We are unable to establish a mobile network connection.
We have already restarted, took out the SIM card and put it back in, went to different locations, but it still doesn't work.
But it is possible for the WLAN.
PHONENUMBER
will be deleted...
starts again
I logged in, now it's searching again.
connected to the wifi
It works
even with the mobile network
can you tell me why it works now?
So that we can avoid the mistake.
We have had this fault since yesterday and all of a sudden it works again???
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Thank you, I'm glad about it.
On PRS-ORG yes
That's not the problem.
I can log on to the servers without problems
However, when the audwhl of the game statuses comes and I press OK, my game is presumably zoomed in too close
I can't see anything
NAME-M, then I'm curious, thank you for your help.
No, otherwise it worked, but it has confused me
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I should not have done that.
But honestly, who bothers looking at the small print when pulling a pack.
I bought the game for more money than I usually do.
And of course, I want to be able to profit from that
Anyway a new pack will come.
Should I not be worrying?
Very nice.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have changed the club name in Goals.
The task is also completed but the club name has not changed.
To be precise, it is about the abbreviated form that one can see at the top in the game.
E-mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or the PRS-ORG account is also RufusNasedo.
I believe I have confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to have this changed via support?
Typical for the company when it comes to customer service, but still thank you.
That is all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I have just been chatting with one of your colleagues.
my game doesn't start anymore after the update
NAME-M I am ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email. Here is the code.
What exactly? ^^
EMAIL
well, after today's update, the game no longer starts
PRS-ORG is opened and wants to start but does not go
graphics driver reinstalled the newest installed
Repair play
No more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello, in the Desktop App PRS-ORG, it was displayed to me that I will get 4600 PRS-ORG with the heading "More PRS-ORG", when I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and didn't get any points.
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you.
Did you write a reply?
I think that I got one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When do I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just finished PRS-ORG abo
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version
But I was told I would get PRS-ORG 4600
Can I then cancel PRS-ORG, so that I receive my money back?
sure, I'll try, dnake
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello,
When logging into PRS-ORG, I unexpectedly received the message that it is not possible to log in.
I can no longer log in to my account and the email to restore the password is still not sent.
*is going to
Gladly, it is EMAIL
118850
The code is
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning!
When will ticket ALPHANUMERICID be available?
Payout 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When will the amount 2579.91 be paid out?
I have not received the money
Only the final amount of 43 francs was paid out.
43.83
So, the money I don't have, they don't have to review it, not me
Yes I have.
But I did not get the amount from 2579.91
Hello.
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I cannot buy any books there with only an PRS-ORG EC-card.
Can I authorise a direct debit for you?
EMAIL
I haven't been able to shop yet because I couldn't pay.
And of these payment options, none of them fit me.
As I have said, I can only pay by EC card from the savings bank or give you a standing order.
Transferring money to them would also be possible.
Too bad, then I have to return the purchased PRS-ORG.
Only if you agree to one of the payment options I listed
I also thank them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I bought PRS-ORG, but I don't have access to the PRS-ORG web app
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I've just played PRS-ORG and continued with older parts.
PRS-ORG not
Do I have to first make a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
The web app has been running for 2 days, so I see a disadvantage in that, only until 27/09.
Getting Access to PRS-ORG
Where are you from?
Their grammar is not 100%, but since I am older, I can often figure out the meaning.
Thank you for your help.
And you.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable enable PRS-ORG
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:Moreover, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment please, I am transferring you to one of our support agents.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you mind rephrasing your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment, I'll look
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, many thanks for the info.
Everything else works perfectly.
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
This morning I saw on my app that my Transfermarkt is no longer working, can you give me any information?
There it says I have received an email but I haven't, therefore I am coming to the support here
Yes.
I've been buying and selling players through the night to earn coins so that I can improve my PRS-ORG
Can it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
Just as they look, I also buy regularly in the PRS-ORG store, of course I am not a bot or anything else.
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market
All clear, thanks for your time:)
I'm hoping for some good news.
To start the game with joy again you can 😊
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68%, I receive the message that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There, I only have the Retry and Abandon options.
For a moment, I have to start the installation again.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error report.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
Not right now.
I tried out the solution to the Feed problem.
If any problem still occurs, I will get back to you.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right.
And the ball goes to the only defender standing alone in a circle of several metres – what is that called exactly?
>If I had, I would not have specified the game as PRS-ORG.
Please again in clear German
Your sentence there was a really bad accident
What exactly did you want to tell me?
yes, the situation that I described to you
Do you actually consider for each answer a minimum of 5 min what you write?
“The situation you mentioned is a technical bug!”
Yes, I believe so
However, there was exactly the same bug last year as well
I also reported that to you.
Among others in your PRS-ORG
And then I was informed by your PRS-ORG_rephii that all of this would make perfect sense
And may it be so with you
One of you didn't have so much of a problem with the truth.
How do I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can assist you the best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example: “How can I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:Besides, please only ask me one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Do you want to return a device, or is the question about the status of a return or a refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Alright.
I will now transfer you to one of our support staff who will take care of returning your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
A moment, please, I'm looking it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thanks.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to try it out at a stand, but would like to give it back again.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 28.11
Unfortunately it is at home.
Then I have to look again when I'm at home
Thank you, I will do that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
Everything is fine, how are you?
In my Simpsons game, the quest to unlock “Fleet-A-Pita” does not start. The quest would have to be called “Investors”.
Exactly :)
Oh, no.
I still don't have a name.
Then it will certainly be because of this
Thanks for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but still have not received them to this day.
You're welcome.
My id is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I have to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like me to tell you your first name?
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG Legends is currently causing me some problems.
For about 2 weeks they have been sitting there about
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, lie around it.
My own figure is not in question.
And I can't get out of the game once it's finished loading, and I have to start it again.
What can be the reason for this?
The Internet connection works without any problems.
I have looked at all the links and we have already tried everything.
Changed the DNS server and tried it out at low-load times.
In other games it works without any problems, and individual rounds work without any problems as well.
Could it lie on the servers?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router using a cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m, the cable has been newly installed 3 days ago in order to be able to rule out the defect.
Ok, I'll report the bug.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I'm listening now to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with her colleague.
I have a request
i tested PRS-ORG bills and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like to delete the trial invoice so that I can start with 1.
Could you delete the bill?
There is a special test bill.
I need to get rid of them.
no booking will be made.
This was a test in which I went too far.
No payment is made.
I just entered it as a test
but then it's as if I paid
This is wrong.
they cannot simply set my "billing range" to 0
nothing has been done yet
Then please close my account and I will set it up again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I wanted to sign up the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to log in with a different device, the password I had received did not work.
I tried to reset it, but that doesn't work either.
Please help me!
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you so much
Unfortunately, nothing came of it.
893361
So, I will get an email with the password to use, right?
Which code?
Which I sent to you?
The number code?
It works, thanks a lot!
I registered a PRS-ORG account many years ago with an e-mail address which now only serves as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I inadvertently opened a second account with a different email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to merge these two accounts because I have to change them all the time.
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like to let everything run through EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all the games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
On which email address did you send the code?
On which email address did you send the code?
I got nothing.
I'll have a look in the spam folder.
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you very much!
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way of doing this?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from which one to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
You can help me to help you better if you state your questions clearly and concisely. For example: How can I change my email address?
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I'll put you through.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support agents can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much, I received the confirmation email
Thank you, everything is done for today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was locked out of the transfer market.
Alleged coin dispensing.
But which cannot be.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and already invested 400€.
I have also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: East sausage
Email: EMAIL
OK.
I hope that the sanction against me will be removed!?
I'm not aware of any wrongdoing!
So I was still in the game last night, and everything was okay.
I also did some parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to see the transfers in the app and then the message with the ban came along and the info about getting coins.
I can't understand and comprehend it!
Therefore, I am very much hoping for your help.
I immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
That's when I was hacked, and banned from the market place.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
Wanted to play Battlefield again for years and have switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG in the meantime.
When the game started, there was a message telling me to renew the password.
I did that, but I still couldn't get into the game.
I always get the same message - Change Password.
I can sign up for PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via the PS Icon, it comes back with Reset Password?
Exactly.
I then always get the message, "Change password" or "Error with PRS-ORG".
Despite password resetter
Thank you
My e-mail is EMAIL, for the PS I have the same e-mail
Okay.
I'll check it out.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition of the PRS-ORG22
I got the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player, and the dead item.
However, the OTW item is missing and, despite logging in and out, did not appear in my account.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, sorry, I read that wrong
The e-mail address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I am reassured!
Thank you :)
That was all, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thanks, I am doing well.
What about you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German commentary language in PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
ALPHANUMERICID Error
I am glad to hear that.
Very gladly.
:-)
Thanks for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also choose German as my language.
Only the comments will stay in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
But I would also like to have the comments in German.
Ok, thank you.
I will try.
With great pleasure.
Thanks, have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi
I was told that I can use my token in one hour, it is 2 hours ago and it still doesn't work
how can that be, my colleague told me, I have a token
I lost a token because of a game error ???????
How can it be that I don't get a token then?
I even have a clip
why are they now saying something different than in the other cases?
I saved a clip of how to start the opponent and the game exits
and I get defeated
That's not my internet problem, but the game.
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But I see that the colleague in front of them has written all of this incorrectly.
I get two different answers from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking up
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the touchscreen button for "pay" no longer works on my PRS-ORG device.
And I also cannot switch off the device because it is the same touchscreen button.
I have to quickly check how it is called.
PRS-ORG
exactly
the lower button does not work
for more than 3 weeks now
OK.
No
Hello I am NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I'm doing pretty well:) I have only one problem with my PRS-ORG.
And in fact I can't buy a PRS-ORG because the error message is "At the cash register of the PRS-ORG a problem has occurred.
Please try again later."
is coming.
Exactly, that's right.
I try to buy points on a PC or in PRS-ORG.
I tried that too.
However, that also doesn't work.
It comes the message that I have to deserve it to get access to the transfer market.
But a few months ago, I could buy PRS-ORG without any problems without an error message.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, and of course I hope you too.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I had nothing to do with it. I have a TRADING list with players whom I sell more expensive and there, the players go for more expensive and today I received a ban.
But if I go to my ban history, no mail is listed there.
There is no history there and I have not received any mail as to why I have been banned.
This news has really shocked me, because I'm really having fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly, I can't use anymore
No problem, that would be very nice, because I also drew NAME-M recently and was able to improve my team through him.
And now I'm blocked, which is very stupid, because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very sweet.
I have to get back to work now. Is that possible somehow that I can reach you again?
I'll let the customer's chat open for a moment.
My cartridge machine is defective.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, such as “How can I change my e-mail address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, it seems that an error has occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I'll put you through to one of our support staff, who will take care of your issue.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'll see
I'm now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
The chip reader works.
However, when it says to put the card in, the card is not read.
The problem with the PRS-ORG device has been going on for about a month now.
I have several customers who pay by card.
So the problem was with multiple maps
Unfortunately not at the moment.
I'm not in the store.
Gladly.
Thank you!
can you contact you by phone?
No thanks.
They have helped me a lot.
Wish you a good working day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since today, I have a problem in a game.
Since today there is the problem in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera is shifted so that it is impossible to play.
no changes have been made.
The day before everything ran without problems.
I can play this game.
but since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
the camera moves for no reason while playing
No, I don't get an error.
During normal gameplay it suddenly happens.
Ok, sounds great.
Thanks for the help.
Unfortunately, it is not playable with this bug.
Have a nice evening.
No, thank you.
Thank you very much for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Yes I'm fine
I hope to them too.
I can't get into pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
with me it always says, data is being loaded for the clubs.
How can I search again?
check
because there are only associations.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello here is NAME-M
Unfortunately, I could not find a way to send tips to the developers.
That is why I am writing here, because the current situation in the game is unacceptable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG are the current cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good proposal for a solution.
Who can I send it to?
I'm very much looking forward to that.
Thanks in advance.
Thank you so much.
And have a nice day too.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll check.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
As an access to our account we have the following email address: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, as we have terminated the subscriptions.
That is why we need to change the mail address as the access to PRS-ORG.
Can we do it ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
The payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have already done that, and we hope we got it right.
Can you check that out?
All clear, NAME-M.
Thanks for your help and a lovely day.
Kind regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes I have had a great day today, I hope you have as well.
I was about to launch my PRS-ORG when an error message popped up stating that the game couldn't be launched.
Initialization error occurred while starting up.
If I press to play I get the error message: Cannot be started.
{ DEVICEID:DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID } initialization error
I have also already repaired the play area 2x
I just found out that it had to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disruption.
Thanks for the help anyway.
Stay healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I played draft, individual players and in the 2nd.
There was an error message and he was kicked out of the game. I'm back in now and my draft is over after the game.
Ok and what should I do now, because it says to redeem the reward after a game?
The second time.
The first time was the first draft, that is where it happened, apparently because of the player NAME-M
Yes there was.
Then something about a system error appeared and I just got kicked out of PRS-ORG.
I immediately reported the issue and clicked on it
Should I redeem the reward and will I then still get my draft token?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order.
Yesterday I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG for €17.49 via the PRS-ORG store. However, I still haven't received them.
What is the reason for that?
Yes, you may
Do they need something from me
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done so
I also tried to check in the web app if the points had already arrived but without success.
And where do I send it to?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I want to connect my PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
If I sign up, I should confirm over my former number (ends in 277) and not over my new number.
In my PRS-ORG account my new number.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to log in to PRS-ORG to use the various bonuses.
Yes
As I said, I can't log in to PRS-ORG; I am supposed to verify with my old mobile number, which is no longer in the account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to sign up for PRS-ORG and then confirm via my old mobile phone number from PRS-ORG
The problem does not lie with PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in the settings of my account my old mobile number is apparently still present &gt; via this I should verify myself.
My email address is EMAIL
I have already entered my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
I was even able to verify my new number when signing up with PRS-ORG.
Only when signing up for other pages, but I'll give it a try.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can I know your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and I used that to get a draft token.
When I tried to start the game, the picture hung and nothing worked.
So that I had to restart the game.
After that, I noticed that my points and tokens were gone.
This isn't the first time this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing wrong with the connection, my connection was fine.
But that also happens occasionally in the middle of
It seems that I get logged off the servers even though the Internet is working.
Yes my email is EMAIL
all is well, I have time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I reported the case on Tuesday at 9:00 am regarding my hacked account with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long will the processing take approximately?
I would find it extremely important to get my coins back.
I'm fine, and how about them?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is spelled correctly, I'm not sure right now
I am glad that they are having such a nice day!
Ok, all clear, thank you, I'm looking forward to a prompt processing.
Hello, I'm NAME-M.
Thanks, how about you?
My problem is:
Since approx.
in one month I can't start an online game in PRS-ORG anymore despite PS+.
I've probably tried it hundreds of times, but every time I start a game, I get the message "Connection to the opponent lost" and get kicked out.
I have already contacted the PRS-ORG customer service, however, the proposed solutions remained unsuccessful.
Now I wanted to ask if you have any other ideas to solve my problem...
Okay, thanks, of course that's okay!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry for not having written for a while.
Thank you for the problem-solving steps initiated.
That sounds really good!
Should I try it right now if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I'm trying PRS-ORG.
No, this is all.
Thank you so much and have a nice weekend.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I was already with PRS-ORG, but they could not help me..
I preordered PRS-ORG and bought PRS-ORG as well in order to be able to get the game for 10 hours.
I already restarted the machine several times, cleared the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled PRS-ORG and re-downloaded it.
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for help and I have now come to the point where I would really like my PRS-ORG subscription to be refunded.
I am sure however that it should work at some point.
Please check it again for now.
What do they want to tell me with that?
Yeah, sure, I'd love to.
or you refund me the 4 euros back and I wait until the 27th.th
I don't have the time to waste here.
Yes well, if I can't play this game even though I paid extra money for it, that would be very nice of you.
if the problem can not be solved by 2 people from the support
Yes, please refund my money if nothing happens.
Okay, thank you.
Everything is clear, the email was received, thank you.
yes, thank you
Wasted 3 hours, thank you.
in the end, everything is okay.
No, I don't like it.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I get such sick opponents with mbappe Zidane and slles?
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents at my level already.
And why do I have such a crazy momentum in my soeil?
Digga, I'm 2 meters in front of the gate and hit the post.
Now the game is still running
Give me my money back, I also break the CD in the video.
I have played PRS-ORG ever since I can wipe my own bum, but what's the point?
My account was hacked, a few players were sold by me and one was bought at a high price and sold for the repulsive price.
The players that were out of my team were allan in position ZM once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M
I changed my passwords right afterwards.
But the players I'd love to have back already.
And I have now changed it
I am unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I feel quite okay after a long working day.
I hope that you are also doing well.
I have the following problem: I finished today's target in PRS-ORG, the target Winter Wildcards daily sign-ups.
The last intermediate target was completed by SBC this evening after 7:00 pm on the app via mobile phone.
After that I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's login, as well as the reward for the total goal, the Winter Wildcards Player Pack.
However, it is shown there that the PRS-ORG has been cancelled.
I then checked in the store.
However, I did not receive BOTH packs.
What can you do now to verify this?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Okay thank you very much for the information!
Then I will wait for a little while.
Thank you for the information, and have a nice evening
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
Return the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can assist you the best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Status of return},
NAME-M_TEXT:It's all right.
I will forward you to one of our support staff, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
A moment please, I'm looking it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
Hello,
I would like to send my 3G device back.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much.
No that's all :) thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M and I just fell out of a chat.
PHONENUMBER
Hello,
Okay, thank you.
Can you check out what was going on with the number?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you and your colleague very much!
Thank you and good evening to both of you!
No, thanks!
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I already asked on Thursday and got the number here PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I'm in the right place here
I am NAME-M
I would just like to know why I am no longer getting the pre-order packs, I received them on the PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the x-factor version.
And switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago, but you don't get these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What do you want to know?
I just got this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account with the PRS-ORG 5 as I had with the 4th generation.
And when will this happen?
I can not play with the PRS-ORG version anymore.
I hope this somehow works and at some point, because it was for this that 100,00€ was a lot of money.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like me to tell you your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I cannot pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
It worked for my friends, but for me this problem has occurred, that it doesn't work.
since you can preorder PRS-ORG
So for a while now
And when you order it before the game, you get a discount of 10%.
Okay, then I'll try it this way
with email settings?
Ok, I have activated it.
do you know how long this can take
No, that would be all.
Thanks for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask from what point PRS-ORG can be downloaded for the Play?
Maybe it can go already on Wednesday at 00:00?
Yes, I have. I even pre-ordered the 99 Euro version.
But is there a way to know because I would let the download run over night.
I took extra leave for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game "PRS-ORG Mittelalter und Piraten" on PRS-ORG a couple of days ago.
The middle ages installation worked smoothly but the pirates did not go away.
I waited a few days and now I wanted to play but I can't open the game.
and I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you!
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager piraten download is completed
when I go into my game store it is standing PRS-ORG play medieval and "new expansion ready to install"
then I click on pirates to download but it does not work.
I will now try their link and report back if it doesn't work.
thank you very much for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can I know your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts that are actually under the same email address.
One for the PRS-ORG at the time and one for the PRS-ORG.
The normal registration via email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is all right, but my PS account is not attached to this.
Then I registered via PRS-ORG with the same e-mail and my account is linked with that of my ex-boyfriend, how the hell does that work?
We never connected it back then.
I'd like to unlink from his account and add it to my account.
If I input my registration details, will I get onto your account?!
If I enter MY registration data, I get to HIS* account
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I will have to write to PRS-ORG again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
And so, I have that problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but did not get the 4600 points.
But I have that problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but I did not receive the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th of the month, that's why I wonder why they are not here.
I can already get into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22.
I do have preliminary access.
Most of them have also already received their points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I have completed a PRS-ORG mode in PRS-ORG, unfortunately I have not received the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both partial tasks, unfortunately I have not received the icon pack.
Exactly.
How do I get my reward now?
About 20-30 min
And after 24 hours I should get my package?
I will do it, but I didn't receive the package
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, my game is not starting again... I've been here today
EMAIL
I'm a little frustrated.
yes it's about PRS-ORG
The game does not start.
no the game does not start, one time I was able to start the game
No, not at all. When I press "Games" the PRS-ORG is briefly minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing happens
I already have this.
Aha, it works again, thank you!
