Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion before I could answer
OK
I just told you that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier.
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is as follows:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
So you're affiliated with them
that's why you are the most suited to manage this refund
Yes, but since you are affiliated
you can handle this for me
Yes.
I will check with them and get back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
my problem is that my account
fut is linked to my PRS-ORG account
whereas I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account in order to attack PRS-ORG on my PC
yes that's it
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes or get back my team PRS-ORG companion
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello
I just started a match for champions, and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you an image
you are the
nn
I am in the "Fut Champions" match, but the game is stuck on the opponent's team.
EMAIL
for your information, I am still in the game with the other team, and I don't want to leave the game in case I lose it
but if I leave the game will I not lose?
I didn't lose the match, have a nice day
thanks for your help
Hello,
For two days now, whenever I try to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: the confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone in general.
Then I sync to the reader.
Except for audiobooks, which I listen to on the phone
The devil!
What is it?
Good.
You will think me very silly, but until yesterday everything worked.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to find this VPN?
I will try to do what you advise me.
If this does not work, I will come back to you.
Good evening.
Best regards,
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
I had to recover an account this morning with one of your colleagues
I reset my mail, everything is ok, everything works
However, I have just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
and I have to report it to a counselor apparently
As I am very afraid of not being able to access my account again, I'm a little bit panicking
yes I'm just wondering why they're asking me this since I already had one to reset the email and now everything works
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid we'll start again with a mail reset when I don't need it
So, thank you very much, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello, all of you, I had a problem with my account, my game code was already used, but I found the correct account, the problem is that I want to install it by downloading it, and not with the CD, because I don't have a lot of internet and a bad connection, so it's a hassle
how do I do to make it install from the CD
because of this, I have 1 day of download left
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
It can be downloaded directly
without me entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I opened my account and half the CD, it wanted to download it
or he said he wants to download it to install it
yes, it takes me 1 day of downloading because of bad connection
I want to install it from a CD and not from the download.
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By telephone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello!
I would like to receive your emails in French and not in German.
is it possible?
besides, I have received emails saying that my account had been verified, but 3 months after..
Yes
I do have the French language on my dashboard.
but I get all the communications in German
yes
great, thanks
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information?
I tried to go back to remember the price, but it was impossible to find that information again.
Currently no, I'm on the support page.
(everything is in Italian, that doesn't help haha)
Ok, very well, I'll place a new order!
That will be all for me!
Thank you for your help and I wish you a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we uploaded all documents
thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration and it no longer works
yes, I need to download it again
I just did it
I replied to the email
Please do it quickly.
it's a big loss for us..!
for you too..
ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
hello
I applied for a change of IBAN and I would like to know when this application will take effect.
this is a business account for a company
yes I'm always here
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand
how should I proceed then?
I sent an email on Friday to EMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I did not make
You have just paid 21,00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
The auto-rejects for PRS-ORG **** have been disabled.
You can reactivate them for your next purchase from a PRS-ORG retailer.
Nn
I do not remember
My nephew had the phone, was that maybe a payment for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The type of connection "Mobile data 3G" has been activated, but even when we move around the office, the connection does not get established.
Moreover, the battery level changes from second to second, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like a new terminal.
Could you please do what needs to be done?
I thank you for your cooperation and send you my best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be billed?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your effective and good cooperation
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by e-mail at EMAIL or by phone at PHONENUMBER.
With thanks and best regards.
No, it's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
yes
I have a problem with the transfer limits
I have to send €158,100 to my notary
for the acquisition of a plot of forest
I just learned about the ceiling levels
for the moment I have €59,975 in the account that I would like to transfer as quickly as possible to the notary's office
I am referring to the limit for the pro account transfer
moreover, I am waiting for 100,000 € on the account I was supposed to receive
These days
and I would have to make a second transfer of 98,125€
I can send you the deed of trust to prove all of this.
I tried to withdraw €59,975 yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because you guys can't code a game
I threw a draft in the 1st round at 0 minutes of play, the opponent bluffed and I took the loose
My first name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes, in the meantime, aji even redid a draft to see if it was me who was wrong
hey?
But is that a joke??
well you're useless, in fact; you're just incapable, like every other time that I have to deal with you
it's always the same thing, do it well, fuck me, I can't do anything for you
so I have to stay 1h of game and maybe I would have a draft token??
so in addition to making me get fucked I'm not allowed to play the game for 1 hour?
you're geniuses, keep going in that direction and you'll be on the right track
yeah like always there is nothing to do well thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?
’.
Also, in order to avoid confusion, please ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has still not arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Okay.
Unfortunately, I can't access your payment frequency.
You can, however, consult it from the settings of your account: URL.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Okay, thank you
So, is that for today or tomorrow?
Yes
Okay, I'll wait then.
All is good, good luck
I would need a sign for my lounges
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I did not quite understand.
Could you please reformulate your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
sign indicating the PRS-ORG
I want to talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help if you have questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I’m sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello, I would like to know if it was possible to receive a small label with the words "I have an PRS-ORG"
and my customers can pay by credit card
no
it's not his
when I am at the market, I had a small sign indicating that you can pay by credit card
but they stole it from me at the last fair
I was wondering if you could send me one
a display
Please
if possible 3 that can sit on my stand
not those who stick together
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no, it's nice, thank you, have a nice day
Hello the payment link does not work
So, what can I do for you today?
In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and to the point, for example “How do I change my email address?”
”.
Remote cash collection
I'm sorry about that.
Could you clarify what kind of transaction this is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote cashing,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can arise for different reasons.
In order to find out which one applies to your situation, I will connect you with a human colleague.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link does not work, it asks me for the terminal every time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link but it didn’t work, so I made a 300€ QR code
I don't understand why the links are not working
Could you tell me the reason I have no answer
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake.
Thank you very much for your response and your responsiveness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I'm contacting you because PRS-ORG has taken away 950,000 credits from me on PRS-ORG ultimate team
For reasons that I do not know because the credits I had were earned thanks to players I had in the packs, I sent the photos
And by doing the resale.
I would like to get my credits back, it is a huge amount of money!
I dispute the sanction!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
Email: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I never did anything illegal!
And everything else I earned for myself.
And PRS-ORG took it all away from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, there is nothing displayed
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never broken PRS-ORG's rules
Yes, thank you, because it's a huge amount of money!
Thank you
So I don't do anything anymore?
I'm just waiting for an email response?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I provided photo evidence before starting this file with you
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M
Thanks, so here I have encountered a problem for the 2nd time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
I paid 300 PRS-ORG points (so money) so I decided to start a game
and as soon as I log out I get disconnected
surely cheaters
but it's the 2nd time since I started drafting
and I'm getting fed up with being scammed like this
I would like a refund of points
ok, thank you.
no problem
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you can't fix this problem
then you're gonna reimburse me
I paid
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
it's not normal to do that, your game's players lose money because of cheaters
and you are not refunding?
find a way to reimburse me
I wouldn't leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
hello,
I have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do i have to pay an additional yearly subscription when it's already valid on playsation?
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
So in short the problem is PRS-ORG
Is the PRS-ORG subscription multi-device?
if i have a subscription through playstation, does it have to be valid on PRS-ORG?
or not?
no, you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but more valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log into my PRS-ORG online account, the password reset doesn't work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, it tells me that there is already an account with this ID.
However, I can download books normally using my eReader.
Could you help me?
Best regards,
EMAIL
No, since I can no longer access my account, but I just found two invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my e-reader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it works; my last two paid purchases date back to February 16, 2020, and the amounts are the same as on my statement.
It's good, I just logged in under Edge and under PRS-ORG and added your home page to favorites.
Problem solved, thank you for your help and have a good Sunday.
thank you, just a proposed purchase: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but in the new paperback edition, which is less expensive than the large format edition that came out in 2018.
That's good for me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I can't play PRS-ORG games
unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas hello and thank you for your help
I've already been kicked out of PRS-ORG once before. Today, I tried again and it's the same thing
it was tried on two consoles, the PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one s, with no result
yes
we also tried to reset the console to factory mode, but it was no use
Unable to update, error code 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
When I go to manage the game on update, there are no updates available
Yes, this has been happening for 4 days with this error code
there is a problem with the update when we try to put the game back on the console, it crashes
ok, thanks
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,By phone}
Through chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold on a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to assist you with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I asked via email for a "deleted employee" email address so that I could use it on another account.
Your colleague replied to me that it was not possible, while it had been done for another address the day before.
I received no reply to my 2nd message.
So I should hear back quickly?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Great to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert i can't make an online payment
transaction failed
Your upload request failed or was canceled.
it is really urgent, if possible, to solve the problem today, thank you
No, thanks
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
as usual every month even though I got my twitch prime pack back
I didn't receive it in game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the address EMAIL
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS premium account, I get the feeling that there is always this issue of two distinct email addresses
Well yes, I asked to recover it, and it said "recovery successful".
so the problem is yours and not mine
and in the previous months, the person I had via chat generated the pack for me
so I think there is a problem with competence
I didn't log in to the console
only in the app
Ok, thanks
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Through chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 11:00 PM all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID and my registry extract yesterday at around 5pm
My trade register extract
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
They need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents as a direct request in my profile.
Yes.
Okay, I'll call you back at 9:00 if it's still not working.
Are there any other settings that need adjusting?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if we could buy the Sum Up 3G without the printer
because the price is very high
I want a second pro account
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
and?
there is nothing
Hello, my latest book "ces biens essentiels" is malformed.
It becomes illegible towards the end: characters on top of each other and accents displaced.
It is too bothersome, I would like a refund, thank you.
I'm continuing this chat, which started too late on Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"these essential goods" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is deformed or if the problem is only with my eReader...
I can take photos but not right away.
For me it's on page 294 but this is variable depending on the font size.
In any case, it's around 75%
Willingly because there I am not available for more
That suits me perfectly, thanks
Thank you, have a good end of service
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
speak to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to assist you with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
Hello NAME-F, a customer paid by link and I don't see his payment
URL
but still owing money on his account
yesterday
it is written as accepted on my transactions...sent on my links..but not paid
ah ok thanks, how come it wasn't immediate like it usually is with payments by link
in principle, as soon as the payment is made, I receive a notification of the transfer
things have changed?
reconnect to the site and not the app?
ok thank you...
good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello
Last night I launched a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my online draft team
At the launch of the 1st match the change never happened
After 30 minutes of waiting, I turned off the console and turned it back on
The game tells me I left the game, so I lost my token and now I have a handicap on future games for quitting
Can you fix this?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thanks for this feedback, I tried it last night.
But the app tells me that I am not eligible
That is quite scandalous, I must say.
I spent 2 h on the game for this.
Yes
Thank you.
I will be waiting to hear from you very soon
platforms
I didn't make any purchases and I don't have any audio books.
I bought my eReader in September.
yes, thank you
Since yesterday, I've been trying to add books from my Adobe to my reader.
but this one keeps telling me I am not allowed.
I removed all my permissions and then reset them, but nothing changed.
i followed all the steps i found on your site but it does not give anything.
The error message that appears on my eReader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
after authorizing your reader previously, you must reimport it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is allowed everywhere on my computer and on the reader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I have my e-Reader since September.
in December, I contacted you about the same case.
that makes it twice that I have had this problem in a year.
I love my eReader, but when it causes me problems like this, I don't feel like recommending it to people around me.
If I follow your steps, I will lose my connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I have to disable my permissions and uninstall adobe.
I'll restart my computer and re-download adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello,
I can no longer log in to my fut account
It said that too many clubs have been created
While I already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account, it says account fut creation limit reached
While this morning I was able to play with this account
Sorry, my name is NAME-M
You can help me please
Thank you
No problem
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
YES, THANKS
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO CONNECT TO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
ON MY IPHONE IT SAYS THERE IS A SERVER ERROR
ON THE PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO CONNECT TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL HER?
OK C IT'S NOT SERIOUS BUT CAN YOU HELP ME TO SOLVE MY PROBLEM
OK THANK YOU, IF THE PROBLEM IS DUE TO MAINTENANCE I AM RELIEVED AND I WILL WAIT
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
a file is already open
PHONENUMBER
I would like to have the content that was stolen from me returned
or compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, I put 400€ of PRS-ORG points a year, in addition to buying the game
and I'm told on the phone that I can't get anything back
An inquiry has already been opened PHONENUMBER
I would like to retrieve the pirated content this morning or receive compensation in PRS-ORG points.
I've been playing for 10 years, I spend €400 on PRS-ORG points every year, in addition to buying the game... and they tell me on the phone that I won't be able to get anything back
How do I do that?
EMAIL
I have already done the manipulations you are going to ask me
give you the code, change the mdp etc
I just want to play this weekend with my team so we can be champions
and I can't do anything anymore
I put money into the game every year, I've paid salaries for 10 years, and this is the only time I've asked you for something positive
I was hacked between 9am and 11:30am today
can you "erase" his visit and reset everything as this morning?
At 8am I still had my whole club
Please save me the trouble
Agent
Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and much more.
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry about it.
A human will be able to provide information on the status of your account.
I was issued a 1019 transfer, I feel like my bank rejected it, I would like to know if it came back into your system
Okay
Okay, thanks, that's great.
So I remain in expectation, that's right
Thank you very much
I'm waiting
No thanks
I will wait until the afternoon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi, I'm NAME-N. Can I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, have a nice day, and I hope the same for you ;)
I don't know if you can read my file but my question is in there
otherwise I can repeat it
Excuse me?
Your sentence is cut
I just wanted to know that in the league there are a lot of haircuts, whereas in the pro club there are not many
Is that normal?
And Why?
Otherwise, do you plan to release them later on
No, that's good, thank you
Don't worry!
have a nice day
I will come back to you if it is not done afterwards
Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system to connect to my account
I'm not receiving the email with the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On the PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically, so no problem, but this is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on android
Same thing when I try to log in to my internet browser
924311
This email passes without any issues
Perfect, it looks like it worked
A big thank you, I hope I won't have to worry about it in the future
NAME-M_TEXT:I see that you are having difficulty with payment because of your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, b
I'm contacting you for something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
Yes.
I am really stuck with my clients regarding the payments
I sent my PRS-ORG
Yes.
the delay please
waiting time
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer, but I can't play
he told me that too many computers
mercui
Thank you
Really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have a problem
I don't understand??
I have it in my PRS-ORG account
de PRS-ORG normal licence
and in addition to a PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licences
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
Hello, I am receiving emails asking me for more information or to provide them, thank you
plus I have sent all of them by email, otherwise
of course, this is a copy and paste of the message I received
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our Terms of Use (URL), a single PRS-ORG profile can only be used for a single activity.
Please confirm the activity that your profile will be used for and provide proof of this (invoice, facebook link, etc.).
If you wish to use your PRS-ORG terminal for another business activity, you must create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Kind Regards,
Peter
PRS-ORG enrolment service
I go to the fair and walk, I'm also from Blois, these are the products I post on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
I sent them all by email as I received??
Yes 'I sent kbis plus link facebook
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I am unable to preload PRS-ORG, they told me that normally everything should be solved quickly.. but it is not the case, I preordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means that I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
I would therefore like to cancel this preorder and be able to preorder the game again, hoping that this time it will work
Thank you for answering my request :)
Of course
My email address is EMAIL
My idea is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I now reorder it?
or do I have a deadline?
alright, thanks :)
I recommend it to everyone now
Thank you very much for your skills:D
Perfect, thank you, the preloading is working well!
everything works perfectly!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I have latency in games while I should qualify for fgs
it's unbearable
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
everything is fine
and the players are heavy, when I pass the ball it arrives 5 seconds later, it's really impossible
Sir, it's no use
I'm cabling
I have a perfect connection
it's been 5 days, everything's working fine
and I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My terminal is not working
It says "transaction refused"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have uploaded the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events
Very well, I will transmit the documents quickly
subscriptions
Hello I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
Sometimes I see that a payment has been made
I bought a forbidden tale, Little Red Riding Hood
I would like to be reimbursed for the loss incurred.
11.49
Yes.
A PRS-ORG payment of more than 9.99 was charged to my credit card
But I am unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I have successfully unsubscribed?
Will I be reimbursed for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human being.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to take care of this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and more!
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business.
When I click on the link, it says shop closed
Thanks, I succeeded.
Have a nice day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I am french and I created a Belgian sum up
I don't receive the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I have to delete once the Belgian account is active
can you please do what is necessary
06 68 11 75 30, that's my personal phone number
with whom I want to receive the code
Hello, I am contacting you to express my displeasure.
I have been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, I have always liked this game.
PRS-ORG mode is the mode that has kept me on my toes since PRS-ORG 12.
It is clear to me that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year, as time goes by.
The PRS-ORG champions mode is the one that made me want to keep playing, but now it is very difficult to get into... last week rank 3 had a match with rank 2, and this week there is no way I can qualify.
I hope a very soon update for the change in the qualification to PRS-ORG Champions, otherwise I think I will no longer touch the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello, not too much with my qualification PRS-ORG champions compromise, and it's impossible for me to get 1500 points again plus the 9 qualifying games before this weekend
How?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope it will change.
I like ultimate team mode, I like playing in PRS-ORG champions.
I have the impression that, in order to access it and receive good rewards, you need to be a very good player or have a very big team.
Hoping that this changes very quickly, see you soon, otherwise goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I am not the only one so that it moves quickly.
Not at all, thank you.
Have a nice day, keep your spirits up and I hope for a very quick update
phone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?
’.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can register only one telephone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment please...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I am asked to complete my profile with a telephone number but I can't change the number of the telephone
so it's a dom number
PHONENUMBER
so that must be DOING PHONENUMBER
yes, no worries
yes, but the code never arrives
I'm asked for the verification code
but this one was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want it
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I can't change my number
so far I haven't received any verification code
PHONENUMBER
I am told that in order to start receiving them
I need to check my phone number
I just started using your service and there are already problems
HELLO, HOW DO I ACTIVATE ALPHANUMERICID ON MY PHONE
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help if your questions are short and to the point, for example, “How do I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since modifying a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant abilities, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
The current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
Please
Great, thank you very much.
No, thank you, have a good day
I would like to speak with an agent
I'd like to speak to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT: Happy to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Mrs NAME-F; I hope you are doing well..
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay, thanks.
No, that's fine.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player, I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points are not displayed on my ultimate team account
The thing is, I recently changed the email address on my account, and added a more recent email address: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is as follows.
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points will go to the wrong account.
CD keys a website.
The code worked well since when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store it worked
Will the PRS-ORG points be on another account, it is possible?
I have only one PRS-ORG account
I correctly entered the 25-digit code that was validated on the PRS-ORG.
Store from my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I start utimate team the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL but the email for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just updated it
Are the PRS-ORG points active on the wrong account?
How can I do that?
Do I need to come back to you with a work of purchase?
Can't check which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are on?
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, I'm trying to connect my shop to my domain name.
The lights are green but the status is still "not connected"
You don't understand
My store is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I am still not logged in.
Is it taking a while?
Yes?
Okay, noted.
Thank you
I'll wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in on PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email it doesn't work, so I created the account but I can't put it on the game
I'm NAME-F, I'm sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, I found it for a moment, it was my old email
but by marking my old one it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
my PSN email address is the same as the one with EMAIL
it does not work
so in fact they are blocking us from playing
I don't think it happens to me, but I would surely have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game
having games and not using them is super
I'm not going to create a new PSN just to play it, and neither are you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... even though I've made many purchases
How can I get points...and what are they used for?
I bought a lot of games and kits for the PRS-ORG..
and yet, in the time, I never received any points..
I never received any points...and I never bought any..
what are they used for?
I thought that points could be earned when buying from your site..
The PRS-ORG Points
Thank you and Merry Christmas to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?
”.
Talk to an advisor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
I want to talk to an advisor by phone, but I can't do it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I have them.
I'm tired of calling you every day to verify my account.
I cancel its opening, I retract myself and open an account elsewhere
Yes.
I want to close the account.
you are speaking to the future, it is now that I wish to close the account, not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also settled a high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A Country Affair
delivery
I logged out and logged back in but it's still not working
Impossible to read it
Book bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the 1st page.
I am obliged to relaunch PRS-ORG to access my home page
Yes, that's the one
That is good.
Thank you
Great!
Have a great day
when was my professional account opened?
talk to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with any questions you have about your payment terminal, your payments, and much more!
NAME-NTEXT: For the more complicated ones, I can put you in contact with a human being.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am NAME-F, I did not understand very well.
Could you please rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
I would like to know the date my business account was opened for my tax declaration?
where can I find the exact date?
no, I opened the pro account afterwards
where do I find this info?
yes
this is for my tax return, I need this info!
Thank you
Hello sir
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
my password is not working anymore
This is the 2nd in two weeks
and I can't reset my password because I never receive your email...
and that I am forced to contact you via chat or phone to solve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again, please?
124876
We'll say that I'm a regular now, hahaha
I was able to change my password successfully
and I can log into PRS-ORG
thank you
thanks again and good bye (I hope your servers will be able to remember my login details)
Have a nice day!
authentication of my mobile phone is impossible
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-M, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents, but this goes beyond the scope of a virtual assistant.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
I can't complete the strong authentication of my current phone
I get the SMS
But the app doesn't take into account the manipulation
no errors
when I'm in the strong authentication menu
I can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Thank you also
Can I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently being conducted on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked yesterday
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I mainly play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying
Perfect, you don't have a deadline to give me?
Because, well, it's complicated when you have nothing left at your club
Very well, thank you
No thanks
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I want to change my address
I was wrong about the content
not the home address
I was wrong
I am living for free with my boyfriend
how can I do
otherwise I have bills for my mobile
or insurance
yes, I'm looking
I do not need to receive the PRS-ORG card
until I change the address please
agreed
I'll send you the documents soon.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and to the point, such as “How do I change my email address?”
”.
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
hello I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can register only one telephone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I no longer have access to this number
PHONENUMBER
yes it does and record how long after
because I can't make the payment on my account
thank you very much
no, thank you, you're welcome for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Your game is starting to make me swell up!
The same problem as the last futchamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys quit so it counts as a defeat even if it is the guy who leaves
and so I don't get my reward, 4 draft victories
and I'm losing my 15000 credits
Even though you didn't do anything to my last Futchamp, I lost 2 ranks because of it
Do not hesitate
EMAIL
You are going to say that you are going to bring this information to light and you are going to do nothing?
So?
No, it was him who left
I'm on a PC not a console, I have 600 M fiber
and I did not get a microcut because I am on PRS-ORG at the same time and it did not cut
It's him who is leaving
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player, the game considers it to be him
This is bullshit
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hi NAME-M it's NAME-M
I'm having trouble with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or on the web.
On the other hand, access works on the game directly
NAME-M
Could you help me please sir?
I'm fine, thank you, and you?
Alor on PRS-ORG it's ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of trying to buy credits on my first account.
So I recreated a PRS-ORG account in order to be able to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time.
Except that access has not been put on this new account
I play with the Lyon team being a Lyonnais in fut mode.
I really like Paqueta, he is very complete for a 81 rating.
I am doing the DCE to have it in POTM at the moment
And you, who is your favourite player?
Very good player, Mbappe indeed, you have good taste.
He is having a very good start to the season, on top of that with PRS-ORG
Thank you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days now and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
Okay, I'll just keep having fun then.
The main thing is to be able to access it on the console.
But the app is very useful for remote management.
Thank you very much, NAME-M at any rate.
I wish you a very nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
Peter
Quite simple I think
I preordered BF 2042 on October 6th, in the gold edition.
And today I got a message when trying to install it saying: "Unfortunately, it seems that a billing problem has occurred with your pre-order"
I will therefore go to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged "processing"
I realise that PayPal has never been debited
So I'm changing my payment method
I just want my game to be unlocked
EMAIL
I can see it, but it says "Pre-order failed"
PRS-ORG
That does not change the problem
I have just done the manipulation
And I keep getting Pre-order failed
So can't you just re-send the order or something?
Because I entered my payment information, and I still don't see the problem being unblocked
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG telling me that I can play
I have restarted PRS-ORG
I think that's enough after the cache deletion
And if I restart it I lose our conversation
Via the chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent you messages on this subject.
I just ordered a 2nd hard drive, but it sends me back to the same account.
How can I do this?
Best regards,
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader for 19 €
Yes, I'm happy to receive it by email.
I haven't received the case yet, but everything should be in order by Wednesday.
So, by receiving it, can I set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning, telling me that my order was on its way.
My email address is: EMAIL.
Thank you.
This morning's email was in French, but usually I get them in Dutch.
Can you change that so that I have all communications in French?
Thank you
No, it doesn't.
At the beginning I received the emails in French, but the last ones, no.
I sent several messages on this subject without success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Good evening, I am coming back because I think I have identified the problem
I "lag" only on PRS-ORG currently and I wanted to see in my account with the server if there is a problem or not
because I have signs that I have packet loss, even though I looked at teamspeak and I haven't had any loss for 50 min
as you can see in this image
URL
Good evening, I have tried everything and this is my last solution to come to you.
:(
URL here's one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no sign of lost packets at the top, but I have quite a few lags
Is this a problem with me or with the game?
Because I'm going crazy
You're going to fix that with a patch, I suppose?
But how long will it be?
Because I can't play at all in these conditions, and not even in a professional club
Thanks to you, I hope it will be okay :)
Good evening and thank you.
Good courage for this week
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry.
Your device seems to be faulty.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO REBOOT FROM ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILED
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold the line while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your enquiry...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUROS TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S TO HAVE RETURNED MY NAME AND MY IBAN, I VALIDATED
AND THE FAILURE OF THE TRANSACTION
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE GAME
LOADING FAILED
I have a slow fiber connection in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello
I find myself bothered, I want to divide my account into 2
j is more hardline
and more access to my other mailbox
the problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or a was changed into vinsvodoo (inverse)
is EMAIL
is either EMAIL
with PRS-ORG jamias no problems every time it's PRS-ORG that bugs
that is to say
I do not have access to this email account, it is registered to Facebook, but it is from more than 15 years ago.
I had spoken once to one of your colleagues, it worked and more
my real address is EMAIL
it annoys me, I knew I should not come back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG, I recovered everything in 1h
as a result, you'll lose money because I won't be buying from you anymore
Hello,
I have a big problem reading books downloaded from the library, a problem that I have recently encountered.
The book is downloaded from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.
I connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.
I always eject my eReader before disconnecting it from the computer, and for a brief moment I can see the cover of the downloaded book on the eReader.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears telling me that my e-Reader is not allowed to open this book, because it would require me to allow it again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-import it.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address and so I have this permission.
What do I have to do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy a book, but I download it from the library.
The latest one is today and it's N.E.O.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
It seems to me.
Anyway, I'm connected to the Wi-Fi and automatic synchronization is enabled.
I don't know when the last sync took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can it affect the authorization?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the permission and release.
I will try again.
For now I have ADE 4.5.11 What I don't understand is why now!
I've been using it for almost 1 year.
What are factory settings?
hello, I did not receive the payment on February 3rd
I'm missing a payment
I have not received my 3 February payment
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and more!
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human being.
So what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
You have chosen to receive payments on the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds collected are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, this is also valid for the weekend.
Caution: If the transaction you are waiting for was made before the card payments were set up, then the funds will be paid into the registered bank account, not onto the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to the payment method and frequency have no effect on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I'm missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Fine, in that case the intervention of a human being seems necessary to me.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thanks
Okay, thank you very much.
Ok, thank you very much
No thanks very much
thanks to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, as you know the Star wars battlefront 2 game is unplayable
no one dies1hp due to a bug or godmode hack
you've known for days
the game is unplayable
hello?
EMAIL
The problems come from you!
Servers
Thousands of players complain and you pretend?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problem?!!
the developers have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is definitely a hack of the servers
thanks for the customers and the customer service
shabby
no respect for the players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please hold while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes.
My terminal is blocked
I am looking for how to send payment request links to customers
I don't have this function in my app
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I am looking for how to send payment links to my customers
But I don't have link payments in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
That would really help me
I'm counting on you, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello,
I have a problem linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
Do you want the email of my PRS-ORG account, is that it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
There was a problem.
An error has occurred, and we have been unable to complete your request.
Try again later.
For PRS-ORG rewards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the last identity card sent is good.
and also how to set up my bank account?
which one is the registered one?
yes, and I sent a NC back without receiving a response
I don't have an IBAN that ends in 0507
Yes.
I can't modify it directly on the app.
and I've just sent back the identity card... it's still rather urgent...
ok.. fine, I'll send you my RIB..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thank you
I would like your help, because I have never been lucky in the PRS-ORG game.
I have been playing there since I was 10 years old and I have never been a big player.
My friend packed Hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N… Just the other day there was NAME-M.
I keep putting money into the game, buying the pre-order to get 4600 PRS-ORG points and I never get any.
I don't know what to do, please help
I'm willing to hear that, but how come my friend has all these players?
It even had an icon in a previewable pack...
Well, too bad if you can't do anything
Thanks anyway
So I will definitely stop playing this game
Thank you, happy holidays
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello,
I received an invoice via SMS and I would like to receive it by email to get reimbursed
transaction identifier ALPHANUMERICID 146,95€
EMAIL
I do not want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice in my inbox.
Thank you
Hello, I've been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase for 2 days. I entered all the information, clicked continue and register, and the visa verification light keeps blinking and there's no response.
I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but I'm still getting the same problem.
What's going on?
Thank you for answering me
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I would like to buy the T2
Yes, but usually, it doesn't get stuck to payment!
Why now?
What should you do then?
right.
Thanks, I'll do it right away
Best regards,
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my blocked account
I want my money in my balance, my account is already closed
okay
ok but I already sent a new bank account where the money will be transferred
yes i am the one
yes I am the one
yesterday i already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I made a mistake with the PRS-ORG account I linked
EMAIL
Yes
it is linked to no account I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I don't want it I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes I can't unlock my account
yes but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my comtpe PRS-ORG, I would like to dissociate
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
thank you
hello
my terminal is blocked, what should I do?
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human being.
What can I do for you, NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered and this block is irreversible.
As I am not able to handle this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who can verify the necessary information and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes.
Could I have a phone number to call, please?
thanks, it will be simpler for me.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant, here to help you.
It will be easier for me to help if your questions are short and to the point, for example “How do I change my email address?”
’.
In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When you see this message on your device's screen, it unfortunately means that it's faulty.
Its security system has been activated and the block is irreversible.
I am not able to process this type of request, so I will put you in contact with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment please...
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry, I have customers
I got an error code bk PHONENUMBER
then i plugged it in and pressed the start button
I pressed hold to boot and then release to boot
he died
i have invalid bk
I'm sorry, I'll contact you again when I have more time because I have a customer appointment.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
this is the several match where the team clash makes me get disconnected and count as a defeat when I win 3 or 4 to 0
this makes me lose my position and therefore make progress for my team
i repeat i get disconnected during team clash matches
I was disconnected and so I lost the match while I was winning this match
it wasn't online
so nothing to do
I'm in a conflict in Equiope, so it's your game that's making me go crazy...
degout
I'm fed up, I'm playing the game and I'm getting screwed... I really get the impression that you don't care about players like me
Not to mention the times when I find myself 8 or 9 hours behind the beginning of the match because of a bug...
Hello
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1" by NAME-M but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual settings for font size are accessible, it is written far too small and the print quality is poor ...
I'm disappointed by this purchase on your platform, which usually offers me well-prepared books!
Therefore, I would like the corresponding 15.99€ to be refunded
Thank you in advance.
Kind regards,
EMAIL
Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
1 of NAME-M purchased yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No thanks, that's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I don't receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can I do?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
the fiancées of the pacific
I will try PRS-ORG
I'm connected on my computer but on my reader...
how do I reset my coffee maker?
I don't receive an email
ok
I just tested and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my eReader does not recognize my account
there was an update last night and I have not been able to access it since
he said to me: connection failed
it seems that URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
outside I'm on the wifi with my computer to which I connected my reader
I clicked again and it is loading...
Yes!!!
it's here, he just needed a little more time!...
Whew, thanks for your help.
ok, i started reading the book i bought yesterday...
good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14th, I still haven't received it…
February 11th, my mistake
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes, on your website
Here is the number of the purchase order PHONENUMBER
Follow-up indicates that since February 14, the package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
Still, I ordered through this profile… I received an invoice at my email address EMAIL
But I have another profile with EMAIL as the email address
But I usually use this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission at 1.49%
It is this one
The one I am writing to you on
Is there a telephone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It will be easier than putting it in writing.
But you should have an order under this number PHONENUMBER
That is the order number that appears on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
It's going well thanks, even though I'm having a technical problem with the game PRS-ORG on PC
In fact, for more than an hour, I have not been able to go on the transfer market to buy a player.
how does it work?
Thanking you in advance and looking forward to your reply.
It seems to me that this is a security block by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I'm not any of them.
This is the one.
when I go on the PRS-ORG transfer market
when I start the search for the player I want
it tells me
"there was a communication problem with the PRS-ORG servers, please try again later."
everything else in the game works except the transfer market or it tells me this message and ejects me from the transfer market
Very good, thank you.
thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor
So glad to see you again, NAME-M!
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
I am sorry NAME-M, I did not understand.
Could you please reformulate your question?
I want to speak to a counsellor
Hello, my name is . Please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I no longer have access to the transfer
Yes, which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I no longer am
Do you understand?
Hello
You are the ace
Yes I am the next one
But I'm not the old number.
What's the email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you.
And I hope you too!
While trying to launch the 24h mission of NAME-M, I realized that the castle of PRS-ORG that unlocked it had disappeared along with all its accessories.
He is no longer in my town or on the inventory…
No, he's on the iPad
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start the 24h mission of NAME-M, which requires the PRS-ORG palace, and that's when I realized that this castle is no longer in my town or in my inventory
It was this Boitingham castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M, but not the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, can I contact you?
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
could you please send me your email address so I can send you the identity document
contacted me by email
your message doesn't show up
leave me a message by email it will be easier for me thanks
EMAIL
