Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
My name is NAME-M
Hello!
I just spoke with one of your colleagues but it didn't help.
2 days ago I tried to subscribe to PRS-ORG pro several times and it told me that it didn't work.
So I decided to give up.
I noticed later that you charged me 5 payments of $1.
I do not want to be subscribed
Can you confirm that I am not subscribed?
My email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm D, may I ask your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Everything is fine.
However, I am here for a refund.
French: credits PRS-ORG
I have made a credit purchase of 59.99€
However, I only got shit content in the packs!
I didn't even get a little bit of heritage fragments while I opened 60 packs!
I'm listening to your questions.
That's right
I really didn't get anything good, I'm disgusted with my purchase
really
Is it not possible to get new packs?
It's not normal to spend 60€ and get nothing good, out of 60 packs I didn't even get one single inheritance fragment
Hello, I made an order for an e-book and I would like to return it and get a refund.
Do I need to send you my receipt?
To which email address?
Thank you for a response from you.
EMAIL
Attack on Titan Colossal Edition
On 08/04/2021
Okay
No thank you very much for your help:)
Sorry to contact you again but there are 2 missing volumes in the refund email, I would like to be refunded the full amount of my order.
Ah sorry for the mistake, nobody is wrong
Thank you very much for your patience my problem is solved
Good day
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello
I received my PRS-ORG
but I can't configure it
I added the Wi-Fi network
and then the PRS-ORG asks me to log in
Yes.
there the PRS-ORG went out
I put it back in charge
it may have run out of battery.
it turns back on I'll try again
is it normal that I have to enter my credentials on the PRS-ORG?
ah yes I see
I thought I could connect it to my phone to retrieve the config
ok thank you
I have an Error message: PRS-ORG
but I have the impression that it's still okay
I'm going to try a payment
thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. How can I help you?
I would like to be able to make remote payment requests please
The app doesn't offer it to me
Heard thank you.
So there's nothing I can do on my part?
Just wait for it to be put in place by your services?
EMAIL
Hello,
I just checked with your colleague NAME-M to activate remote payment
Do you think that the activation can be done within the day?
Thank you so much, NAME-F!
I wish you an excellent day
No everything is ok thank you a million times
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
There were rewards for starting PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
I would like to know if we have already received them or not, because I don't feel like I have received them.
And if we haven't received them yet, when will we receive them approximately?
Yes, exactly.
Okay, thank you very much!
So it's totally normal that I haven't received them yet, right?
I haven't changed platforms so there's no problem.
Okay perfect!
Thank you so much anyway!
It's all good for me
Have a good day!
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be put in contact with one of our agents?
Hello
I need help
I have questions about the PRS-ORG terminal
we are unable to process payments in PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
only maestro payments work
"I want a real interlocutor
to help me
I can't accept PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG cards
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
human
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, I'm leaving to work in Belgium.
Does my terminal accept international clients?
I don't understand, is it possible for me to accept foreign customers?
Ah, so it's all good then?!!!
that was my last minute worry
I had someone on the phone the other day, but I can't find the number again, can you tell me it?
Yes
thank you, have a nice day, goodbye
NAME-NTEXT:For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
speak to a human
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Good morning, the transactions from Monday were not deposited into the correct bank account, even though we requested it since Thursday, May 4th, can you explain this to us?
3 emails since Thursday 4th May\nFrench: Bonjour, je m'appelle NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
did you receive our NAME-M several days ago?
Sorry, but we have not received any bank details. Could you please send it once again?
we already sent it 2 times...
Is the same email address always being sent back?
EMAIL
I just sent the rib back to l i,NAME-N
EMAIL
talking to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, Galileo!
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I have just sent you the documents necessary for the validation of my account
and I am blocked it says I have to contact you
I am blocked at step 1/4
Yes
I had a damaged identity card issue and it was not received by your service, so I received the new one that I sent to you
I hope that it will go fast enough because it's been a while that I'm waiting ^^
no thank you have a good day
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
I would like to change the phone number.
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
yes that's right
my old number is the PHONENUMBER
the new PHONENUMBER
if you need to add the area code, it's PHONENUMBER
Just my personal phone number
No problem, I have to get back to work.
I may not be able to respond immediately
Perfect
Thank you very much
I haven't received the SMS yet.
is the fact that it is a number from guadeloupe a problem?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M and I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account
The pleasure is shared.
So my problem comes from my PRS-ORG account.
The email address of this account has been deleted by PRS-ORG.
I no longer have access to my mailbox.
I would like to put a new email address, but at the time of the change of address, it asks me to retrieve a code for authentication, a code that goes to the email box that no longer exists...
So the email address linked to my account is: EMAIL
This would be the following: EMAIL
Well thank you very much for your help.
I have changed the password and I was able to reconnect with the new address and password!
Thank you so much!
Thank you to you especially for the patience and time you have given me!
Have a great end of day too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
So here's the thing, for a few days now I've been trying to log in to PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG, unfortunately they ask me to reset my password but I can't find my ID.
None of my current email addresses are associated with an account apparently
I can provide you with my PRS-ORG credentials if needed
Awesome!
My PSN is White_PRS-ORG
Thank you so much
I just hope that the email address associated with it is not that of my ex-girlfriend because I no longer have a way to contact her.
I hope it works 🤞
Mmmh it's strange, I don't think I deleted my account..
I hope that I will be able to recover it one day...
Don't worry.
A human can tell you the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I didn't receive the payment from last week.
that he has a problem I am using no longer your application
I have already sent all the documents of my company.
is my profile I see it was not complete
What?
I don't know how to do it
but I want  who is going to send me the payment to  my company account
I already have the receipt but how do I use it?
hello, impossible to exchange data?
during the connection it is indicated on the box that data exchange is impossible
data exchange impossible
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you, Jacques-Fabien?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand your request.
Could you reformulate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
it has already been done
we also changed the wifi connection
PHONENUMBER
the reader indicates impossible data exchange
I bought it from a retailer
we are at a trade show, we bought it in an emergency, could you help us quickly sp
or by phone please to be faster thank you to the PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
I already had one of your colleagues before
She asked me to connect with my psn account
But the account linked with PRS-ORG is the right one but the one with PRS-ORG is the old one that I can't access
The PSN ID linked with the PRS-ORG Account is ALPHANUMERICID
On the other hand, the PRS-ORG account linked with PRS-ORG
To the following email address: EMAIL
And I no longer have access to that address
I click on connection impossible?
platforms
the only daughter of NAME-M.
but I was already in discussion with dunia
hello again NAME-F.
Sorry, I made a mistake.
No, but with my PRS-ORG account, that's not enough?
No. Do you have the PRS-ORG app installed on your computer?
but what does this problem mean?
Could it prevent the e-reader from working?
but what is the risk of losing books?
because I have almost 600 of them!!
I could do it, but not until tomorrow.
so I download the app and I'll get back to you?
I'm sorry, I have to leave you for tonight.
thank you for your help.
I think I will receive a report of our discussion on EMAIL
I prefer email follow-up if possible.
thank you very much and good evening.
give me your email address to stay in touch with you!
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
I want to speak to a human
Don't worry.
A human can help you with the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I have a serious problem with your service.
is it possible to delete my old trusted phone
I no longer have access to my old phone
the person before you didn't understand anything
I can't do anything.
I am blocked.
please delete my old trusted phone
Yes
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello 👋
my PRS-ORG is not working
Could someone help me please PHONENUMBER
I am in Geneva.
my tablet is connected to the internet
it's marked on the screen
impossible to connect
PRS-ORG cannot work without an internet connection
please check that you are connected and try again
while I am connected to the internet
The number you gave me doesn't work.
PHONENUMBER
100 percent
it's still charging
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello, I'm doing well, thank you.
I bought the ultimate PRS-ORG game on the PRS-ORG and I couldn't download it (beta version) during the open beta weekend.
In fact I don't even see it in my PRS-ORG library.
I contacted PRS-ORG support but they couldn't do anything and told me to contact you.
It is noted as compatible only with the PRS-ORG in my library.
While the title and description of the product clearly state that it is cross-gen (PRS-ORG + PRS-ORG)
I'm not sure I understand.
Here the ultimate edition has 2 versions??
I didn't see that on the store...
I just wanted the version that was compatible with my PRS-ORG pro and the day I buy a PRS-ORG I always wanted to be able to play it without having to buy it a second time
Okay so if I understand correctly I bought the right version (ultimate)
However, I can't see it in my library
Is it because it hasn't been officially released yet?
And that I missed the beta??
Okay, it's working.
However, the ultimate version said that there would be an early access
Is this still planned??
I'm going to read that article.
Thank you
Hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin?
My game is hacked by your script and I would like to know how to stop it
PRS-ORG
No, I don't prefer it, my game is already disturbed enough like that.
I just want to make sure that my game isn't polluted by your in-game script.
That when a player is listed as fast in their stats they are, that your game takes into account commands and doesn't force my players to go in the opposite direction, pass the ball to the opponent or let them pass without reacting
I just want to be able to play this game, at the moment it's impossible.
Except that I don't have access to your forums
Since your moderators don't like it when people say there's a script in play
Well, it's not a big deal
I'll just resell your game and play something else, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Good evening
I just subscribed to PRS-ORG but I made a mistake with the platform.
I would like to use my right of withdrawal.
Thank you
My name is NAME-M
Thanks, that's fine
It is the correct PRS-ORG account but I have selected the PRS-ORG APP platform.
I then took out the subscription but on the PRS-ORG platform.
I have two subscriptions.
I would like to use my cancellation for the PRS-ORG APP one.
Selected*
EMAIL
Yes, I want to withdraw, thank you.
Thank you so much
Everything is good!
Goodbye, thank you.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Printing doesn't work
Yet it is connected via Bluetooth
I don't understand what you're saying.
My printer is not working, but the light on the printer is on and it is connected to Bluetooth
My iPad settings are correct for Bluetooth.
EMAIL
When I log out of the app and want to log back in
He told me that my password is false
Why ,
He told me that the password cannot be changed
There are too many problems with that.
Can you give me a phone number to call the help center
I can too many problems that
I'm losing too much time.
The number is not correct
Too many digits
Hello, I have two PRS-ORG terminals (3G + wifi) that no longer work
The first message on the screen is: device blocked please contact support
The second one doesn't detect Wi-Fi networks
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?”
".
When this message appears on the device screen, it means unfortunately that it is defective.
Its security system has been triggered and this block is irreversible.
As I am not able to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Exactly
Serial number of locked-out reader PHONENUMBER
Serial number of reader with connectivity issues PHONENUMBER
Yes I have the message communication mode , press C to exit
Not to my knowledge
On arriving in the morning, we realized that the device was not working,
Hello, I just bought a PRS-ORG Libra 2 e-reader and anticipated by putting all my books on the PRS-ORG app, yesterday.
I also sorted them by collection.
How do I synchronize my PRS-ORG application with the reader?
or with my URL account, where the files do not appear?
thank you for your help;
EMAIL\nCan I have your email address associated with PRS-ORG and also the title of the most recent books that you purchase?
registered yesterday
downloaded elsewhere
You never replied to my last message, in your opinion did you go all the way with the assistance and were you helpful?
I'll let you answer your own question.
Good day
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
my terminal does not accept payments
my terminal does not accept payment
if we have achieved
If we have reached the limit, how can I access unlimited transactions?
We scanned the QR code and submitted the ID
this morning
what do we need to do to remedy the situation
I don't have any other mails
and when I go to the site, they ask for no other documents than my ID
NAME-M I see
I just saw it.
unknown_issue
Today, October 30, 2021, the ebook is Coup de chaud sur la ville, by NAME-M
I bought an eBook this morning.
My receipt number is the PHONENUMBER.
I have been searching a lot to find how to download my purchase.
When I download it, I get a PRS-ORG.
How do I get my eBook (PDF or epub)?
I don't understand.
A license, okay, but I bought the book.
How am I supposed to read the book then?
On my PRS-ORG Tab tablet.
But I also want to keep it on my computer so that I can read it again later.
I don't like that at all.
I don't want to have any other applications on my tablet.
I really don't see where the problem is.
I read with the PRS-ORG application I bought and I don't want any other.
Okay, thanks for the explanation.
But how to do it practically?
I have an account with PRS-ORG
Thank you for the explanations.
I'm watching all of this and I'll get back to you.
verification opening account
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you NAME-M?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello
A professional account was opened, I was not aware of it.
My last two invoices have been paid from this account.
It is still being verified, how can I check it?
I don't want the pro account but transfer the money on it to my current pro account.
Is it possible?
only on the app?
I don't see "Click Activate."
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello, this is NAME-M
Are you a bot or a real person?
Yes, but it's not concerning PRS-ORG my concern.
My concern is that I have a PRS-ORG subscription on my email address that I linked to my PSN account, however I can't download the PRS-ORG games on the PRS-ORG, they ask me to subscribe to PRS-ORG
I already have a PRS-ORG subscription on my email address that I linked to my PSN account, however I can't download the PRS-ORG games on the PRS-ORG, they ask me to subscribe to PRS-ORG
Yes, that's the one.
I'm trying to download the games on PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG but it doesn't work, they offer me to take another PRS-ORG subscription
on the PRS-ORG store*
while I have already linked my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
on my PRS-ORG
I can't have the prs-org subscription on my prs-org and my pc at the same time?
How do I switch my PRS-ORG subscription from the PC to the PRS-ORG?
can you do it for me?
Via the chat
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be put in contact with one of our agents?
Hello
I spoke with one of your advisors yesterday regarding payments made on April 15.
He had told me that he would be on my account yesterday at the end of the day
But I still haven't received anything
It's about 3 payments of CHF 2000
Yes, thank you.
Thank you very much
No it's perfect thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello, my name is NAME-N, a player on PRS-ORG
I had some questions since the last patch note this week.
I am no longer receiving any bonus points in Predator lobby.
I have been wondering about this since the last patch note this week. I am no longer receiving any bonus points in the Predator lobby. Compared to other friends who are higher ranked (top 10), and who receive bonus points, I would like to ask if other players are experiencing the same difficulties and if you have a solution to remedy this (it is very difficult to earn points with only ranking points).
Yes and it has been like that since the last update.
The point calculation seems to be wrong.
Let's say a game won with maybe 8 kills fighting current predators doesn't even give any kills, which wasn't the case before the last patch.
Several players in my circle are reporting the same malfunctions.
EMAIL
Sure, I'll stay online.
Indeed, I found it strange.
I had to report it because it was hindering my progress in maintaining my rank in the classifieds.
I will make a post on the forum as you advise.
Thank you for your answer and I wish you a good day.
hello, I can't connect my phone to the terminal with bluetooth
Yes, always
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
For troubleshooting instructions for your device, it's here: URL.
Are you still having difficulties with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, still,No, thanks}
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I'm sorry about that.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
PHONENUMBER
Yes
Yes
PRS-ORG + printer
yes, I know that but I would like to connect my phone to the terminal
no I want it in Bluetooth
talk to someone
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
want to talk to someone?
talk to someone
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I made a request by email last week (PHONENUMBER).
I am still waiting for a response to this day.
you say you normally respond in 1 working day, we are far from that
it needs to be done before Friday night
Talk to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you JEAN-CHRISTOPHE?
My printer is broken.
Is it guaranteed?
I am not in front of the device
I'll be in front of it tonight.
Until what time in the evening?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
Hello, I can't connect my sum up device to my phone
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you NAME-M?
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Yes, always
NAME-M_TEXT:You will find the instructions for troubleshooting your device on our Help Centre.
NAME-M_TEXT:Are you still having difficulties with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, still,No, thanks}
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry about that.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
PHONENUMBER
not a problem of connectivity , but I connect to a different number than the one I gave when I opened the account
My current number is PHONENUMBER
could this be the problem
Can I call you?
Can you call me or give me a number to reach you?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I have deposits that are not reaching my account.
they remain in the available funds.
What do I do?
the amount of my cashouts does not arrive in my bank account.
I find them in my account under the heading "available balance"
in my PRS-ORG account
where can I find the PRS-ORG card?
ok so I won't have the money in my bank account until I activate the card?
ok how long to receive it?
Don't worry.
A human can tell you the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
All documents for verification of my account have been sent.
Can you tell me when it will be resolved?
Because I absolutely need my terminal in the morning.
Thank you!
Yes, thank you.
Great, when do you think it will be active?
Because I really need it today as soon as possible
No it's kind.
Let's hope it goes quickly.
Thank you and have a great day
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
I would like to speak to a counsellor.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, how are you?
My situation is that I want to delete this account
And how will I know that it has been deleted?
From which day?
Perfect.
Because I had received an email saying they were going to send me a card and I don't want that.
I understand but how are they going to delete my account, I don't understand why they would send me the card.
Aahh okay
Then I will wait for the email to delete the account.
Thank you so much for helping me
No, thank you.
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
Good morning, madam, sir.
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:I am afraid I did not understand your request.
Please select one of the following options.
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Good morning, I would like to know if it is possible to have a USB cable to recharge my payment terminal in the vehicle!
Today, the only cable received, allows me to charge only at home.
Then, I have two drivers on the vehicle, how can I create multiple profiles so that each driver's transactions are separate?
I use the big one, which I bought for 100 euros I think
PRS-ORG 3G payment terminal and printer
Thank you.
They have to log in at the beginning of each service to introduce their profiles?
Great, and what about the charging cable for the payment terminal?
I have a universal head on one side and an electrical socket on the other
I don't have a USB cable to charge in the car
OK
Why are my payments still pending?
What can I do for you today?
Happy to see you again, NAME-F!
Your account is currently suspended, which means that the funds are temporarily held by our services for security reasons.
This is beyond my virtual assistant's expertise.
I will therefore put you in touch with an agent so that you can discuss the terms of unblocking.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Please, can you unblock my payments, it's quite urgent can you do this for me
I am in a financial predicament and had to sell one of my properties which I wanted to get paid by PRS-ORG
But I didn't know that you were going to put me in trouble too
Please help me by unlocking the payment I am waiting for
Why can't I reach you by phone?
I have made more than 10 calls throughout the day without any response from your services.
Please help me by unblocking the suspension of the payment
Please NAME-F help me by unblocking the situation
My morale has been cut since this morning following this news I don't know what to do anymore
I thought I was doing the right thing, but in the end it's not a good idea to cash out via PRS-ORG
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
Hello
My terminal is blocked, it says device blocked.
I would like to have the number to see the steps to follow
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered and this block is irreversible.
As I am not able to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes
It says communication mode
Press to exit
No, nothing, I haven't used my reader in 2 weeks.
My reader is in a case and I don't use it every day.
My address is the ADDRESS.
Thank you.
Mr. NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
I paid a monthly subscription about an hour ago and I can't start PRS-ORG.
Here is the message: This title may have been downloaded by another user who owns the game.
Sign in to another account or restart the game
I changed my email address.
I don't know if that's what caused the problem
Nobody?
Thank you
EMAIL
Here is the code 509875
How do I change the Library in my folder?
Hello
EMAIL
I just opened my account 10 minutes ago
I entered the wrong library.
I should have entered PRS-ORG, North Quebec, Rouyn-Noranda
can you make the change please
Yes,
what I selected when I opened my PRS-ORG account
I am not able to change it myself
I tried
They say my email address is already there
How did you sign out of your PRS-ORG account on the eReader?
Yes
I'll try again
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
So it's more of a request...
I find that the game does not meet my expectations
I pack a lot...
I put money in...
And I'm not satisfied with the return
A gesture from you could be useful
Many of us think the same thing.
I find it disturbing.
I wanted to tell you anyway even if it doesn't change much
It's all a matter of luck, I see...
Very well thank you in any case for your attention
change my email address
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I modify my email address?
".
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your email address at any time.
Note: you can only have one email address per account, which is used both as your login identifier and as the address to receive PRS-ORG reports.
NAME-M_TEXT:As this is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will put you in touch with an agent.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello yes
In fact, when I registered, I made a mistake in my email address.
So when they contact me I don't see anything
the EMAIL address does not exist for info
You will need to put EMAIL
Okay, but the email address provided does not work
No problem.
No, it will be fine, have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, the transactions are being declined on the payment terminal.
The client is very solvent...why is this not going through?
But that was from our August 2022 event!!
It's March 2023 and our demonstration is tonight!!
I don't understand!
I am very disappointed with your services!
what verification??
we are an association with only a few events per year.
We have put in place your services because we no longer have any argen dispensers
There is no money in our commune and we cannot make any transactions, this is a big loss for our association...
Yes it's me!!
NAME-F born 25/11/1980!
Hello, I just opened an account and I made a mistake with the email address.. .ch instead of PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change d’
You can change your email address at any time.
Note: you can only have one email address.
only one email address per account, which serves both as
login identifier and
address for receiving PRS-ORG reports.
NAME-M_TEXT:As this is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will connect you with an agent.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Thank you.
EMAIL
do I have to leave the account?
thank you I received it, great!
Everything is going well, thank you and I greet you cordially
Hello,
I want to log in to my account using my email address.
However, when I enter my address and password, I am asked to log in with PRS-ORG to merge the accounts.
The problem is that I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG and my account was deleted.
I find myself in a dead end.
Thank you,
NAME-F
EMAIL
Last night
Thank you.
That's strange because I bought one yesterday evening
In the PRS-ORG store on my e-reader
My e-reader was reset accidentally.
What I'm interested in is getting my books back.
I found the problem.
I was using my PRS-ORG account.
Thank you for your help and have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I would like to download the PRS-ORG app on my PC, how do I do that?
how can I cash out via a pc
by adding the articles etc
to invoice items via pc
Yes
I want to bill items
click on different articles
to bill my multiple articles
I am on a PRS-ORG terminal with a printer
but I want to connect it to my pc to invoice different articles
Yes.
on the website I can't invoice a payment
No I want to have the tab to cash like the application but on the pc
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello yes I'm sorry I'm in the middle of an event
all our transactions are being declined
on all our PRS-ORG modules
impossible to know why
we have network and activity location
we also reset all PRS-ORG without any change
I tried to call customer service but I was on hold for over an hour
how can I check it?
I am connected with the EMAIL account
with the same email
The other one we use is EMAIL
do you want me to log in with the other one?
ok I'll log in with the other one
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello
NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Could I have 100% of your attention please because you are the 10th advisor I have spoken to and I don't feel I am being taken seriously
It's very frustrating.
It's on PRS-ORG
I just got the play pass, and I still haven't received my rewards
You have attached the two proof of payment
It's noted on the invoice sir, but I'll tell you right away.
Purchased on June 12 at 00:01
They sent me to you.
How do I do that?
It's been 3 hours since they told me to go to another person.
I would just like to receive my 1000 pieces and go play
We are sorry to hear that you are experiencing a problem with this game.
You will probably find a solution thanks to the information available on the store and the community.
Support for this product is provided by:
Official assistance
Customer service
Product site
Product forums
Editorial team
Electronic Arts
They are referring me back to you, how do I proceed?
And would you have a link by which I could contact a PRS-ORG agent?
because I am unable to find the support
Via the chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, when I registered I was not able to choose a method of payment of the revenues and a PRS-ORG card was sent to me.
since then, I have chosen the option "send directly to my bank account" instead of "send to professional PRS-ORG card" but it doesn't seem to work.
I still haven't received the money paid by my clients...
I see the available balance paid via PRS-ORG but I can't get it back.
Could you please tell me how to proceed?
thank you very much
No, everything is fine with the reader
I just don't know how to transfer the money to my bank account
I did select the correct transfer option but no transfer is taking place
is it not possible for this transfer to happen automatically?
Order a card
So what can I do for you NAME-M?
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
If you haven't received it yet, it's on its way.
The estimated delivery date is {!cardExpectedArrivalDate}.
I see that you have already ordered a PRS-ORG, but you can only have one per activity.
The expected delivery date has been exceeded.
I ordered more than 3 weeks ago
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
{ChatWindowButton:Ok, thanks,The estimated date has passed}
In case of a failed delivery within the indicated time, our services can perform a new shipment if 3 weeks in total (from the order date) have passed.
In case of failed delivery within the indicated time, our services can perform a new shipment if 3 weeks in total (from the order date) have passed.
{ChatWindowButton:It is not yet 3 weeks,I’ll
I ordered more than 3 weeks ago}
I'm sorry you had to wait so long.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I didn't receive a card.
I never received it, has it been activated?
ALPHANUMERICID Thiers les terrasses du vallat bt c 13320 bouc bel air
No thank you, good luck and have a good day
Hello, my name is , please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change the admin email address on my account
What is the procedure to do this?
Indeed, I no longer have access to my email address.
Thank you in advance
Okay, to which email address?
Thank you and I also want to set up the PRS-ORG plugin, where do I go on the site to create the credentials
it's ok thanks I just generated the client codes.
However, my account doesn't seem to be activated for online payments.
What email address should I write to validate my account?
No, everything is ok, thank you and have a nice day
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Follow-up of invoices in debitoor
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: I would love to help you with your verification documents but that is beyond my virtual assistant skills.
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello NAME-N
I had PRS-ORG this morning.
And unsuccessful emails:
In my settings I can see the PRS-ORG pro package that I chose.
I was charged in November
However, on December 3rd I was charged an additional 172.8 euros for 1 year of subscription to debitoor
Not only can I not see debitoor in my settings but PRS-ORG had me migrated in the spring.
And now the invoice service is telling me that it's my fault that I should have unsubscribed.
Not only can I not see debitoor in my settings, but PRS-ORG had migrated me in the spring.
But I have already done it several times
Look for yourself I don't have debitoor
could I speak to a human.thank you
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello.
I subscribed to a bill pro subscription.
The invoices sent do not contain the payment link (even though it was chosen when editing the invoice)
Yes, I am surprised and disappointed by these difficult beginnings.
Great.
I count on you. while waiting for the problem to be resolved, I will send a payment link (at 2.50% instead of 1.25%) to my client.
I can't make her wait.
how does the subscription termination work if I can't use the billing?
I am counting on you
Have a good day.
ebook
Hello, I am unable to switch to my e-reader the books I have purchased, which appear on my PRS-ORG account.
Good morning, I am unable to switch to my e-reader the books I have purchased, which do appear on my PRS-ORG account.
Visitor uploaded: livres-PRS-ORG.png
URL: URL
Type: image/png
Size: 960351
the books appear on my PRS-ORG account (see photo) but I can't put them on my PRS-ORG reader
Yes, it's the same email address.
I have disconnected my reader and am trying to reconnect it.
I am asked to choose a Wi-Fi network.
I did that but then I'm stuck... no other page is coming up...
Ah no, ok, I'm moving forward....
I made it!
Thank you and have a good day!
I sent an email to report a malfunction on my PRS-ORG
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
Yes, always
So what can I do for you gregory ?
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For troubleshooting instructions for your device, it's here: URL.
Are you still having difficulties with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, still,No, thanks}
I'm sorry about that.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Hello, my name is, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I have sent you one with my EMAIL address
to indicate that it works
Please check it.
already  check if you have received the email
because I don't have a device to do it but delivery
you found my email
Yes.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
French: Hello, I had a quote done in 2022.
I can't find it, could you provide me with a new one?
Excuse me, I didn't phrase my question well.
This is not a payment statement but a quote
I am an insertion structure, and I am currently completing an application for a grant for which I need a quote
Yes, but I don't understand your answer
I only have one profile
OK, I'll send an email from my main email address.
No, thank you.
Have a good day
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello my sum up is inactive
I tried to reactivate it after several months of not using it.
It appears inactive, however
I have a message error on the screen
I took a screenshot of my account
I can't send the 2nd photo
It says inactive.
It doesn't turn on
And when I recharged it - on the screen ; error message
Thank you. How do I restart it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Good evening, NAME-F
I am having trouble logging into my PRS-ORG account.
I had created an account with my EMAIL address but I no longer have that address
So I can't log in to my account and I don't know how to do it
The email address was EMAIL
I had my sims games on it
I remember the email address but I have cancelled it for a while
So it's no longer possible for me to reconnect to it to reset the password
Is it possible to reactivate my account with a new address using my phone number or other information?
So I lose all my games?
;(
Yes I can create a new account but I lose all my games
I have about 200€
I checked but it's now impossible to recreate a URL address
You can only do it in PRS-ORG or URL
Thank you very much.
I want to talk to a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you Anchati?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to take care of this for you.
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I sent an email asking to change my information.
I haven't had a response.
I want to make some changes.
new phone number: PHONENUMBER
New email address: EMAIL
I'll do it right now.
hello
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
we are having problems with PRS-ORG paying us
how can I help you? we are having problems with pple pay to cash
it just doesn't work
we have 2 and the 2 meetings have the same problem:
PHONENUMBER
and also PHONENUMBER
yes super
Thank you, NAME-F.
Nothing else to report.
we can close our discussion
Good evening.
I just bought a book: A Palace of Ashes and Ruins.
And I just realized that I already had it in my library.
Is it possible to get a refund?
Sincerely
Ms NAME-F
EMAIL
Saturday, April 17, 2021
A palace of ashes and ruins
Can you credit it to my PRS-ORG account?
Thank you in advance
No, thank you very much for your promptness.
Have a good evening
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello Mickael, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
Change of number
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
Note: you can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I made a request to change my number but unfortunately I haven't received a response.
Yes that's it
Old number PHONENUMBER
Well, it's the same one I looked at on my account before writing to you.
On the account it is written PHONENUMBER
Yes that's it, the company number is a mobile number
Well changing the character is the same thing.
And what's the email?
To change the company's one
Thank you very much
