Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
What is your name, if I may ask?
Going well and with you
Nice to hear, I have a problem with ultimate team I was playing my fut draft and just won my 2 game.
I'm happy to hear that. I have a problem with Ultimate Team. I was playing my fut draft and just won my 2nd match.
Now I click on ultimate team again and see that I have automatically been given a load of cards which I am very unhappy about.
Now I can't even
on the ultimate team which I don’t understand
Sorry for bothering you but
this was the only thing that came to me
The email is EMAIL and my PSN ID is faycal-brahim.
Thank you for your help
Okay thank you for this information I knew nothing about it at all.
But what about
Okey thank you for this information I knew nothing about that.
compensation from me veloren draft
NAME-M is very grateful for all the effort you have put in
I wish you much success with your work and much happiness further
Same 👍🏼
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. What is your name, if I may ask?
I have a PRS-ORG account with an email address that I no longer have access to.
I used the account to play PRS-ORG.
This makes it impossible for me to log in to my PRS-ORG account.
I don't remember how the email address was spelled exactly.
If I'm not mistaken, it was EMAIL
Again, I don't remember exactly
The account is linked to my Playstation account, I still have access to that.
That account is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hey NAME-M, my name is NAME-N
Can you help me further?
I have had a problem with my transfermarkt on the web app since yesterday evening
I can't buy any players anymore...
I can still buy players on the game itself but not on the web app...
Exactly, I can still access it and search for players.
But as soon as I want to buy one it gives me this message
URL
Sure, please don’t worry as we are here to help you with the resolution to your issue.
Oh okay!
Nice to hear!
Do you have any idea how long it would be before I can buy players again?
Because I still have a few SBCs that I would like to complete:D
I completely understand your point, but right now I don't want to make any false promises because this is with the concerned team. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it for the rest :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I updated my PRS-ORG today and since then I can't start the game
I had this problem before
but then I fixed it with uninstalling PRS-ORG anticheat
and then reinstall
but I've been trying to fix it since this morning but it's not working
Yes.
game doesn't strat
other games still work like bf etc
but only at PRS-ORG I get this error
ok gladly
ok I'll try and let me know if it doesn't work
thanks
Ah, I see, I'll surely check the account to find why it is not allowing you to connect the new PSN Account to the PRS-ORG Account and help you in solving it. May I know your PSN ID and the email address registered on the PRS-ORG Account please?
PSN ID- NAME-N
No idea what that email address is
The original that was registered on the account?
I'm not sure
So I say multiple
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
Now look
I just want to play PRS-ORG on this account
I'm sure the data was correct
But I have now bought PRS-ORG for nothing
So help how can I solve this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-N.
I unfortunately did not receive my order
Bought PRS-ORG points online via my phone.
But unfortunately not credited.
Correct
Not very long ago
Not very long ago, I think
Okay great!
Then I will wait a bit....I am also not used to it taking a little longer.
Great!
I know that.
Sorry for wasting your time for now.
I wish you a nice evening!
And hopefully not until next time😜
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. What is your name, if I may ask?
Yes, I am not doing well.
I have been waiting for you for almost 1 week !!!!!!
When will I get my top players and 1 million coins back?
And back accessible with transfers.
I'm not going to wait days again!
Do it now
Ready ?
Always the same stories pfff
I am deaf and bored at home because of PRS-ORG and I want to enjoy playing PRS-ORG!
Okay
Until then
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M.
I have 2 problems and 1 question.
Firstly, there seems to be a glitch on the transfer market.
Firstly, there seems to be a glitch on the transfer market.
Also, the problem has been dragging on for 3 weeks that I can only offer 30 items at a time on the transfer market on the web app and PRS_ORG app
I also asked if there would be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins since this was a mistake and everyone who was able to buy it got a lot of coins for free.
The first problem has been solved.
It seemed like a glitch of a quarter of an hour!
Thank you!
My email address is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERIC
Thank you
One more question
Will there be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins?
Since this was a mistake and everyone who could buy it got a lot of coins for free.
Alright, thanks for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. What is your name, if I may ask?
Good but I have a problem
Good but I have a problem.
In PRS-ORG
Is it possible that I get my cards back
Is that possible?
Yes I someone has sold my PRS-ORG cards a hacker
Someone has accessed my account and sold my players
When can I get my players back on January 15?
EMAIL and online id is ALPHANUMERICID
Please check your email inbox and share the six digit verification code with me.
Yes I can get my cards back
A HACKER DELETED MY CARDS I WANT MY CARDS BACK!
It is not incorrect
That person has also hacked my email
I want my tickets back
I can send photos
I WANT MY CARDS BACK
I had 87 carlos alberto 88 maldini 91 kroos stoickov
And more
Your cancer mother
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my account
Yes of course
I played PRS-ORG on PC from PRS-ORG last year, now I play PRS-ORG on PlayStation but both accounts are on 1 email.
Now I'm trying to log in on the web app, and I can't switch from account, from PC to PS4
The option is there to switch from PC PRS-ORG to PlayStation PRS-ORG
But he doesn't
And if I want to do that, it keeps freezing and logs me out
Ehm yes, good, and how about you?
Do I need to answer anything else or?
So I can only access the web app tonight?
Because the web app is down tonight, or can I only do that on the 27th?
Or October 1?
By that I mean that I can log in to the web app with my PlayStation account instead of the PRS-ORG account
ebook
The PRS-ORG on Thursday 5 August
This ebook has now disappeared from my account
ok thank you.
I don't see any archive section for my books.
Yes, I can see the missing book now, but I can't find the archive myself.
For if it happens again
I found it!
Thank you for your help.
Thank you, you too have a great day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a new phone number
I am unable to confirm the verification code
To log in to the PRS-ORG web app
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account please?
Yes, that is EMAIL but because I am no longer a student, I can't access that email address...
I tried it once last week but the chat crashed then.
And was the queue quite long
That's why I'm trying it again now
I would especially like to change my mobile number
But I don't know how easy that can be
Yes, I understand
Date of birth 29
Billing address: ADDRESS
Telephone number: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good evening, NAME-M here
Sure!
I hope you are doing well.I have a question about the PRS-ORG, as far as I know I still have to go to it every day, then SBC No. 6 will come and then I still need one.
However, the objective ends tomorrow so I would be short of one.
My son has the same problem on his account.
However, tomorrow the objective will already end so I would be short one.
Yes, that's correct, with the corresponding shapeshifters challenge
EMAIL
And EMAIL
My son uses it
Yes of course, I will wait calmly!
I had looked at answers.PRS-ORG, they gave the tip to report it here, then we could see if we had missed an SBC or if there was indeed a mistake in the content
Oh great!
Yes I had read that more people have this but I thought I would just report myself for safety.
A free PRS-ORG and a shapeshifter are nice rewards!
No this was it, thanks for your time and your explanation!
I will wait and see and keep an eye on answers.PRS-ORG and your Twitter account.
Thank you and have a good evening!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I disconnected my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG a while ago.
My account says it is disconnected from PRS-ORG.
I want to link another account to my PRS-ORG.
I followed the steps I found.
I can't seem to get the option to link a new account.
I contacted PRS-ORG, but they sent me here
The account that is linked has the email address EMAIL
No, that is the account that PRS-ORG says is linked.
I would like to link it to EMAIL
I am unfortunately not at home right now, so I can't start a game, but I will definitely try it when I am at home.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-F. What is your name, if I may ask?
Yes, I am.
I just made 2 purchases for PRS-ORG packages.
It has indeed been taken from the bank account, but I am not getting any confirmation
Yes.
I want to buy more, but I don't dare now
That is EMAIL (it is my game email)
And I just pre ordered grow together and the kit from first fits
Good evening,
Last month I took out a trial subscription to PRS-ORG (both books and audio books) and this has also been extended to 31.
Now I realized that I didn't purchase any audiobooks and only wanted to subscribe to buy books.
I have therefore just cancelled my previous subscription as of 30 June and taken out a new subscription.
The problem is that I have now paid twice.
How can this be solved?
Greetings,
Dear Sir,\n\nHow can this be solved?
Thank you for the message.
My email address is EMAIL.
The last book I bought is PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
It's fine on my credit card.
Do I need to convert my subscription after June 30 or has that already happened?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
I have spoken to someone from PRS-ORG before because I lost my account.
He said there was nothing more to be done but I saw someone on the internet who said that it might be possible to try to disconnect your account, could you do this?
Yes I would appreciate it if you could still try to find it.
But I wouldn't know as someone else said that it's gone (my account)
It is also useful to know that I lost my account because I wanted to link my account with PRS-ORG
But my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
well, I was hacked a while ago, someone logged into my PRS-ORG web app and sold all my items.
And I'm not sure what else he did, either.
but I wasn't in any case.
but now I'm banned for something he did.
It's not really fair is it?
Hi there. As I can see your account has been compromised and is missing the players am I correct?
but I could live with that...
until I was suddenly banned even though I don't even know what I did
That is EMAIL
Thanks for the effort!
that will be so helpful thank you for your effort!
and I understand that my account is my responsibility.
but a ban for 1000 days is a bit excessive.
I will wait for the answer.
Thank you and have a nice weekend!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have been playing command and conquer on my pc for years, I bought it once, however now PRS-ORG is saying I don't have it anymore.
he doesn't start up because of this
I can't find that code anywhere.
That is correct, since last week you have not been able to find your game Command and Conquer on your PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID I'm starting to doubt if it wasn't linked to my other mail
I'm trying that now
This is really mega stupid, he was linked to my other email address....
he's doing it again :)
My credit card is not stored properly again.
I had this problem last month and I already chatted about it.
Can this be solved? I don't want to have to report this every month...
EMAIL
PRS-ORG is the most recent ebook
My problem is in the first message...
credit card has expired and I have already reported the new one many times, but every time the old one is reset.
I don't want to get the notification every month that my account is not being renewed and every month have to add my credit card again
Yes, I did that at the time.
Payment for April was successful.
now payment for may has failed again
ALPHANUMERICID
that number has remained the same
so that's the number that appeared on the new card
Yes, please.
I'll do it one more time.
How can I escalate if it happens again next month?
I'll do it on another PC
I'm going to get started myself.
Thank you, hopefully it will work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am blocked from the transfer market.
but I haven't done anything wrong
I have already contacted them 3 times but they have rejected me 3 times.
If you tell me how I can prove it, I would do it.
EMAIL
I think it's because I put players on it.
And suddenly they were sold for more than they were worth.
but I can't do anything about people buying them for more than they are worth.
I can't do anything about people buying these fakes
I know this is against the PRS-ORG rules.
I would never do this.
As you can see in my account, I have had an account for a long time and have never done anything wrong
That is why I would like to open a dispute for the 4th time
I really hope this gets resolved
Thank you, that was it.
Could you please let me know that they are looking at it very carefully
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-F. What is your name, if I may ask?
I keep getting an error message when installing.
The anticheat keeps hanging
I can send you a photo of the error message if you want.
EMAIL
NAME-M, are you still there?
PRS-ORG id: PRS-ORG
play on PC
Error message: An error occurred in the PRS-ORG Service.
Error occurred in PRS-ORG Service.
The game ALPHANUMERICID has not been played yet
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. What's your name, if I may ask?
I'm playing all the episodes.
and afterwards a video of someone else playing it.
And I noticed that they could change their hand weapon.
For example, from a police baton to a foldable version.
But for me, that option has completely disappeared.
If I remember correctly, it is EMAIL.
It has been a while since I created this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my first name is NAME-M
I have a question about the PRS-ORG packages.
I understand that you need to be lucky.
And that I have to be lucky with the packages of e.g.
I understand that you have to be lucky. And that I will get a standard 84 plus package, for example.
I also get the icon that I'm unlucky to get 86 Ballack.
But when I do the hero SBC twice in a row and then get Campos twice in a row, I think this is going too far.
Just like I said earlier, I understand that it's just bad luck that I actually get exactly those ratings with the 81+, 83+ and 85+ packs
But 2x a hero SBC in a row and then also 2x the same player NAME-M
I can totally understand that you are not happy with the pack probabailty.
But as I just mentioned, doing the hero SBC twice in a row and getting the same player twice and then campos.
I think that is going too far
I know enough and that was the last penny that went into it.
Because I find this too ridiculous for words.
I'm not complaining about the extremely bad packages I get further.
But it is ridiculous. I am not complaining about the extremely poor packages I receive.
It is a shame that nothing is done about it, but it is clear how PRS-ORG treats its customers with hate
As I already mentioned, the probabilities are known, but what I just mentioned is simply too far-reaching in my opinion, given what you have to give up for it.
But I know enough, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
My name is NAME-N
Yesterday I tried to play PRS-ORG for the first time on my new mac, and it didn't work.
I had removed all the expansion packs, and all the custom content, and he still didn't do it.
Today it does work again.
Is there a problem with macbooks with os ventura?
At PRS-ORG
Today, it is the first time that PRS-ORG is successfully launched.
I am however worried if it will continue to work
Via PRS-ORG
Yes, an unknown error is displayed
Okay, thanks.
I'm going to try that.
I want to top up my balance with PRS-ORG.
If I go to my account/payment settings, I can only enter a credit card.
I want to top up my balance with PRS-ORG. When I go to my account/payment settings, I can only enter a credit card.
Oops… no idea
Okay
ADDRESS
I have an abo with PRS-ORG for free PRS-ORG.
Sometimes I want to buy a book.
Then I need an amount via PRS-ORG
I have done this before, so I know it can be done.
But I can't find it now
Thank you.
But I put 25 euros on my PRS-ORG account which I could use to buy books.
This is almost gone, so I want to put another 25 euro on it
Yes, that's correct.
No gift card But I had set it up via PRS-ORG
I will continue to search.
I hoped you knew that.
Thank you for your effort
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
Over a year ago I contacted you about the expansion packs.
these are not visible in the PRS-ORG. I was then told that there was a bug in my game and they would work on it.
More than half a year ago I contacted you about the expansion packs. They are not visible in the PRS-ORG. I was then told that there is a bug in my game and they would work on it.
Now I am curious how it stands and how long this can still go on
EMAIL
The cache was cleared.
The app now gives multiple error messages when I try to open it.
I am now restarting the app
I closed the app via task manager.
he has now been restarted
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-F, I bought PRS-ORG through my Playstation 5 and then downloaded PRS-ORG for free through PRS-ORG.
Now when I play PRS-ORG, after a certain amount of time, I get the message that the session will end in 15 minutes and the game closes?
I bought the subscription via my playstation account.
The email for that is EMAIL
Sure
Or have I misunderstood and is PRS-ORG not included for free with PRS-ORG?
Oh okay is that
Thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
Except for the balls from yesterday, everything is going well.
I found out yesterday that I was hacked on PRS-ORG and lost all my tradable players and items in Ultimate Team.
I called about this last night and if all goes well, case #PHONENUMBER has been created for this.
I was wondering if there is any news about this and how long it takes to solve this kind of problem.
I'll check the update on your case.
Okay, thanks.
Then I know that everything has arrived safely etc.
Is it then checked whether a backup from 24 hours ago can be made, etc.?
Okay clear, then I'll wait for it.
Thank you NAME-M and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG
I'm doing well, thank you.
And with you?
I just spoke to a colleague of yours about the fact that I haven't received my PRS-ORG points but the amount has been debited from my account
I just spoke to a colleague of yours about the fact that I haven't received my PRS-ORG points, but the amount has been debited from my account
I did that and now I wanted to know if I get my money back or my PRS-ORG points
My day was nice and relaxed and good btw.
thank you
I bought it literally an hour ago
Sure?
Sure, thank you.
then I'll just keep playing all night now because I still need to qualify for weekend league haha.
Have a nice evening and good night already
PRS-ORG is love haha.
It's okay, I'll wait then.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi! How may I assist you today?
Since the new PRS-ORG level cap, I haven’t received any loot boxes.
I do get the notification that I have received a loot box.
I can't open it because the tab is not there.
Yes it's only a few, but yes I would still like to have them hahah
Sorry yes
yes I had tried that
ah ok thank you
so there's not much to be done]
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. What is your name, if I may ask?
draft was lost because the opponent left the game
I have had this 3 times this week now
I also indicated this via the chat every time this week
I have also had this problem 3 times this week
Yes draft match
the third time already
This has already cost me about 10 euros
And?
getting your draft token back is not possible if the opponent does the glitch and you know that!
so don't come up with that solution
I don’t understand why you don’t just give a draft token
Can you see how long I have been logged in today to PRS-ORG?
How long have I been online and when do I log out?
then can't you see that it can never be my fault if I stayed online?
If I can prove that I stayed online, will I get my tokens back?
I can just prove that
When will I receive an email?
I have been waiting for a week.
this is the third time already
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M.
I would like to cancel my membership of PRS-ORG!
That's correct
But I can't do it through the website.
But then it says 'you are not a member of PRS-ORG'
But money is being deducted every month!
EMAIL To begin with, may I know the email linked with your PRS-ORG Account?
ok thank you for the help
But aren't you responsible for PRS-ORG charges?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good afternoon, I am NAME-M, and I have already contacted you about the verification emails that are not coming in.
I have now created an alternative email address as requested by you.
Yes, I am doing well.
That is absolutely correct, and I can't see where the problem is
it seems like those mails are bouncers and go back immediately
hence your question to me to try it with a g-mail account
EMAIL
and EMAIL should be added as a test
ALPHANUMERICID
I get that, but I don’t get everything that is automatically generated
EMAIL: Do you have any spare email so I can update the secondary email it will help you to get the codes?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked
I have already run several cases, but nobody can help me.
I just reset the security as your colleague advised
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked.
I have already run several cases, but nobody can help me.
I have just reset the security as recommended by your colleague.
EMAIL May I know the email that is linked to your PRS-ORG Account?
I just got this information from your colleague but I am doing it again
ALPHANUMERICID
This is the new code
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well, and I hope you are too.
I have a question about restoring quick sales from the PRS_ORG app
I think something is wrong here?
I had 0 repairs a while ago and was waiting for it to renew so I could get 5 extra repairs, but unfortunately I just saw that only 1 was added and I already used that one.
And now I have to wait for ALPHANUMERICID again for new 5?
I already had 0 repairs a while ago and was waiting for it to renew so I could get 5 more, but unfortunately I just saw that only 1 was added and I already used it. And now I have to wait for ALPHANUMERICID again for new 5?
Is it possible to solve that?
I think today?
I think it was today?
ALPHANUMERICID is now showing and there are 22 hours left?
Okay, fine, I'll do it.
thanks for your time
Thanks, I don’t have any other problems luckily:)
Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. What is your name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I have a problem logging in to PRS-ORG.
my password is incorrect and when I request a new password I don’t get an email
All folders checked
I also tried a few days ago, and I didn’t receive anything then either.
I just got a mail from customer experience, so my address is fine.
EMAIL
Please check if you have received an email with the subject line " Please verify ownership of your PRS-ORG Account " in your Inbox or SPAM inbox. Please read it back to me so we can verify your account and check its status.
Yes, password reset successful.
I am in.
Thank you for the support!
No, thank you.
That's it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I have a problem with my PRS-ORG game
My little brother (14) used my account and it got banned out of my control
My little brother (14 years old) has misused my account, which has resulted in my account being banned out of my control
I recently found out that my little brother (14) has misused my account, which has resulted in my account being banned from PRS-ORG fut transfermarkt.
I want to change my password now.
I recently changed my psn password which allowed him into my account.
you can check this if possible
Indeed
I saw that you have a live chat so I was wondering if you could help me with that
Yes, EMAIL
I changed my password about 3 weeks ago for him, not knowing he would abuse it of course.
I don’t want to call it misuse, but yes, he did do it.
moment
I don't want to call it abuse, but yes, he did do this.
That's good.
You also give all the details, right?
Yes, did you put in the details that I mentioned?
because that is leading for this story
ok thank you
I bought a book about half an hour ago in your app but the book still doesn’t appear in my ebooks
I bought a book about half an hour ago in your app, but the book is still not in my ebooks
I bought that ebook today
Tuesday 23 February
The money has indeed already been debited
PHONE NUMBER CREDIT CARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 14:36 CREDIT CARD
I can see it.
Thank you very much!
I get quite confusing emails, on the one hand the deduction (rightly so) of my monthly amount and on the other hand the notification that my payment has not been completed.
Is this last one spam or how does this work?
EMAIL: I am getting rather confusing emails, on the one hand the deduction (rightly so) of my monthly amount and on the other hand the notification that my payment has not been completed.
I am currently reading PRS-ORG
ALPHANUMERICID 91D; Just to clarify, you are currently chatting with the husband of PRS-ORG, I hope that is not a problem.
I handle all the administration for us and I was surprised by the subsequent emails.
NAME-N reads a lot (with great pleasure ☺
Yes, it concerns two mails from last Thursday, January 28th, at 13:16.
The strange thing is that the subscription had been running smoothly for a long time, but in December there was suddenly a request for the payment to be restored.
Incidentally, the charge was simply made.
My daughter recently restarted the sign-up process.
Again we would like to keep the subscription (and preferably undisturbed ☺)
The subscription has existed since approx.
May 2020
At this moment, it is working without any problems in your wife's PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG App?
On January 28th, a normal deduction of €9.99 also took place
The important thing is that it is working, so this is a satisfactory answer for now.
If something does happen, we will contact you.
For now, thank you for your time and the answer!
Best regards, NAME-M
No, that's fine!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. What is your name, if I may ask?
May I ask your name, if I may?
This morning around noon the trophy Titan Cup reset the clock to 12 o'clock.
I still have to play a few matches to reach 10.
I am coming home from work early today as it needs to be played before 7pm.
Now it appears it hasn’t been reset.. can you change that?
I understand.
It's just a shame that I'm going to miss out on two packages (again) because of a server error, and these packages contain PRS-ORG+ rating players... I pay for a game to work, and this is very disappointing.
Is there a possibility to deliver these packages anyway?
Now I understand that this explanation would work against a 18 year old child.
I myself am a bit older and know well enough that all of this is possible.
It has happened before.
When there is missing content, it is also put back on accounts
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good day, I just claimed my division rivals.
I wanted everything untradeable.
But my game froze and I could only press A on option 3.
I now have the coins and a few packs.
(Unopened) can you take this away and convert it to option 2 untradeble rewards?
Can you take these away (unopened) and convert them to option 2 untradeble rewards?
I would like to make everything untradeble.
Are you there?
No, I got option 3, 3 packs with coins.
But I wanted option 2 everything untradeble and more packs.
Option 2 is everything untradeable and more packs.
I got option 3.
Coins + 3 packs.
I wanted option 2 with everything non-negotiable without coins but more packages.
No, I got option 3 and I wanted option 2!😃
I want option 2
The game has chosen option 3 but I wanted option 2!
Everything is non-negotiable and most of the packages are
You can change it.
It is unopened.
I have been playing the whole week for option 2!
I haven't claimed anything!
The packages are unopened
The solution lies on your end.
You are making a mistake!
I don't have anything to do with this
Thanks for nothing!
You are lying, I know how many times PRS-ORG changed packages because you have bugs I know from before
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
I have a low battery, so I actually want to get to the point where that is.
There were some great discounts on PRS-ORG game expansion packs last week.
I already have the game itself, but when I tried to log in to make purchases, I got the message several times that logging in was “currently” not possible.
I still can't log in to my account, and the sale is now over.
Therefore, I was wondering if there is a possibility to still benefit from the sale, since I am not going to pay €40 for a game expansion.
I wanted to add the "PRS-ORG" and "PRS-ORG" expansions to my game, as a surprise for my younger sisters.
Thank you!
Okay, that's a shame
I don't have time for that now, so I'll ask for that another time.
Thanks anyway
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My given name is NAME-M. I am having trouble resetting my password.
I am not receiving the email
The email is EMAIL and I forgot the PRS-ORG ID because it has been a while.
I think it was ALPHANUMERICID or something in that direction of NAME-N
The code sent to your email is DEVICEID
Sorry just got the mail in 282732
no thank you for the help.
I just find it strange that I didn't get the emails to reset my password.
Have a good night.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
My name is NAME-M
I'm doing great, thank you!
I have a question, in the career mode, are there more customization options than in pro clubs.
Are these parts ever added to Pro Clubs?
Sure!
And thank you.
That is EMAIL
Ah okay!
Clear!
Thanks and please, please take my feedback into account.
Thank you very much :)
Thank you, and no that was my only question!
Have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My first name is NAME-M
I have a question about PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG account
I want to claim the offer
However, the PRS-ORG account is not linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL May I know the email address associated with your PRS-ORG Account?
I checked the details and it seems you don't have the PRS-ORG Account linked with the PRS-ORG Account, and hence you have not received the rewards on the PRS-ORG.
I want to make the connection but it doesn't work
I just want to make the connection but it's not working
And I’ve been working on this for half a day now but I’m not getting any wiser
Just did it
Yes, it works
Thank you very much!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
With me, almost everything is going well, only the following: A few years ago (2014) I created a PRS-ORG account.
My email address that was used to create the PRS-ORG account no longer exists.
How do I get access to my account now?
I still have the passwords, but I think they have expired.
Thank you!
That is no longer possible, the email address no longer exists.
Is there no other way I can identify myself?
After all, it's a lot of money.. PRS-ORG for example, I even bought a hardcopy!
I can't do anything with it now...
I still have the passwords.
I'm sure they're correct.
No idea if there is an sms verification possible, but my phone number is still the same
Is there a phone number I can call?
Or can you call me?
Or mean something to me?
Maybe I can transfer the games to a new account?
Is there anything we can help you with?
I really find it extremely unfortunate that there are just hundreds of euros missing.
And there's nothing to be done about it.
While I can fully identify myself, except with that email address
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
hi my name is NAME-M
I have already spoken to some of your colleagues today,
I have two PRS-ORG accounts
1 of which is linked to an old email address
I would like to link a new email address to this one because the old one no longer exists
I have finally managed to get into my account
This is the account NAME-N
that is linked to the email address EMAIL
my ps id is NAME-N
Yes super!!
I have another PRS-ORG account that is linked to my email address EMAIL
I don’t know if I can link everything there?
EMAIL
ok, please send it to this email address
then I can finally play my PRS-ORG fut team on mobile
thnx I'm going to do it right away
thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-N.
I already contacted you yesterday about this problem.
I moved to the Netherlands six months ago.
As a Belgian player, I could never buy PRS-ORG points, but that is all in the past now.
I changed my location on the PRS-ORG but I still can't buy any points.
With the creation of a new account, this is possible, but I would lose my progress with my 'main account'.
Can you help me further?
Yes, that's correct.
It's set to Amsterdam.
I already emptied my cache as they advised me yesterday but that doesn't work either.
Once you have changed it.
modified but it doesn't work
Okay thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
I'm NAME-F What's your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem, I have purchased PRS-ORG ultimate edition, only I never received the PRS-ORG points
Great, thank you in advance
EMAIL
Yes I know it very well
Because if I go to the playstore, I can still buy the standard edition
But the ultimate edition is no longer available, it has been purchased
I also have a confirmation that I have bought the ultimate edition
That's good, can it be done through PRS-ORG or does it have to be done through the internet?
Thank you for your help, have a great day further
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-F
No problem!
I had already contacted your colleague about my problem.
I had earlier today added PRS-ORG Expansion Pack to my PRS-ORG account.
I can't see the download button.
Your colleague came up with this link URL herself.
I have gone through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Yes, my email address is EMAIL
Via URL
Yes, I do!
The code is ALPHANUMERICID
Okay, then I'll just have to wait a bit longer.
Thank you for the help!
No, I'm good.
Thank you!
My email address: EMAIL
Android
Here is my question: it is about payment options for my subscription and for new books
Question: I am changing my credit card: the old one is blocked and the new one has not arrived yet.
Can I pay with PRS-ORG in the meantime?
And if so, how does it work?
On the URL, I don't see an option for that.
Last book read: PRS-ORG
Both
My e-reader does not show that option
And where can I find the checkout page?
.......or can that not be done on the ereader itself?
Do you mean that it should be possible from the ereader?
Okay.
And what if I want to order a new book from the site and pay with PRS-ORG?
ebook
EMAIL
PRS-ORG is now in my ebooks bieb but I can't open it.
Furthermore, there are PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
I just downloaded PRS-ORG via URL for PRS-ORG (I have a subscription) on the e-reader but when I open it, I get the message Oops, this document cannot be opened.
I have no idea why that is not possible, hence I am asking you.
On the URL?
I just signed out of my account on my laptop at URL.
Do I have to do that in the app on my mobile?
Done
I still can't open it.
I am still getting the same message.
I went through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Hi, I have solved it in the meantime.
The e-reader is my son's and it was on his PRS-ORG account while the payment from PRS-ORG went through my URL account.
Apparently, I can't send books to his ereader via PRS-ORG under my account?
Because now that I'm logged in to his ereader with my details (I first logged my son out), I can read the book.
Thank you for your help in any case.
Hello, I haven't used my PRS-ORG reader for a while.
Now I have a problem with charging the PRS-ORG reader.
I have tried different USB cables, both on the computers and on a power outlet with USB ports and with a plug.
I have reset it to the factory settings and synchronized it, but it still won't charge.
He still functions properly.
Do you have any last resort for me?
Thank you in advance.
EMAIL: Can you please provide the email address of your PRS-ORG account and the last book you have purchased? Thank you very much and sorry for this inconvenience.
PRS-ORG
The wild silence via URL
Where can I find the serial number?
I am from the Netherlands
I can’t read it, hence the photo
and PRS-ORG of NAME-F
ebook
NAME-F PRS-ORG
I came across the PRS-ORG site and bought these two books with my URL account
I thought I would receive downloads by email but that is not the case.
I thought I would receive downloads by email but that is not the case.
so now I have nothing from my purchases.
Can I get both downloads so I can install them on my PRS-ORG?
I have my PRS-ORG account on EMAIL.
my PRS-ORG account is on EMAIL
ah ok I didn't know that, very nice if you want to put these two books on the other account.
But which accounts do I have then?
If I look at my PRS-ORG reader, I see EMAIL next to the account
top that is super nice
I just don’t understand how this went wrong and how I should arrange it next time :)
yeah they insist on it :)
thank you
Is the other account EMAIL?
Are there books under there?
ok, I'll do that, but when I ordered, I was asked if I wanted to log in with my URL account?
I think that's where it went wrong.
If I press repair now, will all my 1000 books that are on it not be gone?
You mean that all the books that are on it will stay on it.
Those that were not bought via PRS-ORG?
I think it worked.
thanks for your help
Hi, my subscription has not been charged, while my credit card details have not changed and I have not changed anything.
I just (after receiving a second mail about this) adjusted the data.
Can you look into why my subscription has not been charged, while my credit card details have not been changed and I have not changed anything?
And whether the data is correct?
Thank you in advance
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
Author NAME-F
Yes that is fine
I just changed the credit card details for security
Thank you
So if everything goes well, my subscription won't be cancelled in three days?
That's great to hear.
Thank you for your efforts!
I will hear from you via email how it goes.
Have a nice day!
ordered a book from NAME-F last week
unknown_issue
My current ereader is starting to have charging problems.
Now with a new PRS-ORG touch ereader.
How can I get the books from my current ereader to my new ereader
The most convenient for me is if you want to put it in an email EMAIL
okay I will try that later
Okay thanks so far.
No, that's not it. First try charging and downloading the ereader.
If it doesn't work, I'll let you know.
I bought two books this week via the PRS-ORG website: Derksen and Selfies by NAME-M.
When I try to open these books on my ereader, I get the message: Oops!
This document cannot be opened.
I have already synchronized the ereader several times, but that doesn't help.
I don't see the books anywhere on my computer.
I have synced the ereader several times, but it doesn't help. I also don't see the books on my computer.
PRS-ORG NAME-N, today approx.
13.4
I understand what went wrong already.
I ordered these books on the account EMAIL
These should have been on the account EMAIL
Great. Let's try some repair on your device if you agree.
Yes sorry I have some problems with the ereader
The problem has been solved.
I was logged out and then logged in again.
After starting up, both purchased books are on my ereader.
thanks for the help
I understand that my accounts EMAIL and EMAIL are linked?
Because when I log in via PRS-ORG, I use that account EMAIL
I am offline.
reply can also go to one of my mail addresses, thanks
