Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I have recently contacted you via e-mail about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my entire team was sold and packages were purchased without my having done so myself.
So I think my account has been hacked...
I have currently changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified email address no longer exists.
in order to change my login details, I must use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
by NAME-F
that is good
Email address: EMAIL
no?
what should I do now?
create a new account?
closing off the old?
I can't find where to do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but didn't receive it.
Can someone make contact?
EMAIL
2 January 2021
Book's title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is shown at the time of payment
He is in the middle of it.
Thanks for the help and have a great day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, 52 euro, but I can't download them as a sound file.
What's next?
My email address is EMAIL
Please reply quickly, because I've already paid
How long are a few minutes for you?
My windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app, but it is not downloading anything.
If your information at purchase was not so defective, I would never have started with this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the website administrators to delete the information?
That might help me in the future if I were to order something from ng.
I have just logged out on advice and logged in again, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader
When I try to pay, I am redirected to the payment method which was never the case. The letters are very small and unreadable, and then he asks whether you are sure you want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and it was done
so if I understand correctly
First remove everything through the website
re-enter and how to synchronize PRS-ORG
I am doing this on the ereader
I will try again, thank you very much. If it doesn't work, I'll contact you
I am contacting you regarding the interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I can't reset my password.
EMAIL (but I can't log in anymore)
PRS-ORG of NAME-F.
Or by NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes I get that.
account is unknown in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for that does not come to my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that is correct.
And then I can't get in with that account, nor can I reset my password.
It should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a wpword.
It now seems to work.
Yes, all is well!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is really small.
Thanks for the help.
Making books accessible!
And close.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocketbook but I don't have a download option in my books under my account.
Could this be right?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a one-month trial period.
Could this be a factor?
This concerns the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review, and Clear.
Why has this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about it on the internet.
Then the trial has failed.
I can no longer open this book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I am constantly thrown out.
The other books I can open.
It's just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!It works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read a book.
Thank you.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the mean time
In the meantime
Beautiful
I have been banned from PRS-ORG. I saw it today.
What about PRS-ORG points that I bought at the microsoft store of PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them they say that I should contact you
I want that money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's first talk about purchasing PRS-ORG points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
My EMAIL account with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
I contacted the helpdesk in English, but it did not go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working with it for years and would very much like to continue / solve.
How nice that you can type in Dutch.
Yes, please, and then see if I can get my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
Already a few times, but then it still doesn’t work.
I created a second account, which worked.
Make sure my account NAME-N...URL is blocked?
Do you still want to reset it?
Yes, after a reset password now succeeded, great thanks!
I will check if my game is working in it as well.
But my game is not in there.
Can you help me with that too?
Oh, but I can see my orders in history.
Great, keep looking.
Thank you!!
no, in the browser
I can now feel, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I subscribed to a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and doesn't start.
When I click on ‘try again’, I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the Playstation does not solve the problem.
Downloading the app again also didn't work
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only I don't get that discount automatically yet.
Also, from September 22, I would like to start the 10 hour free trial of PRS-ORG.
I do need the PRS-ORG hub for that, don't I?
So when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG because you get 10% discount, I do not get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, although that should be the case
How do I contact you about that?
And on September 22nd I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play it by 10 am?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Your colleague does not.
I gave it a really really bad review .
To you, on the other hand, I will give one good one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is, can you arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
It's going well, thank you.
Thank you, my psn name is ALPHANUMERICID
I did have that on PRS-ORG.
But I have nothing on the console and it is not open on the web app yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason that I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many games, it still hasn't been successful.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book again.
I tried all sorts of things.
After that I called out another book, and that was received alright.
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
Yesterday I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find that book.
I have tried everything.
After that I recommended another book and that went well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's next to it.
No that was it.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I have the URL PRS-ORG abb installed on the e-reader.
I can't find those anywhere on the ereader.
EMAIL
bought my first ebook yesterday via URL: socrates op sneakers.
I have been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG™?
how do i get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device are you referring to?
What library?
device?
is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have already tried several cables and laptops, but everywhere the same.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have something to do with each other and can I do anything about it?
Thank you very much for the response in advance!
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books from the laptop to the reader via a cable, so I don’t use the account for that
Then I do have the right version?
Is there another reason why I can no longer connect it with pc?
Ereader has been reset in the meantime, but it still does not make contact with the laptop.
The reader says that it is indeed connected and that it is charging, but on the laptop it remains that access is refused.
USB device is not recognized..
PRS-ORG not recognized by computer.
tried various things (other/new cable, different computer, factory settings); none of them work.
read on the internet stories of other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
the title of a book is 'if you're so smart, why aren't you rich?'
thanks NAME-M, have a nice day yourself.
I will reply as soon as I find your account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers also don't recognize my e-reader
I have already cleared the drivers and followed several advices that I found on the internet
I use the cable included, and I even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it is not there either
my proposal is that I send it back, because I don't see any other option anymore
I just don't know if I want an PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has dropped a bit because of this
tried the factory settings too.
This problem has been going on for a couple of months unfortunately.
resetting usb ports could still work
but contact with PRS-ORG seems to me a better idea, because I don't have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves
thanks.
I looked quickly, but it is not in there.
the usb ports work perfectly otherwise
I will contact PRS-ORG
thank you for your input
thank you NAME-M
no, I will continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
in like manner
ebook
365 Dagen Nederlander was the most recent ebook.
Good evening.
I'll wait.
I am already formulating my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted some purchases shortly after purchasing them.
I have saved these 102 e-books and they are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of e-books that remain visible before I must archive them, if I have to?
102 ebooks through PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but i don't have PRS-ORG ereader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And that app contains my ebooks that I read through my plus subscription.
So I assume that there are still some ebooks visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question was answered.
Thank you very much.
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase in a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would get the money back into my account
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are now a few days further and i have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need
I spoke to NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% was not working
she indicated to just do the repurchase and then I would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
I haven't received anything on my account yet, unfortunately.
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
I am only surprised that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F has also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would already be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication of when the amount will be credited, I'll be more than happy.
I'd like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit.
I'm all here and have purchased all new ebooks from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days that is clear.
So by next Thursday at the latest
Thank you, you helped me fine and have a nice evening
Top, I'll fill it in
unknown_issue
I see recommended titles on PRS-ORG.
Quite often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that happen if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
OK
But other books, I can download for free, e.g. PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
That 15 books, that is per month.
Must delete read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don't see any repair
Done
I still pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But when a book is under PRS-ORG, you may assume that you can download it without costs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
The only problem is that I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Unable to load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I didn't delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
The problem is that I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
I didn't delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I will have lost my progress.
I am not sure if I totally understand.
I'm going to start a new game, then.
Then I will go to bed.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I will try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a little bit of patience
It takes long to type
In order to play certain games, I have to sign in with a PRS-ORG account.
If I create an account and use my own email address, it says it is already in use.
That's right, one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But the verification code is then sent to @URL.
I can't go any further, therefore.
What should I do?
The account is created automatically by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will see if I succeed.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
I wanted to, of course, take this NAME-M.
But since I first checked his player data, my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
Unfortunately, I suffer from colour blindness now, which makes it difficult for me to see which pick I indicated.
Certainly because I was at NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I am bored with it now.
Yes, you are right, a confirmation is required, but there is no team name included, I think?
I had taken a photo to show that I NAME-M had packed.
But I don't know if that can serve as evidence here?
A pity.
I just find it very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, looking at his player bio.
Back and then press X to choose this player, the choice suddenly changed to Tapsoba.
No it does not matter, even though I like to admit that when selecting and then selecting 'yes' again the error was my fault.
But by then the 'bug' or quirk had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
It is very unfortunate.
Yes you are allowed to do that.
And what might the consequences of that be?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink van NAME-M
i have just had a chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was interrupted.
I saw that my subscription expired on March 14, 2018....!
When I tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription has been terminated because the financial data was not correct...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit has been made.
Not that I know ... in August 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After half a year, it turned out that I had a subscription at both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG ... I don't know how that's possible... but 1 subscription was cancelled.
I faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
the last deposit was on 14 December.....
December 14 2020
So reactivate it at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that.....thanks in advance for your help.......if it doesn't work I'll let you know again!!!
have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but here seems to have gone wrong
sync
I am trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
he is well written off, but he is not in my account
Can you make sure it comes to my account?
my thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be it
It's on my account.
thanks!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but it will be all right in the end
Thanks for the help now
no it is good that way
Thanks!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Was I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address for the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL and the email address for my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address is about to expire.
How do I change the email address on the ereader device?
I don't know.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that URL is listed.
That's right.
And on the e-reader at settings (ie the device) EMAIL .
The latter email address will soon expire and should therefore also be set to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, it is also important that it is mentioned on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I don't understand.
I have to deregister the old email address at the device under settings/accounts subcategory PRS-ORG.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEXT DOOR?
Do I also have to deregister under the heading pocket?
And at adobe, the withdrawal after authorization is now showing the old email address.
Will it automatically be changed?
And how do I log in?
Sorry, I'm really a digit peasant
And am I at risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is still visible on my account.
I did not get a confirmation e-mail, but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from a different purchase today.
However, I did get this book.
Hereby the proof of my payment
Thank you for your reply.
These two books are.
See above picture
You can see in my account that I did not receive those two books
- Date when the cost is charged: 7 June 2023
Amount: € 24.98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postcode is 3840.
See further payment data in the pictures below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book 'the seventh sister' on the 6th of May at 20:05h, but can't sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and can't see it in my PRS-ORG recrute account.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I cannot find the date directly
Yes
Find it a bit..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I’m going to do that.
I found the book!
:) Thank you so much for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I am NAME-M
Can you help me solve my problem..
Did you see my screenshot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
when I start PRS-ORG, I cannot connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a long time..
That is true.
I sent you a screen shot of my status.
this will remain on grey and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but would like to play them on the pc.
Can I, or will I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the PC myself.
But I hoped I would be able to use my account at both places.
It is a pity (annoying) if I now have to start all over again.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
How unfortunate.
Do you know if this might be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be great if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future.
Thanks for your answer and have a great evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thanks for the quick response
I haven’t been active on my account for a long time.
I would like to sign up now, but I can't do this.
The verification code that was sent also goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to recover my account?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I don't get an email from there.
*not even for undesired
I have already tried that, but I have not received an email about that.
When I want to create a new one I get a message that there is already an account at that e-mail address.
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you remove everything so that I can create a new account on my email?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from a DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (father) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
sure.
The code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think at a toy store
New bought in any case
That's good, I'll wait
This does not seem to be correct.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, where we can see if the code works?
Because I am not even able to install it on my PC at home.
So we haven't gotten to inputting the code yet.
I bought a stand-alone DVD player this week specifically for this game!
I'm going to try that.
do you want to wait a bit?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
It must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and are not installing the game we just bought.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still had something to offer, her e-mail address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription was canceled before renewal, which is why the reminder is invalid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already cancelled it before the extension.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated
yes by email NAME-N, from URL
next to this subscription I have nothing else going
PRS-ORG Reading & Listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I already had it cancelled for this period
Ah ok, they have referred me back to you.
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
i understand
no it was 't
thanks, still working
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid this via PRS-ORG, which was also written off, but I have not received an e-book.
Ordered by phone.
But when I log in to my phone or on my e-reader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps like turning off, etc.
EMAIL
20 and book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going well
If the person leaves the chat, will it be gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it!
Thank you very much.
Greetings and wish you a very nice day
Hello, I have had an ereader from you since July 2022.
So not yet a year.
Today I was reading on the ereader, I also have an official hoejse with which it goes automatically into sleep mode when it closes.
I have used the e-reader, closed the cover and placed it down.
When I then opened it up (it has not fallen, not moved and nothing has come up.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked strange.
Above that it says ‘sleep mode’, and then there is another part of the book visible in stripes and triangles, the cover, and somewhere there is still the vague message ‘94% read’.
There are also vertical stripes to be seen.
When I turn it off (15 sec) it still shows the tr, when I turn it on again something appears on the screen as if it is going to go on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously on.
What can I do and how is this possible already after no more than a year??
Hello
EMAIL
And it is according to me a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the delayed response.
Here's the picture of the screen.
The device has had a rest, we have already reset it, etc. But this continues to appear without any reason.
Good evening, ah that’s strange.
I now send it as a pdf, hopefully that works.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my ebook purchase is not in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Great!
And thanks
Great!
Thanks.
Quick question: This happens every time, however.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
The book is here, by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
And have a good evening!
Thanks and I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I can no longer find my account according to the login tab
Which is very unfortunate because there is quite some money involved
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch?
NAME-M you should know that guy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Yes so you put Knock out city for free but I have paid for it.
Ok, so I bought Knock out city from PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it is free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG told me to contact you.
Yes OK thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again however I cannot in the webapp, can you give me access to my account in the webapp?
This is what happened in my opinion
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG right away?
can I use the webapp from 23?
But I played PRS-ORG for years just not 22.
you have all the information, if everything is going well
Hmm, my friends will have a head start then because they can use the web app sooner. I'm not sure if I'll be able to keep up
hmm a pity that there is nothing to do, then I will not get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are being sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that goes by that name
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the mail address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
correct is in the PRS-ORG app
Thanks
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
Is this because you have to log in 1x a month or?
then I will try that
thanks in advance
great, you too are the best wished
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hmm I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
The problem I had was that PRS-ORG didn’t give me the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library.
Eventually I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I do have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then he said that I had to go to the store iBelgiumië (I am also from Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but some of my friends already have it in their library to
21 September pre-load already.
But I cannot add it.
This is because I live in Belgium and Belgium has amended certain laws in the gaming sector with regards to purchases.
Because, e.g.
in Belgium you cannot buy PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to be sure that I get the PRS-ORG version because I am paying
that PRS-ORG made it especially for them..
OK.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I really would like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have said thousands of times that I did not commit any offence.
This has been reported to your team 10 times, but the lock remains
I am going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can you please contact someone by phone?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result…
I really feel discouraged
Thanks, I really hope you can help me.
Is there otherwise a telephone number I can contact?
Translate Dutch to English:
Hopefully they can do something about this…
Translate the Dutch as follows:
No, hopefully with this problem…
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just experienced something strange, don’t understand it at all.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
He's no longer in my library
how can this be?
True, but I just log in to PRS-ORG and I see it there.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG, I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don’t see that
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well, but I'm pretty annoyed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and redirected my budget.
I'm now able to start all over again and I'm a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great.
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently there is a wrong email address, as can be seen in the attachment.
I'm getting ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it properly secured with 2 step verification, my PSN password I've already changed.
I cannot access the PRS-ORG account, not even in the PRS-ORG app.
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had contacted my problem earlier.
However, I got a call, which my contact person interrupted the conversation.
But now I am here again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, my games didn't show up in my library.
The person I spoke to must have arranged for PRS-ORG to be in my library now.
But I still don’t have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just says "loading" with a clock
My question is or can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
I know enough then.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, it was!
Thank you and carry on with them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I am waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this will take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week now and your colleague said it wouldn't last that long
Can you check How long is it?
Because I am always told to wait but no time indication
1 week was said to be now 1 week
And you can’t tell how long this will last?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I am assuming this now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being sung to me
PRS-ORG
Said
Was I never told very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case.
So now I have to wait for another week?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that when you resume business you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
I just have to wait
Waiting
And doing nothing and waiting
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I have forgotten my password.
I've been logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
through email or?
the associated email address is EMAIL
I just don’t have access anymore
yes that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good.
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG froze
I rebooted
It appears that the package I received from that sbc has been sold quickly
and of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradable
Yeah I would just like to have my prize from that SBC
I have also added photos of what the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and I think my e-mail address is EMAIL
and other than that, my old one, and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on PC
When I start my PRS-ORG on a pc, I always get the message Secure boot is not enabled
I tried everything that was on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will it take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I haven't been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but this does not work
okay
Thanks for your help, I will just have to wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1st, but they were not deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps to log in, nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
Do you mean Hoeb?
Okay, and then
But they say contact them.
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but because it has now become crossplay, I bought eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
I want to start using the web app for ultimate team, but it is automatically logging me into my PS4 account on PRS-ORG, which I do not want to use this year. I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
I have now deleted my Playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app
thank you
No, I have never played on PC with PRS-ORG. But I am in the process of pre-loading PRS-ORG.
ok so this is because i have never created an ultimate team on pc?
if I do this when the game comes out can I use the web app completely?
well damn that I now miss a lot of coins :(
it's clear for me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question regarding an update of an already open request
It’s about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that point they said a specialized team would look into it and that it would take about 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
The question now was if there possibly was an update since I still had not received a reaction/compensation or the like for my “loss”
EMAIL 😊
Last week there was indeed an update on the status every day and it continues to be processed.
Of course, you get a little tired of it, but that you yourself don't really know exactly what still needs to happen or how far they are
I hope so, the desire to play the game has been much less over the past week
Anyway thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I have no access to the server all the time
but I created a new PS5 account and it's working on this
same for all my friends they can also play rivals
I've done a restart and all the help online
but unfortunately, nothing
and it's been like this all day now so i won't be able to get rewards tomorrow eitherµ
is correct
super!
thank you very much in advance
I got a market ban, which I'm currently thinking about, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals?
okay so is it strange that another account can use rivals?
can I also be there for my transfermarket ban perteoval?
EMAIL
ok great, then I'll do that!
thank you very much in advance!
but should I worry about my divisions?
that just comes back in order?
Are we sure of that?
super thanks a lot!
have a nice evening and keep going!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat, but he disappeared.
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers have a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it hard to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
Today I installed the PRS-ORG game on my windows PC, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if I can still do something about this; or if my PC is to "small" for this game.
And whether I could possibly use a memory card or something; that would allow the game to play at normal speed.
I look forward to hearing from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the picture is "delayed", so when I want to steer the car to the right; there is a certain delay.
So you will be faster in eg.
the guardrail ends up in the right place, instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Oh those are quite high now (do you mean screen mode etc?
Oh super, thank you!
No, I think you've answered my question for now.
And if not, I know how to reach you; you are fast, efficient and friendly.
Thanks
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader through synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but it cannot be opened on the e-reader.
How can I solve that?
EMAIL
According to me February 14th
No, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened.
There might be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn’t work, please contact us
Ok, I'm going to work with it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Bought two books on Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I got them onto the laptop.
I didn’t manage to get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in these purchases.
You talked about it with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And still no results
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Kruispunt does the job.
I also checked the second book.
It works too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That's for sure half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up again.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the manual.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euro a year or so ago.
month.
I don't need that right now, but I am not sure at all how to turn it off.
I have been endlessly searching several times.
Yes.
I find that very nice.
I might come back to pp someday, but I’m not using it at the moment.
Very nice!
And dealt with quickly.
Thank you...
No, I like it that way.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books, but I can't open them. I get a message saying this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try it thank you I hope I get out of it
Thanks have a nice afternoon
Yes, I'm not very good with computers, it might take a while
Top he does it thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the little light symbol and I cannot get rid of that.
I also can’t find out how to do this.
Please help.
EMAIL
no
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and afterwards the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the little symbol
All because there’s a line through my lightning bolt symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years, and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
I spend a lot of time and money in both every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without message and reason
Yesterday, a request was created, but now it says “resume” next to the request, so I am curious as to how that will go.
Yes
I'm very disappointed about this as I'm now missing all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I'm so heavily disappointed because I haven't done anything wrong so my trust is gone and I'm actually planning on cancelling all memberships and deleting everything
I even continued to play while PRS-ORG malfunctions made me miss my item and fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is this the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you then have to wait 10 days?
Okay and how long will this take?
I am really fed up with it... not with you by the way, but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll see, but my confidence is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I think that’s too risky because all of a sudden a block could be put on it
Okay, I will.
Hopefully they will pick it up quickly.
Thanks for the great help
Hope you are having a great day too.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
i would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so I could
I would like to link that to my PRS-ORG account
so i need to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
Well it is actually so
I can only not send evidence
sorry sir
looked the wrong way
it is EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has now been solved.
Only the hacker sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and that person said they could help fix this
The hack has sold 4 soccer players.
My son has now bought it back again, but now he has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I'm explaining it correctly at all, since I don't play the game myself
My question is if the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I have received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my little son is playing that
No, that is not necessary.
the problems caused by the hack have already been fixed
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site then sends a security code to my old email, which I no longer use
That is why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change it to EMAIL
My account doesn't need to be restored, just my email address please
I got a code via my email can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Top thank you very much!!!
Good morning, on Monday I bought a book through my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but get the message "Oeps!
The document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file."
I have synchronized multiple times, but it unfortunately does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
is correct
download via the site,
repairs, purchase through the site
I am working on that now, but that will take a while, I have to find a wifi password.
If this does not work, I'll sign up again.
Sure, I'll try logging in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can go on again.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the e-reader of my late mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't get into her account, and I want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just what I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So, removing information from EMAIL and entering it into a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don’t quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't get in?
By the way, I changed that yesterday on the e-reader.
I can no longer find those data anywhere
Or, if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire on her account?
Can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
With that, you will help me enormously
You're a hero!
All data can be removed.
Her account is no longer used.
All in all good.
Thank you very much.
Arrange it immediately.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot the PRS-ORG password, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up a new password.
I copied the link to the browser, but I can't go further with setting up nw www, how does it work?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my bieb, I wanted to start with it
ok i hear that, i'll stay online
exactly
then I end up in the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to create a new WW through the link in the email
Then I end up resetting my PRS-ORG ww account in the help screen
yes I will do that
Done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much for that.
now I'm going to see if I can find an overview of grace e-books on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open a purchased ebook.
it is on the device, but says that it cannot open this document.
rebooted and downloaded but it doesn't open it.
also placed via URL directly on the device does not help either
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
fine
I don't have the option of signing out of PRS-ORG
okay i did it
Audiobook bought and paid for.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
I was washed last time too
EMAIL
Today, just even
I did not get the last purchase no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and sign up
Bok van NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this happens.
That is my mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday, but that person has not received it yet, but I have already paid 20 euro.
I myself have not yet received confirmation.
Can you find out what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift card is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has been debited indeed
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No it was, thank you, nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - by error I paid 2x - 2 x 10 euro and nothing to receive, doesn't seem to add up, please help
EMAIL
the latter was January 16, 2021, and last night the purchase of the 2 books, therefore February 7
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer, 2 for 10 euro
I bought the last 2 last night
will arrive
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
has to cut and paste
toppie books are in
thanks for this nice service
we are happy to see this again
no my day is good again thanks again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anymore anywhere
EMAIL
17 January
PRS-ORG
I cannot find this book in my account.
I can't take a screenshot due to security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 p/n 017
Okay thanks.
The book is on it now though :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
