Well, it goes like this.
Yesterday I experienced a vexing incident.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I logged in I only had 776
Ok.
Yes, I registered yesterday through the PRS-ORG app.
Then was thrown out and at the time of new registration the coins were gone
I myself didn't buy anything.
Because as I said, I was online via PRS-ORG app to take care of SBC.
I was then logged out and when I tried to log in again, the coins were gone.
Could it be that these were bought differently?
Since I was at work where the whole thing happened.
So it must have happened on my PRS-ORG.
As I said, I was at work at that point and I just got annoyed because I didn't know where my coins went.
Is there a way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
It is a pity that PRS-ORG can do nothing about such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible for IN Game purchases.
There is really still a lot to be improved.
Pay more attention to customers than to profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, here is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
When you are too good (Season 1 Elite €
You cannot achieve the goals as shown in the photo.
That is why experience is lacking for the seasonal progress
Please automatically rate the goals as completed if a “better” goal aka div 2 has been fulfilled
No it's about season experience
But I also take rewards again, so that's not it 😂
Does this mean that the goals are unlocked?
Or will we get a compensation because they are inaccessible?
Since they don't seem to be able to help me with the current problem.
Nevertheless, a nice evening for you
Good morning, our device wants us to run the EC cards.
This is not possible with our device at all.
What shall we do?
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'm now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
At the moment we are managing the clinic, so I am not always on my mobile.
Pass this on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and is now on duty.
It will address the main account issue later.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can't buy and sell players through the PRS-ORG app, I can only do it through the PRS-ORG.
Please release this feature as soon as possible, I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and made a lot of games in PRS-ORG, and I have already bought PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app the game is only half as much fun, I pay a lot for the game so I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great. I don't have to buy any more PRS-ORGs without this feature.
Thank you for the help!
I have already played all the modes and already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't this be speeded up?
Too bad, it's a shame to lose the fun of the game.
Everyone can buy and sell players through the app, but not themselves.
It really is not nice what PRS-ORG is doing.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and this is how you are treated, it's not nice.
Alright, too bad, then I'll try a little more, let's hope it works quickly.
Otherwise, I don't need the game anymore.
Thanks for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher, then a black window opens and closes again
No.
I don't even get into the game.
I believe it is because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked
, but I can't undo this
Yes.
No
not earlier.
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG, but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to turn my attention to another matter.
I'm back now.
Is it possible to provide article data, for example via CSV import, for a large number of products/services?
Yes
The connection still exists.
Please be patient for my answers, as I also wait for some time to get a response.
I would like to create a large number of articles with descriptions etc. at once using csv-import.
Is there such a function?
I would like to create a variety of articles with descriptions, etc. all at once using csv-import.
Is there such a function?
The focus here is on "large number".
It is about migrating from another system
Thanks for forwarding
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I supposedly violated the rules.
I would like it to be cancelled and I can at least request to start over.
Otherwise I wouldn't know what to do with the game.
I can't play a new PRS-ORG with an acc.
I want to at least start over and get a chance.
The other accounts can stay blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the possibility to create a new account and start over, because I don't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I didn't get any email from your team.
NAME-N is what I would like.
Otherwise, I would wait 45 days.
If you can't do anything against this.
The paper reel is not recognized.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will now transfer you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
NAME-M, could you please rephrase your question?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
No receipt will be printed.
Yes.
Error message: printer has no more paper.
Create a new role and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
It is brand new and today the printing no longer works because it does not recognize the paper.
It is the original roll that was delivered with the device and this is not recognized.
Even what is in the packaging is not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I hope so for them too.
Ahem, I have the following problem.
I made a DSVGO inquiry yesterday and now I haven't received an answer.
How long does this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, that is why I would like to have a GDPR information because I would like to prove that I did not violate the guidelines.
Okay, then I will have to be patient.
I just hope that this gets cleared up.
I put a lot of money into the game and also put a lot of effort into winning the players.
Ok, I will wait for an answer.
Okay thanks in advance for the help, thanks to you too
Unintentionally, PRS-ORG, repelled
Yes, thanks, I hope you too.
My problem is the following:
Yes, thank you, hopefully you are doing well too.
I accidentally kicked out a player when I completed the PRS-ORG.
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG as a gift through PRS-ORG on 20.12.
I have already spoken with PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG, who referred me back to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately the PRS-ORG did not land in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was indeed activated via the account, but the PRS-ORG were unfortunately not credited to the account to this day.
Can you see that?
You redeemed the code and do not have a PRS-ORG game?
I did a PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to get them into the club, my controller fell down and I spat it out.
I received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link even though I have neither a PRS-ORG nor an account
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza)
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change that now?
The problem is the data from the predecessor, I don't have any of that.
and I need to change it as fast as possible because of the EC card payments and
do not have a telephone hotline
Unfortunately not from its predecessor
we would have to register completely, so to speak
Or what idea do they have?
Ok and how or where do I do that?
and how does it look if, for example, the pizza drivers have to take the device with them?
ok, thank you. I will try it. If I have any questions, I will get back to you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Same here!
I spent €20 twice on 31.10 for PRS-ORG, but never received a transfer.
No, I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or get my money back.
I bought them, but I didn't receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
Through the PSN Store on PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
I have both receipts.
Hello, I can't finish my shopping for a few days.
How can the error be fixed?
EMAIL
This must have been on 3.01.
type the credit card number again?
Unfortunately, it did not work.
No, my patience is over for today.
I have something else to do.
Maybe I will take another system.
Schade was always very happy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
Below a 12.
I have already checked whether there was a block, but my history does not show one.
Correct.
The game does not start, although it did so without any problems so far.
System is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
It didn't work with my two sons either.
They have different e-mail addresses, but are united under my account as children.
I will try that and get back to you.
I purchased PRS-ORG in order to use the advertised cross-play in F1 22.
However, you cannot play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore, I demand a refund and cancellation of the subscription on NAME-M.
If this is made up for, I will be more than happy to be a customer again.
EMAIL
I exchange with other ALPHANUMERICID drivers what you have already achieved again, instead of enjoying the new part with everyone.
Otherwise, things are going well and I am grateful for the request.
How was your day?
Are they annoying many people?
Isn't it lousy for PRS-ORG to have problems, and constantly have to help people?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always great.
Green is the colour of hope, isn't it?
What is going to happen here now?
I didn't want to do more than that.
I wish all the best to you and your mother, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I am just in a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case and you have sent me a code (to verify me) by email so that you can forward the problem.
When I returned to the page from PRS-ORG the chat was gone.
Here is the code, in case you can use it somehow.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG, I thought.
Yes, I know, it's about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Yes, I know, it's about my brother, who is 11 years old, that's why I am contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But I don't see a 6-digit code in my e-mail.
What do I have to do now?
ebook
I loaded a title via Onleihe on my PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG - unfortunately, the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for it
I carried out the authorization normally beforehand
One title is "An Immoral Special Offer"
Yes exactly, I use
I
I will try it again and otherwise I will report this case again separately
Thank you.
Unfortunately it did not work out again, who can I turn to?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp.
Will you help me?
If you use the PRS-ORG trial access, you cannot use the web app.
I get this message when I start the web app
Why is this so?
my PSN account is:
rs19-07
do you also need my PRS-ORG e-mail?
All clear, thank you.
Thank you, that is very nice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I'm pretty pissed off right now.
I was just chatting with one of my colleagues, and after I followed his advice, I can't even get into my PC.
PRS-ORG has pulled an update.
Now my regular password no longer works
It was, yes.
But now PRS-ORG no longer starts and I no longer have access to the PC because it now apparently wants a PRS-ORG password which I don't have!
I had a number before.
Numeric code
Now I can't even pay any more.
Something simple has become a huge problem!!!
Fuck again
But I don't have a NAME-M
I lost it together with my note for passwords
Alex, this cannot be true!!!
It was all just because of the great tips of her colleague!!!
Thank you very much
What nonsense is he telling me then.
This can take forever again now
Yes.
Redirect me to the corresponding PRS-ORG service!
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is, how can I help you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG and it's locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it should be exchanged.
Now I am on the move and do not have the device with me.
I will probably have to call again.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I'll get back to you when I can read off the serial number.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would like to ask you to update it so that I can change the login data and a copy of the invoices can also be sent to me.
It is now called EMAIL
Exactly.
Before it was EMAIL and now the one above.
And my website is now URL, but I could not change this for the invoices, etc.
I'm concerned that I change my login data and that I receive a copy of the invoice again.
Yes, I am, it took a while to write:-)
I sent an e-mail a few days ago, but I haven't received an answer yet.
but I'll write one more, thank you so much :-)
Thank you.
No thanks :-) Have a nice day!
Best regards,
Dear Sir or Madam,
I bought several PRS-ORG on January 01, 2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I am asking for an examination and a refund.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, one of them is "Bloody Fetters"
I did get all the books, however, as I was asked to try again when I first ordered.
But I will be happy to wait for your feedback.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would not like to send back a SumUp I ordered first.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: with the PRS-ORG I can enter the sum at the terminal and don't need an extra app to do so, right?
Second question: how does the return process work?
Exactly, I want to send that air back.
After that I order the PRS-ORG.
Of course, it takes 10 more minutes until I am back at the device.
Will the NAME-M not go to waste?
Not that I have to start all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-F
I am fine.
I would very much like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC does not have a CD drive.
Can I download PRS-ORG somewhere or will PRS-ORG be downloadable one day again?
That means I can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on a different PC?
Can I save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no way at all?
Okay, then I will look... perhaps a solution can be found.
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I have not received the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I want the points that were promised to me in the version?
But why don't I receive them from the 27th?
Ok.
Thank you.
I wait.
I am annoyed that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and I don't make wars.
I just want them to come as fast as possible.
Otherwise, early access doesn't bring me anything.
Okay.
Thank you first of all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here.
I wanted to ask what the problem is... I have been playing since the release+early access PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG, and the transfer market (Web App/Companion App) is still not unlocked... something can't be right... I would really need it... Best regards
and YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day
Yes, exactly.
yes, but I have been playing for 3 weeks
How can it be that it is still not unlocked...
play every day actively
There is something wrong with that.
What happens if I'm not activated within 1 month?
can you help me?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or do both have to be actively played, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you
Have a nice day, and I hope this finally goes through soon.... really stupid system you have there with the "play-through" requirement.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thanks, it works, except that you can help me. This morning I wanted to load 12k points via the web app ALPHANUMERICID, unfortunately I clicked ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the battle.
Now I want to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because that is ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super nice and kind if you could do that.
I've been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you're interested in my age, I'm 46.
Yes
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved me the day and I am extremely grateful to you.
In the future, I will check 3 times what I clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Okay, one moment please.
Great, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are here.....
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We are unable to establish a mobile network connection.
We have already restarted, taken the SIM card out and put it back in, tried different locations, but it doesn't work.
However, it is possible with the WLAN.
PHONENUMBER
will be deleted...
starts again
I logged in, now he's looking again.
connected to the wlan
It works
also with the mobile radio network
can you tell me why it works now?
So that we can avoid the mistake.
We have had the error since yesterday and suddenly it works again?
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Thank you, I'm glad about it
On PRS-ORG, yes
That's not the problem
I can log into the servers without any problems.
However, when the audwhl of the game statuses comes and I press OK, my game is, I suspect, too zoomed in.
I can't see anything
NAME-M then I'm curious, thank you for your help
No, otherwise it worked, but it confused me
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I should not have done so.
But honestly, who pays attention to small print when you're moving house.
I bought the game especially more expensive.
And of course I also want to be able to take advantage of my advantage
Anyway, a new pack will be coming.
Should I not worry?
Very nice.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the club name in Goals.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
To be precise, it is about the short form that you then see at the top in the game.
E-Mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or PRS-ORG account is also RufusNasedo.
I think I confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to still have this changed through the support?
Typical of the company in terms of customer service, but still, thanks.
That is all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I just chatted with one of your colleagues
my game doesn't start anymore after the update
NAME-M I am ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email, this is the code
What exactly?
EMAIL
Well, after today's update, the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG is open and wants to start and does not go
graphics driver reinstalled the newest one
Repair the game
No more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, with the PRS-ORG desktop app, I was told that I would receive 4600 PRS-ORG with the title "More PRS-ORG" when I bought PRS-ORG, I bought it and didn't get points
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you.
Did you write a follow-up?
I think I got one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When will I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just finished the PRS-ORG abo
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version
but I was shown that I get with PRS-ORG 4600
Can I cancel PRS-ORG so that I can receive my money back?
alright I'll try it, dnake
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello,
I got the message unexpectedly when logging in to PRS-ORG that the login is not possible.
I can no longer log into my account and the password reset email is not being sent again.
*is
Happy to, it is EMAIL
118850
If the code is
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will Alphanumeric be issued?
Payment 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I have not received the money
Only the final amount of 43 francs has been paid out
43.83
So the money I don't have, they have to check it, not me
Yes I have.
But I didn't get the amount of 2579.91
Hello.
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately I cannot buy books from them because I only have a PRS-ORG EC-card.
Can I also give you a standing order?
EMAIL
Until now I could not shop because I could not pay.
And out of those payment options, none of them work for me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay by EC card from the savings bank or to give them a direct debit mandate.
Even transferring money to them would be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send the purchased PRS-ORG back again.
Only if you accept one of the payment methods I have listed
I would like to thank them too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Max
Good Morning.
I bought PRS-ORG and don't have access to the PRS-ORG web app.
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I only played PRS-ORG and further older parts.
PRS-ORG not
Do I have to create a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG first?
The web app has been running for 2 days now, so I see a disadvantage in that, only on 27.09.
Get access to PRS-ORG
Where are you from?
Her grammar is not 100%, but since I am older, I can often understand the meaning.
Thank you for the help
You too
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable enable PRS-ORG
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG.
NAME-M_TEXT:Moreover, please ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you ask your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I will now put you through to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I didn't understand that.
Could you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment, I'll look it up.
I'll listen to your conversation with NAME-M now.
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, thank you for the info
Otherwise everything works perfectly.
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I looked at my app this morning and saw that my transfer market is no longer functioning, can you give me information about that?
There it says I have received an email, but unfortunately not, so I am coming to the support here.
Yes.
I have been buying and selling players through the night to earn coins so I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
As they look I also regularly buy in the PRS-ORG store, of course I am not a bot or anything else
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market
All clear, thanks for your time:)
I'm hoping for some good news.
To start the game again with joy can 😊
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68% I get the message that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There were only two options: Retry and Cancel.
For a moment, I have to start the installation again.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry copying the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
Not right now.
I try the solution of the feed.
If there is any more problem, I will contact you again.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
When I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And the ball then goes to the, within a radius of several metres, only free-standing opponent, then what is that exactly called?
>Otherwise I would not have stated it as a game PRS-ORG
Again, in understandable German please.
Your sentence just now was a terrible accident
What exactly did you want to tell me?
Yes, the situation I described to you.
Do you actually consider at least 5 minutes for every answer you write?
“The situation you mentioned is a technical bug!”
Yes, I believe that too.
However, there was exactly the same bug last year.
I reported that to you as well
Among other things, in your PRS-ORG.
And in that it was made clear to me from your PRS-ORG_rephii that all of this would be true.
And may it be so among you
One of you two doesn't seem to have handled the truth very well.
How do I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example “How can I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:Besides, please only ask one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Are you planning to return a device or is it about the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Return the device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:All right.
I am now forwarding you to one of our support employees, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment, please, I'm looking it up
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought a PRS-ORG device in order to test it out at a trade fair, but would like to return it.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on November 28th.
Unfortunately, it is at home.
Then I have to look again when I am at home.
Thank you, I will do so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help:)
All is well, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game the quest to unlock „Fleet-A-Pita“ doesn’t start, the quest should be called „Investor“.
Exactly :)
Ah yes, no.
I still don't have a NAME-M.
Then it must be that
Thank you for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but have yet to receive them to this day.
Of course.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID reads: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I need to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately the PRS-ORG Legends game is currently causing me some problems.
For about 2 weeks, there have been approx.
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, are lying down.
My own figure is not at fault.
And I can no longer exit the game at the end of the session and must start the application again.
What could be the cause of this?
The internet connection works without any problems.
I looked at all the links and we have already tried everything.
For example, the DNS server has been changed and an attempt has been made at low-load times.
In other games, it works without problems, and individual rounds also work without problems.
Could it be the servers?
The PRS-ORG is connected to the router using a cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
It is 5 m long and the cable was installed 3 days ago in order to be able to exclude the fault.
Ok, I will report the error.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
Just a moment, I'll look
I will listen now to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I have flown out of the chat with her colleague
I have a question
I have tested PRS-ORG invoices and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice now, but I would like to delete the test invoice so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice for me?
There is even a test invoice.
I have to get rid of them.
there is no booking resulting from this.
This was a test where I went too far.
no payment will be made.
I just entered it as a test.
but then it is as if I had paid
This is wrong.
can't just set my "billing area" to 0
nothing has been done yet.
Then please close my account and I will open it again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I wanted to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to sign up with another device, the password I was given did not work.
I tried to reset it, but that does not work either.
Could you please help me?
What do I need to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you so much
Unfortunately, nothing came of it.
893361
So, you will also send me an email with the password I am to use, right?
Which code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thank you very much!
I founded a PRS-ORG account with an email address many years ago that now only serves as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I inadvertently opened a second account with a different email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to merge these two accounts, because otherwise I always have to switch
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account is on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like to let everything run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
On which email address did you send the code?
To which email address did you send the code?
I didn't get anything.
I'm trying to check my spam.
Very good
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you.
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So, from that to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask me one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example "How can I change my email address?"
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Just a moment, I'll connect you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Our Support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'm looking it up.
I'm listening now to your conversation with NAME-M.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I received the confirmation email.
Thanks, everything is done for today
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was banned from the transfer market.
Alleged coin dispensing.
But which cannot be.
I preordered the PRS-ORG and have already invested 400€.
I have also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Okay.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am not aware of any guilt!
So I was still in the game last night and everything was still in order.
I also made some parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to check the transfers on the app and the message with the ban and the info on the coin transfer appeared.
I can't understand and empathize with it!
That is why I am very much hoping for your help.
I immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year at PRS-ORG.
There I was clearly hacked and blocked on the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to play Battlefield again for years and have now switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
At the start of the game the message came up that I needed to renew my password.
I did that, too, but I still don't feel like I am in the game.
The same message always appears - Change your password.
I can sign up for PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via PS Icon, I get asked to reset the password?
Exactly.
Then the message is always displayed: Change password or error message for PRS-ORG.
Despite password reset
Thank you
My e-mail is EMAIL, for the PS I have the same e-mail
OK.
I will look into it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22
I have received the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the dead item
The OTW item is missing, however, and despite logging in and out, has not appeared on my account.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, sorry, I read that wrong.
the email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I am reassured!
Thank you! :)
That's all, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
And you?
I have the problem that I can not download the German comment language in PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
I'm glad to hear that.
With great pleasure.
:-)
Thanks for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to German.
Only the comments will remain in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
But I would like the comments also in German.
Okay, thank you very much.
I will try it.
With great pleasure.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
hi
I was told I could use my token in one hour, it has been 2 hours and it still doesn't work
But how can that be, my colleague told me that I have a token.
I lost a token because of a game error?
How can I get a token without receiving one?
I even have a clip
why are they now saying something different than in other cases?
I saved a clip, how the opponent starts, press and the game exits.
and I suffer defeat.
this is not due to my internet, but to the game
Yes, because I had no other choice.
but as I see it, the colleague in front of them has written all of this down incorrectly.
I get 2 different answers from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look
I will now listen to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the touch screen button for "Pay" no longer works on my PRS-ORG device.
And I can't turn off the device because it is the same touch screen button.
I'll have to quickly see what it is called.
PRS-ORG
exactly
The lower key does not work
for more than 3 weeks now
Ok.
No.
Hello I am NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I'm doing well so far:) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
And I can't buy PRS-ORG, because the error message is: "At the checkout of PRS-ORG, a problem has occurred.
Please try again later."
is coming.
Exactly, that is correct
I try to buy points on PC or in PRS-ORG.
I tried that as well.
However, this doesn't work either.
It says that I have to earn the opportunity to join the transfer market.
But I could buy PRS-ORG without any error message a few months ago.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes I'm doing well, of course I hope you too.
I received a transfer ban this morning even though I had nothing to do with it. I have a trading list with players that I sell more expensive and there the players just go for more expensive and today I got a ban.
But when I go to my ban history, there is no email there.
If there is no history and I have not received an email why I was banned
Because this message really shocked me because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes, exactly, I can no longer use it
Of course, that would be very nice. I also recently won a NAME-M and was able to improve my team thanks to him.
And now I am blocked, that's very stupid, because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very nice.
I have to go back to work now, is it possible that I can reach you again?
I just leave the customer chat open
My card reader is broken
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please ask me only one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Sorry, it seems a mistake has occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I will now put you through to one of our support staff who will deal with your enquiry.
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'll look
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
The chip reader works.
However, when it says put in the card, the card is not read.
The problem has existed with the PRS-ORG device for about a month.
I have several customers who pay by card.
So the problem was with multiple cards.
Unfortunately, not at the moment.
Because I'm not in the store.
Gladly
Thank you.
can I also contact you by phone?
No, thanks.
They helped me a lot.
I wish you a nice working day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
Since today the problem exists in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera shifts so that it is impossible to play.
no changes were made.
The day before, everything worked fine.
I can play this game.
But since today it's unplayable with many bugs.
the camera shifts for no reason while playing
No, I get no error.
During normal gameplay, it appears suddenly.
Okay, that sounds great.
Thank you for your help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it impossible to play.
Have a nice evening.
No thanks.
Thanks a lot for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, I am fine
I hope it works for you too.
I can't get into pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
at me it always says data for pro clubs are being loaded..
How can I proofread?
review
There are only associations.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello here is NAME-M
Unfortunately, I have not found a way to give tips to the developers.
That is why I am posting this, because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG at the moment are cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
Who can I send this to?
I am looking forward to it very much.
And thank you in advance.
Thank you very much.
And have a nice day.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment, I'll look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
The email address for access to our account is the following: EMAIL.
This e-mail address will no longer be valid soon, as we have cancelled the subscriptions.
That is why we must change the e-mail address as an entry in PRS-ORG.
Can we do that ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
Payment reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have done this already and hope that we have done everything right.
Can you check this?
All clear NAME-M.
Thanks for the help and a nice day.
Kind regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, I had a great day today, I hope you did too.
I just wanted to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came that the game could not be started.
Initialization error while booting up.
If I press to play I get the error message: Can not be started.
Initialization error on booting { DEVICEID:DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}
I have already repaired the game area 2x
I just found out that it had to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disturbance.
Still, thanks for the help.
Stay healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I played draft, single player, and 2v2.
I got an error message and he was removed from the game, now I am back in and my draft is over after a game.
Ok and what do I do now, there says redeem the reward after a game?
The second time.
The first time was when the first draft was there, apparently because of the player NAME-M.
Yes there was
There was something about a system error and I was removed from PRS-ORG right away.
I then directly reported the disturbance and clicked on it
Should I redeem the reward and will I still get my draft token?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order
Yesterday I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG via the PRS-ORG store for €17.49, but I still haven't received them to this day.
What is the reason for this?
Yes, you can do that.
Do you need something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done so.
I also tried to check the webapp if the points had already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send it to them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
When I sign up, I should confirm with my old number (ends in 277) and not with my new number.
In the PRS-ORG account is my new number.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to sign up to PRS-ORG to claim various bonuses
Yes.
As I said, I can't sign up to PRS-ORG; I'm supposed to verify myself via my old mobile number, which is no longer in my account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to register at PRS-ORG and then confirm via my old mobile phone number at PRS-ORG
the problem does not lie with PRS-ORG
Somewhere in the settings of my account, my old mobile phone number is apparently still there &amp; I should verify myself with this
My email address is EMAIL
I have already entered my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up with PRS-ORG, I was able to verify myself with the new number.
Only when registering with other sites, but I'll try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and got a draft token with them.
When I wanted to start the game, the picture hung and nothing worked anymore.
So I had to restart the game.
After that, I noticed that my points and my token were gone.
This is not the first time that this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing about a connection, my connection was also fine.
But that also happens from time to time in the middle of
I am just getting logged off from the servers even though I have the internet.
Yes, my email is EMAIL
All is well, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I filed the case of my hacked account on Tuesday at 9:00 am with case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long does the processing take approximately?
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I'm fine, and how about them?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure right now.
I'm glad that they have a good day so far!
Ok, all clear, thank you, I'm looking forward to a prompt processing.
Hello, I am NAME-M.
Thanks, how about you?
My problem is this:
Since approx.
one month I can no longer start an online game in PRS-ORG despite PS+.
I've tried to do this hundreds of times, but every time I start a game, I get thrown out with the message "The connection to the opponent has been interrupted".
I have already contacted PRS-ORG customer service, but the solutions remained unsuccessful.
Now I wanted to ask if you have any more ideas on how to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course it's fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry that I haven't written in a while.
Thank you for initiating the problem solving steps.
That sounds great!
Should I try it now, if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I will try PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you very much and have a nice weekend.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I was already at PRS-ORG before and they couldn't help me.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and bought PRS-ORG so that I can hook up the game for 10 hours.
I have already logged in multiple times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and re-downloaded PRS-ORG.
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for help and have now reached the point where I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
However, I am sure that it should work any minute.
Please keep checking it for now
What do you want to tell me with it?
Yes, yes, I would like to as well.
or they refund me the 4 euros back and I wait until the 27th.
I don't want to waste any more time.
If I can't play this game even though I paid money for it again that would be very nice of you.
if they can't fix the problem by 2 people from the support
Yes, so please refund my money if nothing more happens here.
Okay, thanks.
I see, everything is clear, the email arrived, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
I spent 3 hours thank you
ne, all is well, that's enough
No, I don't like it
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I get such sick opponents with mbappe and Zidane and slles
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents at my level, please.
And why do I have such a huge momentum in my soile
Digga, I am 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still hanging
Digga, give me my money back, I also break the CD in the video.
I play PRS-ORG since I started wearing pants but what should that be
My account was hacked, a few players were sold by me and one was bought for a high price and sold for a cheap price.
The players who were gone from my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M
I changed my passwords right after that.
But I would like to have the players back again.
I have changed it now.
I'm unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I am quite okay after a long day of work.
I hope you are doing well too.
I have the following problem: today at PRS-ORG, I completed the goal Winter-Wildcards daily registration.
The last part-goal was completed today at 19:00 via SBC on the app via mobile phone.
After that I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's sign up, as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter Wildcards player pack.
But it showed that the PRS-ORG is shut down.
I looked in the shop afterwards.
However, I did not receive BOTH packs.
What can you do now to check it?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Okay, thank you very much for the information!
Then I will wait a bit.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example “How do I change my email address?”.
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:All right.
I will now forward you to one of our support employees, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
Just a moment, I'll look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to send my 3G device back.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much
No that was it :) thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M and just got out of a chat
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Can you check out what it was about through the number?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you so much to you and your colleague!
Thank you and have a nice evening you both!
No, thank you!
Ciao!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I already asked on Thursday and got this number HERE PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I am in the right place
I am NAME-M
I just want to know why I don't get the pre-order packs anymore, I got them on PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the X-factor version.
And I switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago, but I don't get these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I just received this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account with the PRS-ORG 5 as with the 4.
And when will this happen?
I just don't want to play with the PRS-ORG version anymore.
I hope that it works somehow and sometime, because 100€ was a lot of money for it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
it worked for my friends, but I'm having this problem that I can't do it
since PRS-ORG can be pre-ordered
So it has been a while.
And if you pre-order it in the game, you can get a discount of 10%.
Okay, then I'll try it this way
in the email settings?
Ok, I have activated it
Do you know how long this can last?
no that would be all
Thanks for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask when PRS-ORG for the Play can be downloaded?
Whether it may already go Wednesday 00:00?
Yes, I have, and I have even pre-ordered the €99 version.
But is there a way to know it because I would let the download run overnight.
I took an extra holiday for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG Middle Ages and Pirates on PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation from the Middle Ages worked smoothly, however, that of the pirates did not go ahead.
I've waited a few days now and wanted to play before now but I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager it says piraten download is completed
When I go to my arcade, there says "PRS-ORG medieval play and "new expansion ready to install".
then I click on pirates to download but it doesn't work.
I will now try their link and get back to you if it does not work.
thanks a lot for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts that are actually under the same email address.
One for PRS-ORG back then, and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration by email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is fine so far, but my PS account is not stored there.
Then I used the same email to register via PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked to that of my ex-boyfriend... how the hell does something like this happen?
We never connected back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data, do I get to your Acoount?!
If I enter MY registration details, I will go to HIS* account
Exactly.
I can't remove it unfortunately.
NAME-M.
Then I have to write PRS-ORG again..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M
And the problem is that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but didn't get the 4600 points
I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG but did not receive the 4600 points
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I wondered why they are not here.
I am already getting into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22.
I have pre-access.
Most of them have also already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG mode PRS-ORG, unfortunately I did not receive the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both partial tasks, but unfortunately have not received the icon pack.
Exactly
How can I get my reward now?
About 20-30 min ago.
And after 24 hours, my package should be there?
I will do so, but I have not received the pack
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, my game is not starting again... I've been here today
EMAIL
I am a little bit frustrated..
Yes, it's about PRS-ORG.
The game does not start
no the game does not start, one time I was able to start the game
no, not at all, if I press "games" the PRS-ORG is minimized briefly and then maximized again.
Nothing else happens.
I already have.
a.k.a., it works again, thank you!
