Well, that's how it is.
I had an annoying incident yesterday.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when logging in I only had 776
Ok.
Yes, I signed up via PRS-ORG app yesterday.
Then it was thrown out and at a new login the coins were gone.
I myself didn't buy anything.
Because I was online via PRS-ORG App to do SBC.
Then I was logged out there and upon logging in again the coins were gone.
Could it be that these were bought differently?
Because the whole thing happened while I was at work.
That is, it must have happened on my PRS-ORG.
As I said, at that time I was at work and was just annoyed that now my coins were gone.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thanks for the information.
Too bad that PRS-ORG cannot do anything in such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible for in-game purchases.
This is really still work in progress.
Thinking more about the customer than about profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi here is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG goals.
If you're too good (Season 1 Elite €
Can't get to the targets, as seen in the photo.
This is why experience for seasonal progress is missing.
Please automatically mark the goals as completed if a "better" goal aka div 2 has been achieved.
No it's about the season experience.
But I still get rewards, so it's not like that. 😂
So the goals will be unlocked?
Or do we get compensation because they are unattainable?
Since they apparently can't help me with the current problem, no.
Still have a nice evening.
Good morning, we want our device to work with the EC cards.
This is not possible with our device at all.
What should we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I am now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently, we supervise the outpatient clinic, so I am not always on the phone.
I will pass this on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and now in the outpatient clinic.
She will clarify the problem later from the main account.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can still not buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, that is only possible via PRS-ORG.
Please activate this feature for me as soon as possible. I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and made a lot of games in PRS-ORG, and I've also bought PRS-ORG already, but without the transfer market in the app the game is only half as fun. I am paying a lot for the game, and I want to use all features completely!
That would be great, without the feature I will not buy a PRS-ORG again.
Thank you for your help!
I've already played all the modes and already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't it be accelerated?
Too bad, it's a pity to lose the fun of the game.
Everyone can buy and sell players via the app, but yourself not.
This is really not nice, what PRS-ORG is doing there.
Since I bought every PRS-ORG in ALPHANUMERICID and was treated that way, it's not nice.
Ok, too bad, then I will try a little, let's hope it works fast.
Otherwise I don't need the game anymore.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
Thank you, I'm doing well.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher then opens a black window and closes again.
No.
I don't even get into the game.
I think it is because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked.
However, I can't cancel this.
Yes.
No.
Not before.
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to attend to another issue.
Now I am back.
Is it possible to provide item data, e.g. via CSV import, for a large number of products / services?
Yes.
The connection is still there.
I ask for some patience for my answers, because I also wait a while for the answer.
I would like to add a large number of items with descriptions, etc., using csv import all at once.
Is this function available?
I would like to create a large number of items with descriptions, etc. all at once via csv import.
Is there such a function?
The focus is on "variety".
It concerns migration from another system.
Thank you for forwarding.
Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I have a device lock because I allegedly violated the rules.
I want to get it lifted and I can at least start from scratch.
Otherwise I wouldn't know what I could do with the game.
I cannot play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to start anew at least and get a chance.
The other accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the option to create a new account and start again because otherwise I don't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I have not received an email from your team.
I would like to know NAME-N.
Otherwise I would wait 45 days.
If you can't do anything against it.
paper roll is not recognized
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I will now transfer you to one of our support employees.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you please reformulate your question, NAME-M?
The paper roll provided is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I will look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
No receipt is printed.
Yes.
Error message - the printer has no paper left.
Insert a new reel and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We connected the device only on Friday.
Is brand new and today the printer does not work anymore, because it does not recognize the paper.
It is the original roll that was delivered to the device and this one is not recognized.
Even the one in the packaging is not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to reveal your first name to me?
I hope the same to you.
Ahem, I have the following problem.
Yesterday I made a DSVGO request and now I have not received an answer.
How long will this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, so I would like a DSGVO information because I want to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Okay, then I have to wait.
I just hope that this will be clarified.
I have put a lot of money into the game and also put in a lot of effort to earn and farm the players.
Ok I will wait until I get an answer.
Okay, thank you very much for your help.
Accidentally ejected PRS-ORG
Yes, thank you, I hope the same for you.
My problem is:
Yes thank you. How are you?
I expelled a player accidentally when I completed the PRS-ORG.
Can I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG on December 20 as a gift.
I have already spoken to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG who referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not land in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was activated via the account, but unfortunately the PRS-ORG have not been credited to the account to this day.
Can you understand that?
You redeemed the code and have no PRS-ORG game?
I did PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to get them in the association, my controller fell down and I threw it away.
I have received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link without having an PRS-ORG or an account.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we have taken over the shop (pizza) PRS-ORG.
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change that now?
The problem is the data from the predecessor, I have none.
And I have to change it as quickly as possible because of the EC card payments and
Don't you have a phone hotline?
From the predecessor unfortunately not.
We would have to re-register completely so to speak.
Or what do you think?
Ok and how or where do I do that?
And how would it be if, for example, the pizza drivers have to take the device with them?
Ok, thank you. I will try it. If I have more questions, I'll contact you again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Likewise!
I have spent 20€ twice for PRS-ORG on October 31st, but I never received a transfer.
No, I would like to get either the 4400 PRS-ORG or my money back.
I bought them but did not receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
Via the PSN Store on the PRS-ORG.
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both documents.
Hello, I can not complete my purchase for a few days.
How can the error be fixed?
EMAIL
This would have been on the 3.01.
So enter the credit card number again?
Unfortunately, it did not work.
No, my patience is finished for today.
I have something else to do.
Maybe I'll take another system.
Shade was always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen appears.
Below is a 12.
I have already checked if there has been a block, but my history shows none.
Correct.
The game doesn't start, although it did so without problems so far.
The system is an PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
Although it also doesn't work with my two sons.
These have other email addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I will try that and get back to you.
I purchased PRS-ORG to use the advertised crossplay in F1 22.
But you can't play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore I am asking for a refund and cancellation of the subscription.
If the situation is resolved, I will gladly be a customer again.
EMAIL
I'm talking to other league drivers of the ALPHANUMERICID what you've already done again instead of enjoying the new part with everyone.
Otherwise, I am fine and I thank you for asking.
How was your day?
Does it bother a lot of people?
Isn't it bad for PRS-ORG to have problems constantly helping people?
NAME-M (:
A bouquet of flowers is always something wonderful.
Green stands for the color of hope, does it?
How can we continue?
I didn't want any more than that.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I have just started a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case and you sent me a code (to verify me) by email so that you forward the problem.
When I'm back on the page of PRS-ORG, the chat was gone.
Here is the code if you can use it somehow.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG, I thought.
Yes, I know that. My brother is 11 years old, that's why I am contacting you.
His email address is: EMAIL
Yes, I know. It's about my brother who is eleven years old. That's why I contact you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But in my email there is no 6-digit code.
What do I have to do now?
ebook
I have downloaded a title about PRS-ORG via Onleihe to my PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for this
But I have performed the authorization normally beforehand.
A title is "An immoral special offer."
Yes exactly, that I use.
I do.
I will try again and otherwise I will report this case separately again.
Thank you!
Unfortunately, it didn't work again, to whom can I turn?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the web app.
You can help me?
The user of the PRS-ORG trial access cannot use the web app.
This is the message I get when I start the web app.
Why is this so?
My PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG e-mail?
Alright, thanks.
Thank you, that is very nice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I'm pretty pissed off right now.
I just chatted with one of their colleagues and after following his advice, I can't even log in to my PC.
PRS-ORG has pulled an update.
Now my normal password doesn't work anymore.
That's right.
But now PRS-ORG no longer starts and I no longer have access to the PC because it now apparently wants a PRS-ORG password that I don't have! ,,
I had a number or.
Numeric code
Now I can't even enter the payment.
Something very simple has become a big problem!!!
Damn again.
But NAME-M I do not.
Is lost to me along with my note pad for passwords
Alex, this cannot be true!!!
Just because of the great tips of their colleague!!!
Thank you very much.
What nonsense is he telling me there.
That can take forever now.
Yes.
Please forward me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is , how can I help you?
Hello, I bought an PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it must be replaced.
Now I'm on the go and don't have the device with me.
I will probably have to contact you again.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no further questions.
I'll contact you later when I can read off the serial number.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning!
My email address has changed and I would ask you to update this so that I can change the login data and a copy can also be sent to me for the invoices.
It is now called EMAIL
Exactly.
Before it was EMAIL and now the one stated above.
And my website is now URL, but I could change this for the invoices etc. myself.
I'm just worried that I will pass my login data and get a copy again on the invoice.
Yes I am, it took a while to write:-)
I already sent an email a few days ago but haven't received any answer so far.
But I write again once, thank you so much :-)
Thank you!
No, thank you. :-) Have a nice day!
Regards,
Dear Sir or Madam,
I bought several PRS-ORG on 01.01.2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount was paid twice.
I kindly request an examination and reimbursement.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, one of these books is "Bloody Fetters".
But I got all the books, because I was asked to try again with the first order.
But I look forward to your feedback.
Thank you very much for your effort.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would like to not send a previously ordered sum up back.
I order the PRS-ORG for that.
First question: With the PRS-ORG, I can enter the sum at the terminal and don't need an app that I need to use, right?
Second question: how does that work with the return?
Exactly, I want to return the air.
After that, I order the PRS-ORG.
Gladly, it takes another 10 minutes until I'm back with the device.
Isn't the NAME-M lost?
Not that I have to start over again from the beginning.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
I'm fine.
I would very much like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC doesn't have a CD drive.
Can I download PRS-ORG anywhere or will it be available for download at PRS-ORG one day?
That means you can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on a different PC?
Can I save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no way at all?
Okay, then I'll look... maybe a way can be found.
Thanks a lot anyway!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG yesterday on the Series S.
However, I have not received the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought PRS-ORG yesterday on the series s and downloaded it.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I would like to have the points that were promised to me in the version?
Why don't I get them as of the 27th?
OK.
Thank you.
I'm waiting.
I'm annoyed that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and I can't manage my own.
I just want them to come as quickly as possible.
Otherwise, the early access won't bring me anything.
OK.
Thank you in advance.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I wanted to ask what fails.... I've been playing PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG since the release+early access. The transfer market (web app/companion app) is still not unlocked... something can't be right... I really need it... Best regards.
And yes, I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day.
Yes, exactly.
Yes, but I play for 3 weeks.
How is it possible that it has not been unlocked yet...
I play every day actively.
Something is not working.
If I am not unlocked after 1 month, what then?
Can you then help?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or both must be played actively, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you.
Have a nice day. Hope this will finally work out soon... it is really a ridiculous system you have there with "earning".
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thanks, it's working. But, may I ask for your help? I wanted to recharge 12k points via the web app today, but accidentally clicked on ALPHANUMERICID.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because that's ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super nice if you could do that.
I have been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you are interested in my age, I am 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved me the day, and for that I am extremely grateful to you.
In the future I will check 3 times what I have clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Ok, one moment please.
Great, thank you very much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We can't establish a connection to the mobile network.
We have already restarted, took out the sim card and put it back in, different locations, but it doesn't work.
But it is possible to wifi.
PHONENUMBER
Is switched off...
Startes again
I logged in, now it searches again.
Connected to the Wi-Fi.
It works.
Even with the mobile network.
Can you tell me why it works now?
So we can avoid the error.
We had the error yesterday and all of a sudden it works again???
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Thank you, I'm glad too.
On PRS-ORG yes.
This is not the problem.
I can log in to the servers without any problem.
However, if the audwhl of the game saves comes and I press OK, my game is, I guess, zoomed too close.
So I can't see anything
NAME-M then I am curious, thank you very much for your help.
No, it was just that it confused me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I drew the OTW card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I shouldn't have done that.
But quite honestly, who reads the fine print when playing the game.
I bought the game more expensive.
And would of course like to be able to exploit my advantage.
So in any case, a new pack will come.
Do I need to worry?
Very nice.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have changed the club name in Goals.
The task is also complete, but the club name has not changed.
To be more precise, it is about the short form that you can see at the top in the game.
E-mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo.
I think I confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there any way to still have it changed via support?
Typical for the company in terms of customer service again, but thanks anyway.
There is nothing else to add.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I have already chatted with a colleague from you.
My game no longer starts after the update.
I am NAME-M ^^
724742
Your colleague has just sent me the email that is the code.
What exactly?
EMAIL
Well, after the update today the game doesn't start anymore.
Open PRS-ORG and try to start it, but it doesn't work.
Installed the latest graphics driver.
Repair the game.
Nothing else.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, the PRS-ORG desktop app told me that I will receive 4600 PRS-ORG with the heading "More PRS-ORG" when I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and didn't receive any points
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you.
Did you write a message?
I think I received one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When will I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just completed the PRS-ORG  abo.
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version.
But I was told I would get 4600 PRS-ORG.
Can I then cancel PRS-ORG so that I get my money back?
Alright, I'll try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to reveal your first name?
Hello,
I unexpectedly received the message while logging into PRS-ORG that login is not possible.
I can no longer log in to my account and the email for password recovery is obviously not sent again.
*will
Gladly, this is EMAIL
118850
The code is
Okay, thank you so much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When does "Beleg ALPHANUMERICID" become available?
Payment 36
2.579,91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I have not received the money.
Only the last amount of 43 francs is paid.
43.83
So I don't have the money, they have to check it, not me.
Yes, that is what I have.
But the amount of 2579.91 I did not receive.
Hello,
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I cannot buy books from you because I only have a PRS-ORG EC card.
Can I also give you a debit authorization?
EMAIL
So far I couldn't shop yet because I couldn't pay.
And none of these payment options applies to me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay via the EC card of the Sparkasse or to give you a debit authorization.
Even transferring the money to you would also be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send the purchased PRS-ORG back again.
Only to grant me one of the payment options I listed.
Thank you also to you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I bought myself an PRS-ORG and do not have access to the PRS-ORG web app
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I only played PRS-ORG and older parts.
PRS-ORG not
Do I have to first do an PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
The web app has been running for 2 days now, so I see a disadvantage in that, only on 27.09.
To get access to PRS-ORG.
Where are you from?
Your grammar is not 100%, but since I'm older I can often infer the meaning.
Thank you very much for the help!
You too.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
We want to enable PRS-ORG
we want to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:In addition, please always ask only one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
One moment, I will now transfer you to one of our support employees.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you please reformulate your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I'm looking up
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
We want to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as an APM.
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, thank you very much for the info.
Otherwise, everything works perfectly.
Good day my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to reveal your first name?
This morning, I noticed on my app that my transfer market is no longer functioning, can you give me information on this?
There it says I would have received an email, but I haven't, so I came here to contact support.
Yes.
I have been through the night buying and selling players to earn coins so that I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I did too many actions?
EMAIL
As you can see, I also buy regularly in the PRS-ORG store, of course I am not a bot or anything else.
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market.
All right, thanks for your time :)
I hope for good news.
To start the game again with joy 😊
I wish you a beautiful weekend, NAME-M. 👍
I can't install the game "Battle for Middle Earth 2"
As soon as I reach 68%, I get the message that the file CS01
vp6 is missing.
There I only have the options Try again and Cancel.
One moment, I have to start the installation again for that.
Yes, it's at 68% now.
I am still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it's just at 68%.
I am waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
No, not at the moment.
I will try the solution of the feed.
If there is still a problem, I will contact you again.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
When I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And the ball then goes left to the only opponent that stands alone in a circle of several meters. How exactly is that called?
>Otherwise, I would not have specified PRS-ORG as a game.
In understandable German, please.
Your sentence was just a terrible accident.
What exactly did you want to tell me?
Yes, the situation I described to you.
Do you consider at least 5 min with each answer what you write?
"The situation you mentioned to me is a technical bug!"
Yes, I believe that as well.
However, there was exactly the same bug last year.
I also reported that to you.
Among other things, in your PRS-ORG.
And from your PRS-ORG_rephii I got the impression that all of that might be true.
And is desired by you.
One of you two obviously didn't tell the truth.
How do I return the PRS-ORG Card Reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my e-mail address?"
NAME-M_TEXT:Also please always ask only one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Do you want to send a device back, or is it about the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:OK.
I will now transfer you to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
A moment please, I look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
Hi NAME-N, thanks.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to try it out at a stand, but would like to return it again.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 28.11.
Unfortunately, it is at home.
Then I have to look again when I'm at home.
Thank you, I will do that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
All right, how are you?
In my Simpsons game does not start the quest to unlock "Fleet-A-Pita", the quest would have to be called "Investors".
Exactly.
Achso, nein.
NAME-M is something I don't have yet.
Then it will definitely be there.
Thank you for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but did not get them until today.
You're welcome.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N.
Thank you!
What exactly do I have to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG Legends is currently causing me some problems.
Since about 2 weeks approx.
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, are lying.
My character itself isn't lagging.
And at the end of the round, I can't get out of the game anymore and have to restart the application.
What could be the reason for this?
The internet connection works without any problems.
I looked at all the links and we've already tried everything.
For example, I changed the DNS server and tried it during low load times.
With other games it works without any problems and individual rounds work without any problems either.
Could it be the servers?
The PRS-ORG is directly connected to the router via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m, the cable has been laid freshly 3 days ago to be able to exclude the error.
Ok, I will report the error.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
A moment please, I'll check.
I am now following your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I was kicked out of the chat with your colleague.
I have a concern.
I have tested PRS-ORG invoices and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice now, but I want the test invoice deleted so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice?
It says "Extra test invoice" there.
I have to get rid of it.
No entry results from this.
That was a test in which I went too far.
No payment will be made.
I only entered it as a test.
But then it's as if I had paid.
That's wrong.
Can't you just set my "billing area" to 0?
Nothing has been done yet.
Then please close my account and I will open a new one.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I wanted to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After I tried to sign up with another device, the assigned password did not work.
I tried to reset it, but that doesn't work either.
Can you please help me?
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you so much.
Unfortunately, nothing arrived again.
893361
So, there's another email with the password to use?
What code?
That I sent to you?
The number code?
It works, thank you very much!
I founded a PRS-ORG account many years ago with an email address that only serves me as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I inadvertently opened a second account with another email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to combine these two accounts because I always have to switch between them.
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like everything to run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
On which email address did you send the code?
To which mail address did you send the code?
I didn't get anything there.
I'll check my spam folder.
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Isn't that the case?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from there to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask me one question at a time, so that I don't get mixed up.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
One moment, I will forward you now.
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Our support staff can change your e-mail address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will check.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much, I received the confirmation email.
Thank you, everything is done for today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to reveal your first name to me?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was banned on the marketplace.
Alleged coin delivery.
But that can't be.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and already invested 400€.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there?
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
OK.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am not aware of any guilt!
So, I was still in the game last night and everything was in order.
I also did some park transfers.
This morning I wanted to see the transfer on the app and there was the notification with the ban and the info regarding coin forwarding.
I can't understand it and follow it up!
That's why I'm hoping very much for your help.
So I immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
I was hacked and blocked on the transfer market.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
Wanted to play Battlefield again after years and switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
When starting the game, I received a message that I needed to renew the password.
I did that too, but I still can't get into the game.
The same message comes- Change password.
I can log in at PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via PS Icon, do I get the message "Reset Password"?
Exactly.
Then you always get a message to renew the password or an error to PRS-ORG.
Despite the password reset.
Thank you.
My e-mail is EMAIL. For the PS I have the same e-mail
Ok.
I will look into it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition of PRS-ORG22.
I received the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the toot item.
However, the OTW item is missing and has not appeared in my account despite signing in and out.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, I'm sorry, I read that over.
The e-mail address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I'm relieved!
Thank you! :)
That was all, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I'm fine.
And how are you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German comment language in PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
I'm glad.
Very gladly.
:-)
Thank you for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
But I would like to have the comments in German as well.
Okay, thank you so much.
I will try it.
Very gladly.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi!
I was told I can use my token in one hour, it's been 2 hours and it still hasn't gone through.
But how can that be, your colleague told me that I have a token.
I lost a token because of a game error????????
How can I get a token if I don't get one?
I even have a clip.
Why are you telling me something different now than in other cases?
I have saved a clip as the opponent's start drück and the game leaves
And I get a defeat
It is not due to my Internet but due to the game.
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I see it, the colleague before you has written all this wrong.
I get 2 different statements from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will check.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, my PRS-ORG device no longer functions the touchscreen button to "pay".
And I can't turn off the device then because it is the same touch screen button.
I have to quickly see what it's called.
PRS-ORG
Exactly.
The lower key does not work.
Since 3 weeks now.
OK.
No.
Hello I am NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I'm doing okay so far:) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
I am not able to buy a PRS-ORG because the error message says, "There was a problem at the checkout of PRS-ORG.
Please try again later."
Happens.
Exactly, that's right.
I try to buy points on PC or in PRS-ORG.
I also tried that.
However, that also doesn't work.
I receive the message that I have to earn the right to access the transfer market.
However, I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any error message a few months ago.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well, and of course I hope you are too.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I have nothing to do with it. I have a TRADING list with players that I sell more expensive and there the players just go for a more expensive way and today I got a ban.
But when I go to my Ban History there is no email.
There is no history there and I also didn't receive an email why I was banned.
Because this message really shocked me because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes, exactly, I can't use it anymore
All right, that would be very nice since I also drew NAME-M recently and was able to improve my team with him.
And now I'm locked out, which is very bad because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes that would be very nice.
I have to go back to work now, is it possible in any way for me to get in touch with you again?
I'll let the customer chat just open.
My card reader is faulty.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, “How can I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Also, please always ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, an error seems to have occurred.
A moment, I will forward you to one of our support employees who will take care of your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will check.
I am looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Chip reader works.
However, when it says "insert card," the card is not read.
The problem has been going on with the PRS-ORG device for about a month.
I have several customers who pay with card.
Thus, the problem had to do with multiple cards.
Unfortunately not at the moment.
Because I'm not in the store.
Of course.
Thank you!
Can you also be contacted by phone?
No, thanks.
You have helped me a lot.
I wish you a nice working day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to reveal your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
Since today the problem has existed in Need for Speed Unbound.
The in-game camera is shifted so that it is impossible to play.
No changes were made.
The days before, everything ran without problems.
I can play this game.
But since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
The camera shifts for no reason while playing.
No, I don't get any error.
During normal playing it happens all of a sudden.
Ok, that sounds great.
Thank you for the help.
Unfortunately, it is not playable with this bug.
Have a nice evening.
No, thank you.
Thank you very much for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, I am fine.
I hope so as well.
I can't get in pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
The message always says that pro clubs data is being loaded.
How can I search it again?
Check it out!
There are only clubs.
they are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello here is NAME-M
Unfortunately I have not found a way to give tips to the developers.
Therefore, I am registering here, because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG are currently the cheaters and smurfers.
I would like to suggest a good solution.
To whom can I send this?
Very happy to wait for it.
And thank you in advance.
Super thank you very much.
And have a nice day.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I'll look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
Our e-mail address to access our account is: EMAIL.
This email address will soon no longer be valid, because we have terminated the subscriptions.
That is why we have to change the mail address at PRS-ORG as the access.
Can we do that ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
The payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have already done this and hope that we did everything correctly.
Can you check that if possible?
All clear, NAME-M.
Thanks for the help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, I had a great day today, I hope you did too.
I was just about to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came up that the game cannot be started.
Initialization error when booting up.
If I press play, I get the error message: Can't start.
Booting initialization error { DEVICEID: DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}
I've also already repaired the game area twice.
I just found out that it was because of my antivirus.
Sorry for the trouble.
Nevertheless, thank you for the help.
Stay healthy NAME-F.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
I played draft, single player and in the 2.
I got an error message and he was kicked out of the game, now I'm back in and my draft is finished, after playing one game.
Ok, and what should I do now, because it says claim reward after a game.
For the second time.
The first time it happened the first draft was there it happened because of the player NAME-M
Yes, there was.
There was something about a system error and I was immediately logged out of PRS-ORG.
I reported the problem immediately by clicking on it.
Should I claim the reward and will I still get my draft token back?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Moin my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order.
And I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG for 17.49€ via the PRS-ORG store yesterday, but I haven't received them yet.
What is the problem?
Yes, you can do that.
Do you need anything from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that.
In addition, I tried to check through the web app if the points have already arrived but without success.
And where should I send it then?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG.
But when I sign up I have to confirm with my old number (ends on 277) and not with my new number.
My new number is in my PRS-ORG account.
And I no longer have access to my old one.
I would like to log in at PRS-ORG to claim various bonuses.
Yes.
As I said, I cannot sign up for PRS-ORG. Since I should verify it with my old mobile phone number that is no longer in the account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account.
I want to log in to PRS-ORG and then confirm my PRS-ORG old mobile number
The problem is not with PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in your settings of my account my old mobile number seems to be available and I should verify it with this.
My email address is EMAIL.
I already indicated my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up with PRS-ORG, I could verify with the new number.
Only when logging into other sites, not but I'll try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
I had 300 PRS-ORG and got a draft token with it.
When I tried to start the game, the image hung and nothing worked anymore.
So that I had to restart the game.
After that, I noticed that my points and the token are gone.
This is not the first time that this kind of thing happens to me!
What should I do now?
There was no mention of a connection. My connection was fine.
But this happens from time to time in the middle of the game.
When I'm simply logged off from the servers even though the internet is working.
Yes, my email is EMAIL
Everything is fine, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I filed the case regarding my hacked account with the case number: #PHONENUMBER on Tuesday 9:00 a.m.
How long does the processing take approx?
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I am doing well, and how about you?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure right now.
I'm glad you're having a nice day so far!
Okay, clear, thank you, I look forward to a prompt processing.
Hello, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, and you?
My problem is as follows:
Since approx.
In a month I can no longer start an online game in PRS-ORG despite PS+.
I must have tried it hundreds of times already, but every time I start a game, I get booted out with the message "The connection to the opponent was disconnected".
I have already contacted PRS-ORG customer service, but the proposed solutions were unsuccessful.
Now I wanted to ask if you have any other ideas to solve my problem...
Okay, thanks, of course that's okay!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry, that I haven't written for a long time.
Thank you for initiating the steps to solve the problem.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it right away and see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you!
I will try PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you and a nice weekend.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I was already with PRS-ORG but they could not help me.
I preordered PRS-ORG and I also got PRS-ORG to get 10 hours of play to hook on.
I have already logged in multiple times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and re-downloaded PRS-ORG.
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for help and have since come to the point that I would like to get a refund for my PRS-ORG subscription.
However, I am sure that it should work sometime in the next minute.
Please continue to check it for the time being.
What do you want to say to me with this?
Yes, I would like to too.
Or you will refund me the 4 euros back and I will wait until the 27th.
I don't have any more time to waste.
Yes well, if I can't play this game although I paid money for it, that would be really nice of you.
If this issue can't be solved from 2 people in the support.
Yes, so please refund my money if nothing happens here anymore.
Okay, thank you.
Yes, all clear. The email was received, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
Wasted 3 hours. Thanks to you.
No, that's all right, it's enough.
No, I do not like it.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I always get such crappy opponents with Mbappe, Zidane and all the rest?
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents at my level, please.
And why do I have such crazy momentum in my soiel?
Seriously, I'm 2 meters in front of the goal and I hit the post.
Now the game is still hanging.
Dude, give me my money back, I also break the CD in the video.
I have been playing PRS-ORG since I make myself look stupid, but what's the point.
My account was hacked. A few players were sold by me and one was bought at a high price and was sold for the rejection price.
The players who were away from my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M
I changed my passwords immediately afterwards.
But I would like to have those players back.
I have now changed it.
I have signed out from fut.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm doing fine after a long day at work.
I hope you are also doing well.
I have the following problem: I completed the goal "Winter Wildcards daily entries" today at PRS-ORG.
The last part-goal I completed today via SBC after 19:00 on the app via mobile phone.
Then I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's registration, as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter Wildcards player pack.
But it was displayed there that the PRS-ORG is completed.
I then checked the store.
However, I did not receive both packs.
What can you do now? Can you check this?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username.
Okay, thank you very much for the information!
Then I'll wait a little longer.
Thanks for the information and have a nice evening.
No, thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Send back the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example "How can I change my email address?".
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Alright.
I will now transfer you to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
A moment please, I will look it up.
I am now attending your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to return my 3G device.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much!
No, that was it. :) Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M and just got out of a chat
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Can you look up what it was about by the number?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you very much to you and your colleague!
Thank you very much and a nice evening to you both!
No, thank you!
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I already asked on Thursday and got this number here PHONENUMBER.
I hope you can help me and I'm in the right place.
I am NAME-M
I just want to know why I can no longer get the pre-order packs, on the PRS-ORG 4 I received them, I had pre-ordered the X-Factor version.
And switched to Playstation5 3 weeks ago but did not receive these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I just got this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account with PRS-ORG 5 as with PRS-ORG 4.
And when will that happen?
I can't and now I don't want to play with the PRS-ORG version anymore.
I hope that works somehow and someday, because 100€ was a lot of money for that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
With my friends it worked but with me this problem occurred that it does not work.
since you can pre-order PRS-ORG
so already a little longer
If you preorder it in the game, you also get a discount of 10%.
Okay, then I'll try it this way.
in email preferences?
Ok, I have enabled it.
Do you know how long it can take?
No, that would be all.
Thank you for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask after when PRS-ORG can be downloaded for it Play?
Whether it is already possible Wednesday at 00:00 ?
Yes, that's me, I even preordered the 99 euro version.
But is there a way to find out because I would let the download run overnight.
I took a vacation just for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG Middle Ages and Pirates via PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation of the Middle Ages worked smoothly but the pirates didn't work.
I have now waited for some days and wanted to play before now, but I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you!
I could only see PRS-ORG.
Under download manager, it says that the Pirates download is completed.
When I go to my game room it says "PRS-ORG play middle age" and "new extension ready to install".
Then I click on pirates and download it, but it doesn't work.
I will try their link now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
Thank you very much for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts, which actually run under the same email address.
One for PRS-ORG, and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration by e-mail leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is OK so far, but my PS account is not saved there.
Then I registered via PRS-ORG registration with the same email and my account is linked with my EX-boyfriend's account. How the hell does that work?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data, I come to your Acoount?!
If I enter MY registration details, do I get to HIS* account?
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I cannot remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I have to write PRS-ORG again..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M
And I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG but did not receive the 4600 points.
And now I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG but did not receive 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I'm wondering why they're not there.
I am already getting into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22 now.
I already have early access.
Most of them have also already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to reveal your first name to me?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M.
I have completed a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG mode, unfortunately I did not receive the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both partial tasks, but unfortunately did not receive the icon pack.
Exactly
How can I now receive my reward?
About 20-30 minutes ago.
And after 24 h my pack should be there?
I will do that, but I didn't receive the pack.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, I'm NAME-M, my game is not starting again... I was already here today
EMAIL
I'm a bit frustrated..
Yes, it is about PRS-ORG.
The game won't start.
No, the game does not start, once, I could start the game.
No, not at all. If I press "games," PRS-ORG will be briefly minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing happens.
I have already done that.
Ah, it works again, thank you!
