🤝 Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het lijkt erop dat je problemen ondervindt dat je game niet in je account wordt weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ah! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Dit kan reden tot bezorgdheid geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Ik zal mijn best doen om je zo goed mogelijk te helpen met je probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
2 Mag ik je PRS-ORG en het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
👍 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik wil je graag informeren dat je PRS-ORG niet aan deze e-mail is gekoppeld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Mag ik alle mogelijke e-mails weten die aan je PRS-ORG-Account zijn gekoppeld? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik zal om wat informatie over je PRS-ORG-account vragen om het te verifiëren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Hier is alles wat ik nodig heb: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geef de onderstaande informatie zoals bijgewerkt op het account dat we proberen te herstellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​Houd er rekening mee dat het vereiste IP IPv4 is van deze website URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1) IP-adres (netwerk waarop je speelt): 2) Geboortedatum (verstrekt tijdens het aanmaken van een account): 3) Een aankoop op het account en aankoopdatum (maand/jaar): 4) Laatste 4 cijfers van de creditcard: 5) Factuuradres: 6) Telefoonnummer: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
1 ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Wil je je PRS-ORG-account verwijderen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Geen zorgen, laat me je helpen om het PRS-ORG-abonnement te annuleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% goed? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Geef me een momentje alsjeblieft. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
10 Bedankt voor je geduld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb het PRS-ORG-abonnement geannuleerd en nu wordt er geen bedrag meer afgetrokken van je account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om je vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank voor je tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/06/2021 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Ik zal zeker de PRS-ORG-punten controleren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​overdracht probleem voor u. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten voor het PRS-ORG-Account alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
10 Bedankt voor het e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ik heb een verificatie e-mail gestuurd, controleer alsjeblieft of je deze hebt ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
De e-mail heeft als onderwerp "Verifieer eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" en je hebt het mogelijk in je inbox of map met ongewenste e-mail ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
Oh geweldig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​NAME-M, je kunt de punten overzetten met behulp van die functie De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Dus je zou nu alles goed moeten zijn De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Groot bedankt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een geweldige ervaring om je te helpen, ik hoop dat jij hetzelfde hebt gehad. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
12/1/2021 Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-08 Een fijne dag verder, blijf veilig en zorg goed voor je dierbaren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👋 Hoe gaat het vandaag met je? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
1 Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1: Je hebt een mooie naam! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1 van mijn beste vrienden heet zoals jij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het lijkt erop dat we problemen hebben met de toegang tot de web-app van PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
✎. Klopt dat?
​Het zou me een genoegen zijn om je te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat je het probleem hebt bevestigd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Wees gerust, ik zal mijn hulp graag aanbieden bij het openen van de PRS-ORG web app door te zeggen: je hebt geen clubs tijdens het inloggen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We zullen het probleem controleren en je helpen om weer toegang te krijgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geweldig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kunnen we nu toegang krijgen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het was leuk om te praten met een PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​zo'n liefhebber als jij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Fijn je te spreken! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt voor je medewerking, is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten NAME-M English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik doe het goed, bedankt voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Kan ik het probleem in detail weten?
​Geen zorgen, ik zal zeker kijken naar de opties om je te helpen bij het krijgen van toegang tot de web-app. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Geef me alstublieft het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Nice to meet you NAME-N, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie heeft de afgelopen jaren een aantal initiatieven ontplooid om de toegang tot de markt voor de diensten van de informatiemaatschappij te verbeteren.
2. Ik zal je bestelgeschiedenis controleren om je verder te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik weten of dit je PRS-ORG e-mailadres is: EMAIL? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​De bestelling is nog steeds in behandeling vanwege de lopende betaling. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1. Meld je aan bij je account op URL en log in. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Zodra je ingelogd bent, ga je met de muis over je PRS-ORG ID in de benedenhoek van het scherm en klik je op PRS-ORG-Account en facturering om naar je instellingen te gaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​Je vindt je bestelgeschiedenis daar. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Het kan even duren voordat de bestelling is verwerkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Over het algemeen werkt het onmiddellijk. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​In sommige gevallen kan dit tot 72 uur duren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
👍Oké! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
Als ik het goed begrijp, heb je per ongeluk PRS-ORG-punten voor PRS-ORG gekocht en nu wil je het overzetten naar je PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­
​Bedankt voor je bericht. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 maand geleden Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik het geregistreerde e-mailadres van je PRS-ORG-account weten om de informatie voor je te controleren?
🙂 Geen zorgen NAME-M! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het is mijn taak om onze waardevolle spelers zoals jij, NAME-M, te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Leuk je te ontmoeten NAME-F, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Nadat ik je zaak heb bekeken, heb ik begrepen dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen om je ban/schorsing aan te vechten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Stel je vragen gerust. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal je zeker helpen met je verbannen spel/account/functie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Mag ik weten wat het e-mailadres is van je PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG-account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
🙂 Bedankt. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
6-cijferige verificatiecode naar je e-mail gestuurd, deel deze code alsjeblieft met mij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We hopen dat iedereen zich houdt aan de regels en richtlijnen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Om je vandaag te helpen, zal ik je zaak voorzien van een beoordeling door ons toegewijde team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 keer team heeft deze zaak beoordeeld, wordt je op je geregistreerde e-mailadres benaderd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Controleer je e-mail en deel de verificatiecode met mij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0h oké! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Geen zorgen, ik begrijp je bezorgdheid hier over het kopen van PRS-ORG en de geschiktheid van apparaten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Laat me je bezorgdheid hier verduidelijken dat de versie die je koopt compatibel zal zijn met die, geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Als je de Ultimate-versie van het spel koopt, dat werkt voor zowel PRS-ORG als PS4. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Welke game? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Oh, ik bedoel "het spel" PRS-ORG waar je je zorgen over maakt. De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase
​​Hallo, bedankt dat je de tijd hebt genomen om contact op te nemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Ik wens je een fijne tijd, het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Weet dat je altijd mag bellen als je hulp nodig hebt. Succes met alles wat komen gaat en blijf lachen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Wees voorzichtig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 glimlachen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ik begrijp dat je oudere titels wilt spelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Je kunt het misschien gebruikt vinden op de console of ergens een harde kopie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat je het kunt vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Heb je nog andere vragen voor me terwijl we hier zijn, echter? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Ik heb geen manier om het spel aan je te verkopen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Je zult het ergens moeten kopen waar het beschikbaar is. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik zou geen manier hebben om dit te bevestigen zonder de code om in ons systeem te zoeken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👋 Het is leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Kun je alsjeblieft specifieker zijn over het probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp je bezorgdheid zeker. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met je PRS-ORG-aanvoerders Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kan je het geregistreerde e-mailadres van je PRS-ORG-account delen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 Bedankt voor het delen van de e-mail De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik heb een zescijferige code naar het e-mailadres dat aan het account is gekoppeld gestuurd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1maal je het hebt ontvangen, post het alsjeblieft in de chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor het delen van de code. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geef me een moment om de details voor je te controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤝 Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
✘ Dus als ik het goed begrijp, wil je een nieuwe PRS-ORG aan je PRS-ORG-account koppelen, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen over het koppelingsprobleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Laat me de details van je account controleren met mijn team en je de beschikbare oplossing geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Om te beginnen, mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb enkele wijzigingen aangebracht in je account, zodat je nu je nieuwe PRS-ORG kunt koppelen aan het PRS-ORG-account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% Gratis dating siteGraag gedaan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat je een geweldige dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
heb je het over mods die je gebruikt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spel is PRS-ORG, dus je moet uitzoeken wat de mod was. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Omdat hier het niet kan worden gecontroleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Wij hebben ook geen manier om het te vinden. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Je kunt de hit- en trialmethode gebruiken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1 verwijderen en het spel controleren of het werkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weet een geweldige tijd en pas goed op jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✨. Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat.✨ English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
2. Vertel me alsjeblieft hoe ik je kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Oké, in dat geval mag ik weten of je contact hebt opgenomen met PSN-ondersteuning en hetzelfde hebt gedeeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Omdat de Ultimate-editie van het spel alleen digitaal beschikbaar is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ja, dat klopt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Neem contact met hen op, aangezien ze een andere winkel hebben en we de details op PRS-ORG kunnen controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Bedankt voor je geduld tijdens de chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergave ik heb een geweldige dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🏠 Blijf thuis, blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik zal je zeker helpen om in te loggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
6-cijferige code naar je e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan je je e-mail controleren en de code voor me lezen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Dat is perfect! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Dank je wel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
❔ Kan je alsjeblieft een ander e-mailadres met mij delen dat ik in je account kan bijwerken als secundair e-mailadres, zodat je de codes kunt ontvangen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
✉️Kun je de code delen die naar dit e-mailadres is gestuurd? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Hartelijk dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb het secundaire e-mailadres met succes bijgewerkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Probeer nu opnieuw in te loggen op je account en s De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​beëindig de code op het secundaire e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✉ verzenden De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% mijn genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Je bent wonderbaarlijk kalm en meewerkend geweest, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
İk kan op dit moment nog iets anders voor je doen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-N, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal de details voor je controleren en kijken of ik je kan helpen met het ontbrekende OTW-spelprobleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Deel alsjeblieft je PRS-ORG-account e-mailadres en ook je PSN ID. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​PSN ID is je Playstation Gebruikersnaam die ALPHANUMERICID zou moeten zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 weken geleden heb ik je geïnformeerd dat je je Ones to Watch (OTW) speler item (niet verhandelbaar) vanaf 1 oktober (wereldwijde lanceringsdag) zou ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Same informatie wordt ook vermeld in ons officiële help-artikel hier: - URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 ik hoop dat je een geweldige start hebt van je PRS-ORG-campagne. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Zoover
​Ik ben blij dat ik beschikbare informatie heb kunnen delen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Heb je hulp nodig bij iets anders? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
✕ Geen probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👋 Je bent op de juiste plek, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen in te loggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Om te beginnen, mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🇳🇱 Oké, dus je wilt gewoon je e-mailadres wijzigen, zodat je kunt inloggen op je PRS-ORG-account, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
✉️ Dank je wel voor het delen van je e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Goedendag NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✱ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Dat is jammer om te horen, maar maak je geen zorgen, ik zal proberen je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Voor zover ik weet kun je ze nog steeds kopen bij PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maar het hangt af van regio tot regio. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Je kunt ook PayPal of een bankpas gebruiken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Helaas kun je in dit geval alleen een kaart of PayPal gebruiken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
Dit zou je moeten helpen met meer info. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
00:00:00 Helaas, aangezien ik geen antwoord van je heb ontvangen, zal ik onze chat vandaag beëindigen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
5. Als je nog vragen hebt, neem dan gerust contact met ons op via URL. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Ik wens je een fijne dag, blijf veilig en bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☀, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie heeft de afgelopen jaren een aantal initiatieven ontplooid om de toegang tot de markt voor de diensten van de informatiemaatschappij te verbeteren.
🙂 Ok, geen probleem, ik zal je helpen om het e-mailadres voor je PRS-ORG-account te wijzigen als je de toegang tot het oude e-mailadres voor dat PRS-ORG-account bent kwijtgeraakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Heb je een ander platform aan dit PRS-ORG-account gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft helpen met je e-mailadres dat aan het PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​Je moet inloggen op URL met je platform (Steam) English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Inloggegevens en maak een nieuwe e-mailcase aan door naar Neem contact op te gaan en PRS-ORG/PC/Meld een bug/Geef feedback te selecteren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Je moet het huidige zaaknummer in het e-mailgeval opnemen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. Ga voor meer informatie naar het onderstaande Help-artikel: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Vermeld in dat e-mailgeval dit huidige zaaknummer: PHONENUMBER. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
😊 Dat is een mooie naam. 😊 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, het is geweldig om je virtueel te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik begrijp het, je kunt de wachtwoord resetlink niet ontvangen op je e-mail, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Bedankt voor de bevestiging. Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met je verzoek en je de best mogelijke oplossing te bieden, goed? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb je nu een wachtwoord resetlink gestuurd, laat het me weten als je klaar bent met het bijwerken van je wachtwoord, oké? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Bedankt dat je me hebt laten helpen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Het was een genoegen om je te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Aarzel niet om contact met ons op te nemen als je problemen hebt met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We zijn blij dat je bij ons bent PRS-ORG URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen, geniet van de rest van je dag. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Blijf gezond, blijf lachen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3 Bedankt voor je bericht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp hoe moeilijk dit voor je kan zijn, maar wees gerust, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met het hacken van je account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Om te beginnen, zou je mij alstublieft willen helpen met je geregistreerde e-mailadres? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports of fishery products are authorised into the Union, and the conditions for such imports.
✉️ Dank je wel voor het delen van het e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Heb je nu toegang tot dit e-mailadres?
2. Ik moet je PRS-ORG-account verifiëren om veiligheidsredenen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb een zescijferige code naar het e-mailadres dat aan het account is gekoppeld gestuurd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1. Zodra je deze hebt ontvangen, plaats deze in de chat. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3 Bedankt voor de code die je hebt verzonden. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 uw account is met succes geverifieerd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2021-01-12 14: 15: 40, zoals ik kan zien, is het e-mailadres in dit account gewijzigd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
❤️Kun je me alsjeblieft helpen met het e-mailadres dat je wilt bijwerken? De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase - TripAdvisor
2. Zorg ervoor dat het e-mailadres niet aan een van de PRS-ORG-accounts is gekoppeld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Het is leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% zeker, ik zal mijn best doen om je probleem op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✗ Zoals ik het begrijp, kun je je speler niet toewijzen in PRS-ORG, klopt dat? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zal je hier zeker bij helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kan ik je e-mailadres weten dat is geregistreerd met je PRS-ORG-account, om verder te gaan? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 minuten de tijd om dit te onderzoeken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Bedankt voor het geduldig te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Ik waardeer je tijd en geduld echt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb alle details met mijn bronnen gecontroleerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Neem alsjeblieft mijn oprechte excuses aan, we willen nooit dat je met dit probleem wordt geconfronteerd. Ik begrijp je frustratie volledig alsjeblieft. Als ik in jouw schoenen stond, zou ik hetzelfde voelen in die situatie, maar als er een manier is om je te helpen met het delen van het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld, vraag ik je alsjeblieft om het probleem op ons officiële forum te posten met behulp van de onderstaande gedeelde link. Dus onze community manager kan het controleren en je probleem oplossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
🙂 Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten de doodstraf hebben afgeschaft, een bijdrage levert aan de versterking van de internationale druk op de landen die de doodstraf blijven toepassen.
☎ Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
2. Mag ik weten of je een specifieke fout met het spel krijgt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Mag ik weten welke game je hebt gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Welk probleem ondervindt u bij het installeren van PRS-ORG? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14 dagen heb je de tijd om de bestelling te annuleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Help me alsjeblieft met het geregistreerde e-mail-ID dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Mag ik weten of we nog steeds verbonden zijn? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik begrijp het, laat me de relevante informatie over cross-play in PRS-ORG delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Deel alsjeblieft de vraag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Hier is alle informatie die we hebben over cross-play in PRS-ORG: URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1 persoon op Steam en 1 persoon op Steam, klopt dat? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​In PRS-ORG is cross-play beschikbaar voor spelers op hetzelfde platformgeneratie. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
14. Playstation 5, PRS-ORG Series X|S, Stadia en pc-versies van PRS-ORG zullen cross-play compatibel zijn met elkaar, en Playstation 4 en PRS-ORG One-versies van PRS-ORG zullen cross-play compatibel zijn met elkaar. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​​Dus met NAME-M en NAME-M is cross-play niet mogelijk. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan gerust contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik begrijp dat je je zorgen maakt over het claimen van een gehackt account en het wijzigen van het e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Laat het me weten als ik dat goed heb begrepen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% perfect, laten we daar snel aan werken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kan ik je PRS-ORG geassocieerde e-mailadres hebben? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Oh, het lijkt erop dat ons systeem momenteel problemen ondervindt bij het beheren van accounts. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen, geef het een tijdje, probeer alsjeblieft over een uur of twee contact op te nemen en we kunnen er gewoon aan werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geen zorgen, we kunnen eraan werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geef het een tijdje alsjeblieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Je bent wonderwel rustig en meewerkend geweest, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Krijg ik nog iets anders van je op dit moment! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice meeting you NAME-F! 🙂 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
2 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
✗ Zoals ik begrijp, kun je het spel niet downloaden, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
0h! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
​Maak je geen zorgen! Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Ik zal zeker mijn best doen om je hierbij te helpen en je zo goed mogelijk te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kan je alsjeblieft je geregistreerde e-mailadres met je PRS-ORG-account met me delen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% goed! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Mag ik weten waar je je PRS-ORG-uitbreidingspakket hebt gekocht? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft helpen met de bestelnummer/productcode? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
❤️ Ik ben goed, bedankt voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
🙂 Ik ben goed, bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
0h! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
1000x begrepen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt voor je uitleg. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🤗 Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal proberen je te helpen met het controleren en opheffen van je sanctie voor PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik je e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal je helpen met het maken van een account voor minderjarigen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ga alsjeblieft naar deze link URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Heb je een probleem met de stappen die in de link worden gegeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Dus kan je stap voor stap helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten via de chat, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat en dat je familie het ook goed maakt, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Geen zorgen, laat me kijken hoe ik je kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik de exacte fout weten tijdens het starten van de game? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% goed! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan je alsjeblieft het e-mailadres geven dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase
👍 Bedankt voor de e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Zulke problemen doen zich voor wanneer systeem PRS-ORG cachebestanden worden beschadigd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. Wanneer gegevens die zowel van de PRS-ORG-website als van de PRS-ORG-client zijn gedownload, tijdelijk worden opgeslagen op de lokale schijf van de gebruiker of een lokale netwerkschijf, wordt het opnieuw ophalen van dezelfde gegevens van internet of een andere externe bron de volgende keer sneller. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Heb je geprobeerd om de cachebestanden van PRS-ORG te wissen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb een PRS-ORG-artikel met de stappen gevonden om de cache-bestanden van PRS-ORG te wissen, je vindt de onderstaande link nuttig: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL
4. Na het verwijderen van PRS-ORG cachebestanden, start je systeem opnieuw op om de wijzigingen op te slaan, repareer het spel vanuit PRS-ORG en het probleem zal worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100%! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Probeer alsjeblieft om het te gebruiken De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Probeer deze stappen, het moet werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je hulp nodig hebt met een ander probleem, laat het me dan weten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help je graag verder.
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✗ Ik begrijp dat je problemen ondervindt met PRS-ORG, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal mijn best doen om je hierbij te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
ould je alsjeblieft je geregistreerde e-mailadres met me delen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor het delen van het e-mailadres, geef me een moment om dit voor je te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Het spijt me dat ik je heb laten wachten, het zal j Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 minuutje langer.
​​Mijn excuses voor het ongemak dat is veroorzaakt, dit is een bekend probleem en we hebben ook soortgelijke meldingen van andere spelers ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Deze meldingen worden al onderzocht door ons toegewijde team. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
1. Ik verzoek je alsjeblieft te wachten en sociale forums in de gaten te houden voor recente updates hierover. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
100% Gratis Dating App Heel graag gedaan, is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz

☎ Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik zal je zeker helpen met je aankoop van PRS-ORG landelijk leven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
15 minuten blijf verbonden terwijl ik de informatie voor je controleer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 Mag ik het bestelnummer van je aankoop weten? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 dank u wel! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Als ik het goed begrijp, is deze aankoop voor PRS-ORG en is het spel al aan je account toegevoegd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ook is de status van de betaling nog in behandeling. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik verzoek je om de game niet te kopen of opnieuw te kopen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
24-48 uur wachten tot de status is bijgewerkt, zodat je niet twee keer in rekening wordt gebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Wacht alsjeblieft, want ik wil echt niet dat je twee keer in rekening wordt gebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt en hetzelfde voor jou. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is er nog iets anders waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Oh, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en de informatie over de status van de bestelling delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik je e-mailadres en gebruikersnaam met betrekking tot je PRS-ORG-account, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1e, ik waardeer je interesse in het PRS-ORG-spel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Nu zou ik je willen meedelen dat het tot 72 uur kan duren voordat een bestelling is verwerkt. Je kunt het artikel bekijken: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ís dat goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank je wel voor je medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021 blijft gamen en records breken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als je nog vragen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👌 Oké, ik zal je helpen met de wachtwoord reset e-mail, maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
2. Deel het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
100% perfect! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 heb je zojuist de wachtwoord resetlink gestuurd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Je kunt dat controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Laat het me weten als ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 uit 10! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik raad je aan om de e-mails van PRS-ORG te blijven controleren voor updates. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem contact met ons op voor vragen over de game en bezoek URL voor tips en trucs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Zorg goed voor jezelf en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country where the aquaculture products are produced, and the animal health status of the aquaculture production system.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten de doodstraf hebben afgeschaft, een bijdrage levert aan de versterking van de internationale druk op de landen die de doodstraf blijven toepassen.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
⚠️Bedankt voor het uitleggen van het probleem. Geen zorgen, ik zal je account controleren en je helpen met het probleem van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​We stellen je passie voor PRS-ORG echt op prijs! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​We stellen je passie voor PRS-ORG echt op prijs! Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​De hoogste divisie heet Elite en staat boven divisie 1. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Elite Division heeft geen rang. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Hoe hoger je rang, hoe beter de beloning aan het einde. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 ik begrijp het, maar er zijn op dit moment geen dergelijke beloningen beschikbaar. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14/09/2021 Maar ik kan het als feedback voor je nemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik kan het volledig begrijpen, maar er zijn geen dergelijke echte leven geschenken beschikbaar. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geen zorgen, ik neem het als feedback om het met ons betrokken team te delen voor je. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ga het doorsturen naar het team, zodat ze er naar kunnen kijken en bedankt voor de geweldige suggestie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik zal je helpen met je PRS-ORG ID wijziging English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Deel alsjeblieft je geregistreerde e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het wordt weergegeven als ALPHANUMERICID omdat _ en - niet worden weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​De ID is hetzelfde en is niet gewijzigd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Kapitaalletters worden niet ondersteund. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ja!
🙂 Je bent gewoon verward. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Alles is hetzelfde, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En adviseurs veranderen niets in het account zonder goedkeuring van de speler. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het ons weten als je in de toekomst hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het is mijn genoegen om met je te praten en je bent geweldig geweest tijdens de sessie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergaven Ik wens je een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Zoals ik kan begrijpen, heb je back-up codes nodig om in te loggen, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Geen zorgen, ik zal proberen je te helpen met het probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan het PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Gebruik de onderstaande codes, waarvan er één moet worden gebruikt om in te loggen en de tweede om de methode voor inlogverificatie te wijzigen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Hier- PHONENUMBER en PHONENUMBER English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Kan ik je, afgezien hiervan, nog ergens mee helpen? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld

❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik begrijp dat je geen toegang hebt tot de Transfermarkt in PRS-ORG, zelfs na het spelen van veel wedstrijden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Laat me eens kijken wat ik het beste voor je kan doen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zou je willen meedelen dat ik geen optie heb om de details te zien over wanneer je toegang krijgt tot de Transfermarkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het hangt af van het spel dat je speelt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je zult steeds meer wedstrijden moeten spelen om toegang te krijgen tot de Transfermarkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Zorg ervoor dat je in verschillende modi speelt, doelstellingen voltooit en de wedstrijden niet onderbreekt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Hoewel ik al lang speel en ik geen toegang heb tot de Transfermarkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik speel gewoon hard om toegang te krijgen tot de Transfermarkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat we het snel zullen krijgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% te begrijpen, het kan best frustrerend zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik heb geen optie om het te ontgrendelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is geautomatiseerd en de toegang wordt gegeven aan spelers zelf, afhankelijk van de gameplay en de doelstellingen die worden voltooid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, er zijn veel spelers die nog geen toegang hebben tot de Transfermarkt, inclusief mezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Er is slechts één oplossing om toegang te krijgen tot de Transfermarkt en dat is door meer en meer wedstrijden te spelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Geef me een moment om het te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Volg de stappen op de volgende link: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the following:
1 ik zie... geef me een moment om te zien wat er aan de hand is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Kunt u zich aanmelden bij uw account? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik begrijp het. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben het aan het controleren, bedankt voor uw geduld! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u weer voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U kunt uw URL-account niet gebruiken omdat u een nieuw account hebt aangemaakt onder dat e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Wat bedoelt u? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben het controleren wat we kunnen doen, geef me een momentje. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Om de informatie te bevestigen, kunt u me alsjeblieft laten weten vanaf welk account u wilt dat ik het samenvoeg, alstublieft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
2. Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de economische en monetaire unie.
2. Wanneer is Angel beschikbaar? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​De service-enquête wordt beoordeeld door onze superieuren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Afhankelijk van goede of slechte beoordelingen verdient u bonussen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Wilt u dat ik zie of hij beschikbaar is? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​​Het systeem is een beetje traag geweest vanwege de grote hoeveelheid chats die we hebben ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
Als u de enquête invult, zal NAME-N het op prijs stellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zal het doen, koffie en mezcal of tequila De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10:00 We zijn in Mexico De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 juni 2021 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
1 ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3 juni 2021 Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Welk apparaat gebruikt u om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt. Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2/3 Ik zal de aankoop controleren, mag ik u een momentje vragen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in de Var - Villa Les Oliviers
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kunt u me alsjeblieft helpen synchroniseren? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5/ Gelieve te aarden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u geniet van uw dag en bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Kan u mij het ontvangstnummer geven van deze aankoop, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☝️ Ja! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
​Bedankt voor die informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten de tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor uw geduld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Kunt u alstublieft uw account synchroniseren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Dit komt omdat het systeem misschien vastloopt met de PRS-ORG-betalingen waar we voor deze gevallen voor zorgen om te zien wat er mis is. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
⚠️ Mijn excuses voor alle overlast. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
NAME-M English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Laat me het controleren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​bedankt voor het wachten NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik kan zien dat u de boekenlimiet voor de maand mei hebt bereikt. Als u een andere titel wilt krijgen, moet u enkele boeken die u al hebt uitgelezen verwijderen of wachten tot 6 juni. 3.
15, maar ze worden opgeslagen in de maanden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik raad u aan om de voltooide boeken uit uw sub te verwijderen om u ruimte te geven voor meer boeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
107 abonneeboeken heb ik in het systeem English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​​​​​​In dit geval zou u moeten wachten tot 6 juni De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙁 Nee, helaas, dat is het enige abonnement dat we hebben voor e-books. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​de andere is voor audioboeken, maar werkt heel anders De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 oké, bedankt voor uw hulp. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het kan ook zijn dat de titel die u probeert te krijgen niet in aanmerking komt voor de sub. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
📚 Niet alle boeken komen in aanmerking De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 keer schoonmaken en proberen met een andere titel De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geef me een moment terwijl ik de transactie bekijk. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik heb deze informatie kunnen verifiëren en het boek aan uw bibliotheek kunnen toevoegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Synchroniseer uw apparaat en bevestig me of u het boek kunt zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
PRS-ORG heeft problemen met onze betalingsverwerker. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als dit de volgende keer gebeurt, stuur dan de transactiegegevens en we zullen het boek in uw bibliotheek toevoegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
2. en het spijt ons als deze overlast u verontwaardigt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​U kunt dat proberen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
1. De PRS-ORG touch maakt gebruik van een USB-kabel genaamd USB Micro B-kabel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​U kunt een basischarger voor mobiele telefoons gebruiken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​we verkopen deze kabels niet in onze winkel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquaculture animals.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
1 wezen helpen is geen probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Geef me een paar minuten de tijd om uw informatie te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Ik kan zien dat alles goed gaat met uw betaling en uw abonnement. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Misschien is de betaling eerst niet gelukt, maar dan is het zonder probleem gelukt, maar er is niets om u zorgen over te maken, alles is ok! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Goedendag, ik hoop dat het goed met u gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
1 Ik ben NAME-F en ik zal vandaag uw persoonlijke assistent zijn, laat me alsjeblieft weten hoe ik kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
1 ik begrijp het, ik zal mijn best doen om u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Geef me een moment om uw details te krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
08/25/2021 Ik kan zien dat de betaling van vandaag goed is verlopen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​En uw abonnement is actief en betaald English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 U zou in de toekomst geen problemen met betaling moeten hebben. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10. Aarzel niet om contact met ons op te nemen als u iets nodig heeft of verdere vragen heeft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Welk apparaat gebruikt u om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
​​Welke betaalmethode gebruikt u voor de aankoop? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 dank u, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kan ik alstublieft het nummer onder het beschrijvingsgedeelte van uw PRS-ORG-betalingsgegevens hebben. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
100 dank u wel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10. Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u geniet van uw dag en bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned, the disease status of the aquatic animals concerned and the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied in the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned.
↑ Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
100% natuurlijk! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
3. U kunt het abonnement annuleren via URL of als u wilt, kan ik het abonnement voor u annuleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Houd er rekening mee dat u geen boeken meer kunt toevoegen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Voor beveiligingsdoeleinden, kunt u mij de postcode van uw factuuradres geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000 dank. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Uw abonnement is geannuleerd. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​U zult geen extra kosten meer ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor uw vriendelijke woorden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help u graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik kan zien hier dat uw verzoek is geëscaleerd toch? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
0k, en hebt u zich afgemeld en weer ingelogd? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik begrijp NAME-F, laten we proberen uw factuurgegevens te wissen en het opnieuw toe te voegen. Het PRS-ORG-probleem zou nu moeten zijn opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. Om dit te doen, kunt u naar website URL gaan? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Ga dan naar Mijn account en vervolgens naar Accountinstellingen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik begrijp het, ik heb uw informatie gewist. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​Laten we eens kijken welke fout u ontvangt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Probeer deze keer een incognito-modus De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat incognito-modus geen cache of oude gegevens opslaat De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-F, bent u nog steeds online bij mij? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Natuurlijk, geef me een seconde alsjeblieft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
00:00:00,949 --> 00:00:03,019 Oké, NAME-F, ik kan hier zien dat uw volgende factuur op 26 april zou moeten zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als voor deze dag uw abonnement niet met succes is afgerekend, beantwoord dan de e-mail die ik u aan het einde van de interactie zal sturen, zodat ik uw zaak kan volgen en u geen nieuwe interactie hoeft te openen
100% Natuurlijk, laat me weten hoe ik kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. Er is geen beperking voor het aantal apparaten, Stella, u kunt zich aanmelden bij hetzelfde account op zoveel apparaten als u wilt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Wees gewoon voorzichtig, omdat accounts persoonlijke informatie hebben, raden we niet aan om persoonlijke gegevens te delen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​NAME-F, ik ben er nog steeds bij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als ik u verder nog ergens mee kan helpen.
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik ben uw account aan het controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Geef me een paar minuten, alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik heb de URL gecontroleerd, maar het wordt niet weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Heeft u eventuele ontvangstnummers van boeken die in dat account zijn gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik ben het aan het controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geef me een paar minuten, alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Alle boeken van de URL zijn verplaatst naar het PRS-ORG-account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2019-07-17 15: 34: 00 Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Hallo en bedankt, het is een genoegen u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me, maar de betaling voor deze aankoop moet worden geverifieerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Om uw aankoop te valideren, dient u mij te voorzien van: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Uw omschrijving nummer, dit staat in de transactiegegevens op het bankafschrift. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
11-cijferig nummer dat meestal begint met een 1. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Wat is de naam van het boek? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 Dank u, het boek is toegevoegd aan uw account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Synchroniseer uw apparaat. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10. Graag gedaan De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20:00 uur Een fijne avond gewenst, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
21 januari Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me voor de verwarring, ik heb uw account kunnen verifiëren en om u hierbij te helpen, gelieve de PRS-ORG-inlogoptie te gebruiken en dezelfde inloggegevens te gebruiken als uw PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​Uw account is alleen gekoppeld aan PRS-ORG en omdat dit een extern wachtwoord is, kunnen we dit niet aan onze kant opnieuw instellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ā, alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. Wanneer u zich op het inlogscherm bevindt, ziet u "Doorgaan met PRS-ORG" English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10. Kunt u dit zien? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​​Het is oké, wanneer u probeert in te loggen, ziet u "meer aanmeldingsopties" onderaan het scherm. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Perfect, ik help u graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor het contact opnemen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u ook een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ja u kunt e-books van de bibliotheek toevoegen aan de PRS-ORG-lezer, u kunt PRS-ORG gebruiken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Nee, alleen PRS-ORG-aankopen kunnen worden gekocht, de synchronisatie van de lezer en de e-books beginnen te downloaden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Is er nog iets anders waar ik u vandaag mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● Adobe® Digital Editions is gratis software die kan worden gebruikt om EPUB en PDF-bestanden te lezen en te beheren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 PRS-ORG maakt gebruik van Adobe® Digital Editions om onze klanten in staat te stellen e-books te lezen die Adobe® Digital Rights Management (DRM) ingeschakeld hebben. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
2. DRM voorkomt het ongeautoriseerde kopiëren of verspreiden van boeken om de rechten van auteurs en uitgevers te beschermen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat betekent dat u eerst PRS-ORG naar uw computer moet downloaden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Autoriseer uw computer en lezer, vanaf daar kunt u boeken van de bibliotheek overzetten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dat klopt, heeft u nog vragen?
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen.
12/1/2019 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-08-27 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Voor beveiligingsdoeleinden, kunt u de datum van uw meest recente aankoop of de titel van een van de e-boeken / audioboeken in uw account bevestigen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder.
ould u de aankoop proberen via de URL-website, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Hoe gaat het? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1: Ik begrijp het. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. In dit geval zullen we proberen uw betalings- en factuurgegevens tijdelijk te verwijderen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. Voeg het daarna opnieuw toe door deze stappen te volgen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ja, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik kan op u wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoe gaat het? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U heeft al een tijdje niet gereageerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Heeft u nog steeds hulp nodig? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat u al een tijdje niet hebt gereageerd, moet ik de chat sluiten om de kwaliteit te waarborgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als u later meer hulp nodig heeft, neem dan gerust contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Als u akkoord gaat, zal ik u in de wacht zetten om uw account te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2-3 minuten zou het niet mogen duren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
❓ Bent u de auteur of maakt u deel uit van de uitgeverij? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik ga de link delen waarmee u contact kunt opnemen met het team dat verantwoordelijk is en zij zullen u de oplossing geven waar u naar op zoek bent English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1. Voer de verstrekte link in en "Dien een verzoek in" 2. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Bij welk boek hebt u problemen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 dank u, een ogenblik alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
11: 11 Dank u, het nummer komt overeen met het nummer dat we hebben vermeld, het boek is toegevoegd aan uw account. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
3. Kunt u alstublieft uw apparaat of app synchroniseren en controleren of u het al heeft? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Bedankt, het nummer komt overeen met het nummer dat we hebben vermeld, het boek is toegevoegd aan uw account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❔ Kunt u uw apparaat of app synchroniseren en controleren of u het al heeft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
☝️ Ja, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Synchroniseer opnieuw! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ça a été un plaisir!
13:15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen!
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik zal de situatie regelen! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Om er onmiddellijk naar te kijken, mag ik alstublieft het transactienummer hebben? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Het kan een 10- of 11-cijferig nummer zijn. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 dank u, ja dat is het. Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Ik kan zien hier dat de transactie nog steeds door PRS-ORG wordt verwerkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
We willen echter niet dat u langer wacht op het boek. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik heb het aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Synchroniseer alstublieft om het te zien. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Het was geweldig om u te helpen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor uw vriendelijke woorden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Denk eraan dat we er altijd zijn voor u. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt binnenkort een enquête nadat de chat is gesloten, waarin mijn klantenservice zal worden beoordeeld. Het zou ons enorm helpen om van u te horen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u vandaag onze website bezocht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om met u tijdens deze interactie te zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Ik help u graag verder.
​Bedankt voor het wachten, ik heb de informatie in uw account gecontroleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het spijt me echt dat u dit probleem met uw e-reader ondervindt, maar ik ben bereid u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Krijgt u een foutmelding? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie, ik zal een paar stappen delen om te verifiëren of we dit probleem kunnen oplossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1. Kunt u mij allereerst aangeven wat de processor van uw computer is? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Dat staat in de specificaties van uw computer. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Medical Jobs
10 Dank u voor de informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help u graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Laat me de informatie op uw account bekijken. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Medical Jobs
1 Geef me een moment alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik werk nog steeds aan uw account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​het PRS-ORG-account dat u hebt opgegeven bevat geen informatie over aankopen of factuurgegevens. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​hebt u het juiste account opgegeven? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U had gelijk. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
die betalingen zijn gedaan in PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zal dit probleem escaleren naar onze factureringsafdeling om de kosten te vinden en de terugbetaling uit te voeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Hartelijk dank. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Ik help u graag verder.
2. Geef me een paar momenten om uw informatie te verifiëren
1 Laat me controleren wat in dat geval kan worden gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 of 2 minuten extra alsjeblieft Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
10 Dank u voor uw geduld English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
In dit geval moet ik dit probleem escaleren naar een hogere laag, zodat zij kunnen controleren wat het probleem kan zijn dat u beschrijft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​Zodra ik hierover een update ontvang, zal ik u per e-mail op de hoogte stellen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
100% goed De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
19 september 2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen.
2021-09-19 Een fijne avond gewenst, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union scale referred to in paragraph 1.
Ik help u graag verder.
2. Geef me een paar momenten om uw informatie te verifiëren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
↑ Vertel me alsjeblieft hoe ik u kan helpen?
1. De enige manier waarop die wijziging kan worden gemaakt, is als u een factuuradres van Nederland toevoegt aan uw PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
4. Na dat te doen, zou u boeken in het Nederlands moeten zien De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben nog steeds bij u De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
17 November 2021 kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me, vanwege kwaliteitsdoeleinden zal ik deze chat moeten sluiten als ik binnen 2 minuten geen reactie ontvang. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
17 november 2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
20:00 uur Een fijne avond gewenst. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Laat me uw account voor het boek controleren.
​De transactie lijkt nog bezig te zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 hebt u de omschrijving van de PRS-ORG-bon? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Is er een andere reeks nummers? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u, meneer. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
​​Het boek is toegevoegd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
3. Synchroniseer uw lezer of app om de wijzigingen toe te passen en vertel me of u het boek kunt openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het probleem komt van PRS-ORG, dat het signaal niet stuurt dat de transactie is voltooid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We proberen de situatie van onze kant te verbeteren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-08-27 14:30:00,+0200 Het lijkt erop dat we de verbinding hebben verbroken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Voor kwaliteitsdoeleinden ga ik deze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als u nog vragen heeft of verdere hulp nodig heeft, stuur ons dan een e-mail of neem contact met ons op via de chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ja, het werkt niet omdat uw aanmeldingsoptie is met PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3 Neem contact op met PRS-ORG om het wachtwoord van uw e-mail te wijzigen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
ik begrijp het, maar we kunnen uw wachtwoord niet wijzigen omdat uw inlogoptie bij PRS-ORG staat, niet bij PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Dat is waarom de e-mail voor het opnieuw instellen van het wachtwoord nooit bij u aankomt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
​Omdat het alleen werkt wanneer de klant de PRS-ORG-inlogoptie heeft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik kan uw zaak escaleren naar de juiste afdeling, zodat ze toegang kunnen maken met PRS-ORG Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dit duurt een paar dagen~ De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ze nemen contact met u op per e-mail zodra het klaar is De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 maart  Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Zoover
Ik help u graag verder. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
U moet uw betalingsinformatie bijwerken, correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u zeer voor het meedelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik zal u helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Op dit moment ga ik uw facturerings- en betalingsinformatie in uw account van mijn kant verwijderen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
En u kunt de juiste informatie rechtstreeks op de website opslaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
­Steunt u dat? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 U bent nog steeds hier? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dat klopt, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Uw informatie is gewist. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ga naar URL en laten we uw informatie opslaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% natuurlijk, heel erg bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik ben hier met u. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik wil u eraan herinneren dat niet alle boeken zijn opgenomen in het lidmaatschap English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Wilt u een terugbetaling ontvangen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🔒 Het is geactiveerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik zal u een link geven De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​en dan kunt u alle boeken controleren die zijn inbegrepen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als het boek niet in deze lijst verschijnt, ben ik bang dat het alleen te koop is De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 kunt u de link van het boek opgeven? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
2. Laat me uw account verifiëren en ik zal u graag helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Bedankt voor het wachten, ik ben uw PRS-ORG-account aan het controleren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Moment alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik zie dat u het PRS-ORG-abonnement hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Welk apparaat gebruikt u? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Welk apparaat gebruikt u? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Klik op account repareren of lezer synchroniseren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​PRS-ORG is toegevoegd als onderdeel van het PRS-ORG-abonnement en is niet in rekening gebracht De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
In dit geval, wanneer u problemen ondervindt, synchroniseer dan gewoon het apparaat en het zou moeten werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik ben blij dat het vandaag werkte. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ACtueel moet de PRS-ORG soms een update hebben, maar u kunt ook feedback geven De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​vanwege de grote vraag is onze reactietijd licht vertraagd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Onze excuses voor het ongemak. We zullen uw verzoek zo snel mogelijk beantwoorden. We danken u voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Geef me een moment om uw account te verifiëren en te controleren wat er aan de hand is English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Heeft u een actief account bij PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Omdat zonder deze betalingsmiddelen u alleen kunt betalen met creditcard English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als u geen creditcard heeft, is het nutteloos om het via onze website te doen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik moet u vragen om opnieuw via de website te proberen te abonneren De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 kunt u me een andere titel geven? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✱ Kunt u me het model van uw e-reader vertellen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1 ik ben er nog als u hulp nodig heeft daarmee English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​bedankt Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Kunt u een eenvoudige reset uitvoeren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. U kunt een eenvoudige reset uitvoeren op uw e-reader met de volgende stappen: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
15 seconden houd de aan-/uitknop ingedrukt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5 seconden wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5 seconden houd de aan / uit-knop ingedrukt om het opnieuw in te schakelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Dit zal de e-reader doen resetten zonder verlies van persoonlijke gegevens of persoonlijke instellingen en voorkeuren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik begrijp het, helaas kunnen we schermproblemen niet repareren en we hebben geen geautoriseerde sites waar u het kunt doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. We kunnen het alleen maar vervangen als het onder de garantie valt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Dus bent u een auteur of uitgever? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ga naar de website van PRS-ORG en onder "mogelijkheden" vindt u onderaan "zelf publiceren". English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ga daarheen, het heet PRS-ORG writinglife. · 1 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Dat is waar auteurs/uitgevers naartoe moeten gaan English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Ga naar PRS-ORG Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
Dat is waar auteurs naartoe moeten gaan De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dit is de klantenservice van PRS-ORG Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Onderaan de hoofdpagina van de PRS-ORG-website vindt u "mogelijkheden", onder mogelijkheden ziet u "zelf publiceren". English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Als u op zelf publiceren tikt, wordt u doorgestuurd naar PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14 dank u voor het contact opnemen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 Ja, ik ben het account aan het controleren, alsjeblieft 1 minuut. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Als u akkoord gaat, zal ik u in de wacht zetten om uw account te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
2-3 minuten zou het niet mogen duren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Ik heb het teruggestort English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
19,98 EUR English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2. De afschrijving zal niet opnieuw worden gedaan English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
15 dagen gratis proberenDe abonnement dat actief was, is nu geannuleerd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
12:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
10 Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3-februari bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 minuut toegestaan terwijl ik uw account verifieer English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kunt u een schermafbeelding van het bewijs van het ontvangstnummer van deze aankoop verstrekken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Als het met PRS-ORG is betaald, geef dan het ontvangstbewijs van uw PRS-ORG-account voor deze aankoop English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u wel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
3. U vindt dit nummer na het woord English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
10 dank u wel! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Het boek was nog bezig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik heb het handmatig aan uw account toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
4. Over de andere aankoop zal ik het doorgeven aan de terugbetalingsafdeling om te onderzoeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
ís dat goed voor u? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ok, zodra we een antwoord van ons team hebben, nemen we contact met u op via e-mail De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geweldig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Groot gelijk gehad. > De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
13:00 uur Goedemiddag, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik heb uw account gecontroleerd en English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Ik ben bang dat de betaling voor deze aankoop moet worden geverifieerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Om uw aankoop te valideren, dient u mij te voorzien van: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
1. Uw omschrijving nummer, dit staat in de transactiegegevens op het bankafschrift. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 dank u, geef me alstublieft een momentje. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb het boek al aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd, kunt u dat voor mij verifiëren? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me dat het boek niet meteen is toegevoegd, meestal gebeurt dit wanneer de transactie niet aan onze kant is weergegeven terwijl u PRS-ORG gebruikt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Maar maakt u zich geen zorgen, het is al toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Bedankt voor uw hulp. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Excuses voor het ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zoals ik al zei, gebeurt dit soms met PRS-ORG, het kan enige tijd duren voordat het in ons systeem wordt weergegeven, maar het gebeurt willekeurig, ik bedoel, we weten niet precies waarom dit gebeurt of wanneer, omdat er geen exacte reden voor is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ding dat ik kan adviseren, is dat wanneer u dit probleem tegenkomt, u onmiddellijk contact met ons opneemt, zodat we het boek handmatig kunnen toevoegen en niet hoeven te wachten op de weergave van het bedrag, omdat dit langer kan duren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag hebt! 🙂 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie!. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Selecteer een boek om uw leesstatistieken te bekijken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Ga vervolgens naar "Meer" en vervolgens naar "Activiteit" English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​De optie is niet aanwezig? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3 stippen die verschijnen onder het boekomslag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​In dat geval, bezoek alstublieft dit artikel. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Laat het me weten als het artikel u heeft geholpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Ik help u graag verder. | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Hier kunt u zien hoe u uw PRS-ORG-abonnement kunt annuleren: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Als u vragen heeft, laat het me dan weten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp het... Bent u op uw e-reader? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Volg de volgende stappen in de link: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Als u vragen heeft, laat het me dan weten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❤️ Hoe gaat het met u? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Minuten geleden, om kwaliteitsredenen zal ik deze chat moeten sluiten als ik geen reactie ontvang. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animals or to the Union's aquaculture sector.
​​In dit geval zie ik dat de aankoop aan onze kant als mislukt wordt weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Maar maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik kan het boek aan uw account toevoegen, maar we hebben het aankoopbewijs nodig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​De volgende code moet zichtbaar zijn: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ja, alstublieft. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. U vindt de code daar. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hartelijk dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb zojuist het boek aan uw account toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U zou gewoon moeten synchroniseren, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Perfect, geweldig nieuws! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 En graag gedaan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u geniet van het boek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik op dit moment nog iets anders voor u doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt en graag gedaan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 voor nu, dat zou allemaal van mijn kant zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens u ook een heel fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
❤️, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​U moet enkele stappen uitvoeren met de PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
​​Nee, de game kan niet worden overgedragen van pc naar PSN. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✗ Waar je de PRS-ORG hebt gekocht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik heb je bezorgdheid begrepen en ik zal je hierbij helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft helpen met je e-mailadres en je gebruikersnaam die eraan is gekoppeld? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik wil je niet opjagen, maar we zijn al een paar minuten inactief. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik wil graag weten of onze chat nog verbonden is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👋 Geen zorgen, laat me je hier helpen bij het bijwerken van de betaalmethode voor je aankoop. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Mag ik weten wat je gaat kopen en waar? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
😮 Het lijkt erop dat je te enthousiast bent over de vroege toegang tot PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Goed om te horen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Dus hier zou ik je aanraden om het een keer te proberen en te kopen bij de PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Of je kunt contact opnemen met PS-ondersteuning om je lidmaatschap te vernieuwen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Dat is helemaal oké. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Neem dus alsjeblieft contact op met PS-ondersteuning als ze je een andere manier kunnen aanbieden om de transactie succesvol te maken. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam~
👋 Hallo NAME-M, Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten de doodstraf hebben afgeschaft, een bijdrage levert aan de verwezenlijking van de doelstellingen van de Europese Unie op het gebied van de mensenrechten.
Nice to meet you, NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Geen probleem. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik zal je zeker helpen met je probleem met betrekking tot het wijzigen van e-mail, aangezien je geen toegang meer hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres krijgen waarmee je het probleem ondervindt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. E-mail is bijgewerkt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Een e-mail met reset wachtwoord is verzonden. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% perfect! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik hoop dat ik je heb kunnen helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je me de kans hebt gegeven om je te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Voor vragen kun je altijd onze kennisbasis bekijken op URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✨ Dag en zorg goed voor jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Wees veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country where the aquaculture products are produced, and the animal health status of the aquaculture production system.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
10 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor het bevestigen van het probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 wees gerust, ik zal mijn hulp graag aanbieden bij het probleem met PRS-ORG clubtoegang voor PRS-ORG, maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen, terwijl ik met het team heb gecontroleerd of andere spelers dezelfde problemen aan ons hebben gemeld, zou ik je willen aanraden om een tijdje te wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik zal ons team er zeker van op de hoogte stellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
​Kan ik je nog ergens anders mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik hoop dat het snel zal worden opgelost. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik zou graag willen helpen als dat mogelijk is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Voor vragen over PRS-ORG-games kun je altijd contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Tot ziens, en het beste. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% zeker, ik zal proberen je te helpen met het kopen van PRS-ORG en je de best beschikbare informatie geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
2 Mag ik weten waar je probeert PRS-ORG te kopen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👌 Allright! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 Oké! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
2. Als je een foutmelding krijgt tijdens het kopen van PRS-ORG via PSN. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik verzoek je om contact op te nemen met PSN-ondersteuning. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen met de informatie over het probleem met het downloaden van de PRS-ORG Ultimate Edition. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat de PRS-ORG-editie niet beschikbaar is in België en daarom kun je deze niet downloaden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Zodra de standaardeditie is gelanceerd, kun je deze downloaden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Je kunt de officiële link bekijken: URL Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Onder de titel: ULTIMATE EDITION PRE-ORDER LOYALTY OFFER Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
🇧🇪 Je kunt zien dat het volgende staat: "PRS-ORG niet beschikbaar in België". De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
♡, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de details. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met spelerskaarten die vastlopen op verwerking na aankoopprobleem English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​​Ik controleer het voor je en er lijkt niets om je zorgen over te maken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Het lijkt erop dat we vanaf nu meerdere meldingen van spelers met een vergelijkbaar probleem ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het lijkt momenteel een opkomend probleem te zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We verzamelen deze rapporten momenteel en delen ze verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus dat ze naar onze teams kunnen worden gestuurd om ze te laten controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad je aan om alsjeblieft te wachten en onze Twitter-pagina in de gaten te houden voor de laatste updates hierover van onze teams zodra ze klaar zijn met onderzoek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om het voor je te controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het ons weten als je in de toekomst problemen ondervindt, we zullen je hierbij helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact met ons hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙏 Blijf veilig en gezond! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens je veel succes met het pakket! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
👋 Fijn je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0h oké! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Geen zorgen, ik begrijp je bezorgdheid hier over het feit dat de enkele speler-draft niet laadt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Laten we daar snel aan werken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kan ik je PRS-ORG geassocieerde e-mailadres hebben, alstublieft? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
NAME-N, er kunnen hier echter twee scenario's zijn, ofwel resetten we het ontwerp, maar je moet vanaf het begin spelen of je moet wachten, aangezien dit een probleem lijkt met veel spelers en het team er eigenlijk aan werkt om het op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
NAME-N, deel alsjeblieft of je het opnieuw wilt instellen vanaf de eerste ronde? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ja, log uit als ik het voor je opnieuw instel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Daar ga je, ik heb het voor je gemaakt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het zou nu opnieuw moeten worden ingesteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik nog iets anders voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geen zorgen, het zal binnenkort zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het kan even duren voordat dit gebeurt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Hallo, bedankt dat je de tijd hebt genomen om contact op te nemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
😊 Ik wens je een fijne dag, het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-03-26Veel succes met alles wat komen gaat en blijf lachen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10. Als ik het goed begrijp, wil je de club in PRS-ORG opnieuw instellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­
✕ Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
100% zeker, ik zal proberen je te helpen met het resetten van de clublimiet in PRS-ORG en je de best beschikbare informatie te geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik zou je willen meedelen dat de optie om de club opnieuw in te stellen is verwijderd in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Hier is de link voor meer informatie: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Aangezien deze functie is verwijderd uit deze versie van het spel, kan niemand dit doen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​Helaas is er geen andere manier om het te starten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤗 Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
2 Mag ik weten hoe ik je kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als ik het goed begrijp, kun je niet inloggen op je account omdat het een optie vraagt om het wachtwoord opnieuw in te stellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­
Maak je geen zorgen, aangezien ik je bezorgdheid heb begrepen en ik je snel met dit probleem zal helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Help me alsjeblieft met de PSN Gebruikersnaam. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt, ik zal het nu voor je controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
ik heb een verificatie e-mail gestuurd, controleer of je een e-mail hebt ontvangen met de onderwerpregel "Verifieer het eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" in je postvak in of map met ongewenste e-mail. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Deel de code alsjeblieft met mij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
controleer alle mogelijke e-mails en kijk of je een code hebt ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✨, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Hopelijk gaat het goed met je, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​​Ja, je kunt het team verwijderen en het toevoegen volgens jouw keuze. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Geen zorgen, laat me kijken hoe ik je kan helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Ah! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Helaas om te zeggen dat je op PRS-ORG alleen kunt maken Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 keer club en zal je niet toestaan om een andere aan te maken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Ah! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​in PRS-ORG kunnen we de club niet verwijderen, zelfs als we geen optie hebben om De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​het toe te voegen of te verwijderen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% eerlijk tegen je. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geloof me, er is geen optie om de club te verwijderen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zal het van mijn kant melden en ik zal het zeer op prijs stellen als je de bug meldt via de onderstaande link: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Laat het me weten als je hulp nodig hebt met een ander probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
İk ben erg blij, ik zou dat graag willen horen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Alstublieft meneer, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik heb de details gecontroleerd en ik zal echt eerlijk met je zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Het probleem waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd, is iets waar we al van op de hoogte zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​We ontvangen vergelijkbare meldingen van spelers over de hele wereld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 op dit moment zal ik je tijd niet verspillen met het verstrekken van probleemoplossing, aangezien er geen probleemoplossing is die ik kan verstrekken die het probleem kan oplossen. We werken er echter hard aan om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Dus ik verzoek je om een tijdje te wachten en dit zal zeker worden opgelost, we hebben alleen je medewerking hier nodig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​Ja, nadat het probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank voor je begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor dit vriendelijke gedrag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Dank je wel, ik ontmoet zelden zo'n aardige persoon via de chat en zo'n coöperatief gedrag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 voordat ik deze chatgesprek beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-01 Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
❤️, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Ik kan zien dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen over het probleem met de anti-cheat bug English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Maak je geen zorgen, aangezien ik je bezorgdheid heb begrepen en ik je in dit geval zal helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in that Article.
1 ik begrijp dat je lang hebt gewacht op dit probleem. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Zoals ik heb geraadpleegd met het team over dit probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik zou je willen meedelen dat dit een bekend probleem is en al aan het technische team is gemeld, aangezien veel spelers met dit probleem worden geconfronteerd en op dit moment proberen ze het op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ik kan de exacte tijdsbestek hiervoor niet delen, maar ik zal mijn best doen om dit zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het lijkt erop dat je niet bij je toetsenbord bent, laat me alsjeblieft weten of we nog steeds verbonden zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

☎ Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
100% goed! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Geen zorgen, ik zal je zeker helpen bij het inloggen op je account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik je e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Je ontvangt een e-mail met een 6-cijferige code. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Kan je de code uit de e-mail delen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb een link voor het opnieuw instellen van je wachtwoord naar je e-mail gestuurd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
️Wijzig je wachtwoord en start de game. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Laat het me weten als je klaar bent, zodat ik de wijzigingen van mijn kant voor je kan opslaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
🌍 Hallo NAME-F, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen met het probleem met de ontbrekende uitbreidingspakketten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de details. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Zijn de uitbreidingen gekocht in de Playstation Store?
​Bedankt voor de informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik wil je graag informeren dat we alleen de aankopen beheren die op PRS-ORG worden gedaan, de aankopen die op PRS-ORG worden gedaan, worden alleen beheerd door NAME-F en de aankopen die met PRS-ORG worden gedaan, worden beheerd door PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt controleren of ze de facturen en facturen van de gemaakte aankopen zelf indienen, dus ik verzoek je contact op te nemen met PRS-ORG-ondersteuning over de ontbrekende uitbreidingsaankoop. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik verzoek je je geen zorgen te maken, ze kunnen je aankoop controleren en je helpen de uitbreiding opnieuw te krijgen vanuit de PSN Store. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Gratis. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Ik hoop dat je een geweldige dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Wees voorzichtig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Blijf veilig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Neem gerust contact met ons op als je in de toekomst hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ah! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1, ik begrijp het. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrechtzorg
👌 Oké, ik zal je helpen om te controleren of de ontbrekende 2 PRS-ORG spelers zijn verdwenen, omdat je ze niet hebt verkocht of ingediend in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Kan je de e-mail-ID delen die aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Mag ik ook je PSN ID weten? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Kan ik de naam weten van de spelers en hoe heb je ze gekregen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2021-04-12 15:19 Kan je de geschatte datum delen waarop je het hebt gekregen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Bedankt dat je het probleem aan ons hebt gemeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​We zijn ons ervan bewust, dit is een probleem dat door de server wordt veroorzaakt en ons specialisteam en ingenieurs werken met de beste mogelijkheden om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen.
​NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Er is geen reden om je zorgen te maken over English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 alles. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Je hoeft alleen even te wachten en wij zullen de rest regelen. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
​​Ja, het zou de komende paar uur beschikbaar moeten zijn om te downloaden vanaf hier. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen en mijn excuses voor het ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor je begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Aarzel niet om contact op te nemen als je nog hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergave ik heb een geweldige dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 blijf voor altijd gezegend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat ik een glimlach op je gezicht heb kunnen brengen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Om het probleem hier correct te begrijpen, is je account gecompromitteerd en kun je er nu niet meer op. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­
Ah! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Dat is niet de soort ervaring die we onze spelers willen geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal de details voor je controleren en kijken of ik je kan helpen met het probleem van de ontbrekende PRS-ORG-inhoud en de beveiliging van je account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Deel alsjeblieft het e-mailadres van je PRS-ORG-account en ook je PSN ID. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Zoals ik kan zien, heb je een probleem met het wijzigen van je e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geen zorgen, ik zal zeker zien wat het beste is dat we kunnen doen en zal mijn best doen om je hiermee te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Dank je wel! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ga naar Gamebibliotheek &gt; Eigenschappen &gt; Klik met de rechtermuisknop en controleer of je de optie krijgt om de taal te wijzigen. Als dat niet het geval is, herinstalleer dan het spel en je krijgt de optie om de taal te wijzigen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt voor je medewerking! Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 ik hoop dat je blij bent met mijn hulp.
10 Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt proberen het spel opnieuw te installeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-03-08 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Beste NAME-N, het lijkt erop dat u contact met ons hebt opgenomen over uw account.
2. Gelieve het probleem voor mij uit te leggen, zodat ik u beter kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
2 maar laat me eerst weten hoe het met u gaat vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country where the aquaculture products are produced, and the animal health status of the aquaculture production system.
​​Bedankt voor de details en ik zal het account controleren op de opschorting en de zaak aan het team doorgeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Laten we eens kijken wat er kan worden gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Kunt u me helpen met de e-mail die aan uw PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Bedankt voor de e-mail en ik stuur u een verificatie-e-mail samen met een zescijferige code en u ontvangt een e-mail van EMAIL met de onderwerpregel Controleer het eigendom van uw PRS-ORG-Account. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​Deel deze code om uw probleem op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Controleer uw e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Ik kan het begrijpen, ik zal het controleren en u hiermee helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Help me alsjeblieft met de code om het account te verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
🙂 Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
👍 Bedankt voor je bericht. Ik zal proberen je te helpen met de toegang tot de webapp op PRS-ORG op PS4. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
1. Alleen om te bevestigen, mag ik weten of je toegang hebt tot PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG Pro op Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​je account? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
👍 Ok, geen zorgen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Voor mijn beter begrip, zou ik willen bevestigen dat je vorig jaar PRS-ORG op de web-app speelde en nu overgeschakeld bent naar PRS-ORG, dus als je probeert toegang te krijgen tot de web-app op de De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​console, staat dat je op pc bent? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als ik het verkeerd heb. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dat is zo vriendelijk van je. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik begrijp dat dingen ingewikkeld worden wanneer we het opnieuw en opnieuw moeten herhalen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zal echter blij zijn om je te helpen bij het oplossen van het probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Natuurlijk kun je PRS-ORG kopen op PS4. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het me weten als je een foutmelding ondervindt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤗 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
100% perfect! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Dat is goed om te horen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
🙂 Ik ook! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
❤️ Dank je wel voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
NAME-M, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
1Geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met bezorgdheid over ontbrekende PRS-ORG-punten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Kan ik weten waar je de PRS-ORG-punten en de datum en tijd voor de bestelling hebt gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt voor het bevestigen van de details, NAME-M. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik kan je nieuwsgierigheid soms begrijpen vanwege serverproblemen van de Playstation-kant. De punten nemen tijd in beslag om in je account te worden weergegeven. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​In dergelijke gevallen duurt het tot 24 uur om de PRS-ORG-punten weer te geven op je PRS-ORG-account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10. Wees gerust, het zal zeker worden weergegeven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2/7 Als je nog steeds een probleem ondervindt, zijn we er altijd om je te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2/3 Is er nog iets waar ik je vandaag mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​NAME-M, aangezien de aankoop is gedaan via Playstation. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En helaas gebeurt dit vanuit de Playstation servers. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We kunnen de aankopen controleren die zijn gedaan via de PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG-app. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En helaas kunnen we de factuurgegevens van Playstation niet controleren via onze tools. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank voor je begrip en je medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Apart from this, kan ik je vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
1e Om te bevestigen, je ondervindt problemen met de conceptmodus? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik begrijp dat je problemen ondervindt met de glitch. Ik zal mijn best doen om je hierbij te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
2. Kan je alsjeblieft je geregistreerde e-mailadres met me delen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Heel erg bedankt voor het e-mailadres. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. Zoals ik met mijn bronnen heb gecontroleerd, zou ik je willen meedelen dat je deze link kunt bezoeken en dit op ons forum kunt posten en onze community managers zullen je zaak onderzoeken en je verder helpen. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat dit iets onverwacht is, waar spelers meestal nooit mee te maken krijgen, en we hebben ook nooit gewild dat onze spelers met dit probleem worden geconfronteerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​In dit geval verzoek ik je vriendelijk om de feedback te posten of de bug te melden op het PRS-ORG community forum, aangezien ons PRS-ORG team het probleem kan onderzoeken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hier deel ik de link: Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat het helpt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤗 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Oké, zoals ik kan zien, neem je contact met ons op over e-mailupdate in het account vanwege een ontoegankelijke e-mail. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✓ Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3 Bedankt voor je bericht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik ben hier om je te helpen met de e-mailupdate in het account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Laat me doorgaan en alle mogelijke oplossingen voor je controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor je geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​En voor de aankoop kun je elke PRS-ORG-game aankoop controleren via het PRS-ORG-account van elk jaar. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En zorg ervoor dat de game toegang heeft voor de online modus. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Het betreft ook een aankoop van het PRS-ORG-basisspel, niet de aankoop in het spel, zoals punten of munten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geen zorgen, controleer gewoon of je een PRS-ORG-game hebt gekocht via je PRS-ORG-account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Zorg ervoor dat je de PRS-ORG game-aankoop geeft, niet de in-game. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✉️. Het is een genoegen je te ontmoeten via chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Hopelijk gaat het goed met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the aquatic animals and the level of biosecurity measures applied in the third country.
🤔Waar kan ik je vandaag mee helpen?🤔 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Maak je geen zorgen, laat me doorgaan en je helpen met de codes. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
0612345678 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0612345678 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Gebruik deze codes als de verificatiecodes. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 ze werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Apart from this, kan ik u ergens mee helpen? | De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% genoegen en fijn om met je te praten hier. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik verzoek je om binnen te blijven, veilig te zijn en goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3: Bedankt voor het bevestigen van je naam, NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2/ Ik vertrouw erop dat alles goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik wil je niet opjagen, maar we hebben 4 minuten stilgezeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Ik wil graag weten of onze chat nog verbonden is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 minuut nadat je niet hebt gereageerd, wordt deze chat automatisch gesloten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Zoals ik je bezorgdheid begrijp, kun je het artikel niet kopen via PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
‎Klopt dat? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
✉️Bedankt voor de bevestiging. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal je zeker helpen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
1. Om te bevestigen, mag ik weten wat de exacte fout is waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad je aan om de betaalmethode te wijzigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor het wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt deze betaalmethodes proberen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● Creditcards, PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik verzoek je om de betaalmethode te wijzigen of om na enige tijd te proberen in te loggen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
2. Welnu, als je Ultimate Edition koopt, zul je zeker English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
4600 punten krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
❤️ Ja! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4800 punten krijg je, 1600 per maand gedurende drie maanden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten voor bevestiging. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor je geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb het team gecontroleerd of je de game opnieuw kunt downloaden van PRS-ORG, je krijgt dan 4800 punten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als ik je vandaag nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Leuk je te ontmoeten, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
0h, oké! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Ik begrijp het en ik zal het zeker controleren en je helpen het aankoopprobleem op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2022-01-11 09: 40: 54, 20u22 #1116665 door: Anonymous Eigenlijk konden de betalingsproblemen van de Playstation alleen worden opgelost door de PS-ondersteuning. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dat is waarom we misschien niet de juiste ondersteuningsdienst zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem contact op met de PS-ondersteuning en zij zullen je hierbij helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Nee, eigenlijk zijn het proces en de ondersteuning verschillend voor PRS-ORG, dus we hebben niet de oplossing of antwoord op je vraag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De PS-ondersteuning is de beste plek om hulp te krijgen bij dit. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Is er nog iets waar je hulp bij nodig hebt? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
İt was mijn genoegen om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
22: Je kunt deze chat nu sluiten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Dag en het beste! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik begrijp de situatie, je kunt geen PRS-ORG kopen, omdat de QR-code niet laadt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Laten we proberen je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt, ik ben het aan het controleren, welk apparaat gebruik je om munten te kopen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt, ik ben het aan het controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✉️Bedankt voor je tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb geen fout op het account gedetecteerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Probeer eerst de cache te wissen: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
1 / help / Veelgestelde vragen / Cache wissen om problemen met je games op te lossen / Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👋 Hallo NAME-M, Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten de doodstraf hebben afgeschaft, een bijdrage levert aan de verwezenlijking van de doelstellingen van de Unie op het gebied van de mensenrechten en de democratie.
13:00 uur Goedemiddag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik zie dat je geen PRS-ORG-games online kunt spelen op je PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Laat het me weten als ik het goed heb. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal je hierbij helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 laat me het account controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
​​De PSN ID is gekoppeld aan een verwijderd account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Je moet het wachtwoord opnieuw instellen om het account te activeren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Je moet het juiste e-mailadres vinden om het wachtwoord van het account opnieuw in te stellen om er weer toegang toe te krijgen als je geen nieuw account hebt aangemaakt met hetzelfde e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the assessment of the safety of the substances referred to in paragraph 1.
​Je vindt meer informatie op deze link: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het ons weten als je kunt inloggen nadat je het wachtwoord opnieuw hebt ingesteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je de e-mail niet meer weet of toegang hebt tot de e-mail die aan het verwijderde account was gekoppeld, laat het me dan weten, zodat ik je iets anders kan voorstellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met het opnieuw instellen van de limiet voor het maken van clubs in het spel PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor het delen van de details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik zal proberen je accountgegevens op te halen, even geduld met mij alsjeblieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​De laatste adviseur heeft de clublimiet op je PS gereset. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Start je spel opnieuw op en controleer het nog een keer. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik heb het voor je gedaan op je PS. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Afgezien hiervan, laat me alsjeblieft weten of ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Je kunt contact met ons opnemen voor vragen over de game en bezoek URL voor tips en trucs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Toon meer Toon minder Zorg goed voor jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you, NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Kon je me vertellen waar je de game hebt gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Ik begrijp het. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​NAME-F, om dit probleem op te lossen, moet je contact opnemen met de winkel, zij kunnen helpen met de game code. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
​We kunnen de game code niet genereren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
123Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
21: 11: 19 U bent verbazingwekkend kalm en meewerkend, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem gerust contact op als je in de toekomst problemen ondervindt met het spel en het PRS-ORG-account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤝Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙏 Blijf veilig en blijf gezond! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Aangenaam kennis te maken, NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✨ ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie, ik zal je helpen met de best mogelijke oplossing voor het controleren van de geëscaleerde zaak. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Geef me een paar minuten de tijd terwijl ik dit onderzoek. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Maak je geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik kan je bezorgdheid begrijpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor het wachten hier. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Zoals ik kan zien, is deze dezelfde zaak geëscaleerd voor het onderzoek naar ontbrekende inhoud naar ons toegewijde team en heb je dezelfde zaak hervat, omdat er veel gevallen in de wachtrij kunnen zijn, soms kan het even duren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​​​​​​Echter, wanneer je dezelfde zaak opnieuw hervat, wordt deze opnieuw uit de wachtrij verwijderd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ga de zaak nu opnieuw voor je escaleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik waardeer je geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat je snel antwoord krijgt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als je nog andere problemen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik escaler ik opnieuw voor je op de best mogelijke manier. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Voor vragen over PRS-ORG-games kun je altijd contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-01-11 Dag, ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weet ik het. Een fijne dag nog! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Nice to meet you, NAME-F!
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🔎 Spelers mogen geen accounts delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
PRS-ORG ' s gebruikersovereenkomst laat spelers weten dat ze verantwoordelijk zijn voor de activiteit op hun PRS-ORG-Account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10. Je PRS-ORG-Account kan worden opgeschort of beëindigd als iemand anders het gebruikt om activiteiten uit te voeren die in strijd zijn met deze overeenkomst. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Laat me alsjeblieft weten of ik je bezorgdheid heb begrepen, je wilt een specifiek spel overzetten van het ene PRS-ORG-Account naar het andere. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
❓ Klopt dat?
​​Ik zal de details zeker onderzoeken en proberen je zaak met mijn team te bespreken om te controleren of we een specifiek spel kunnen overdragen of niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Wat is het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-accounts is gekoppeld? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Zoals ik je hierboven heb vermeld, zal ik proberen je zaak met mijn team te bespreken om te controleren of we een specifiek spel kunnen overdragen of niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
00: Wil je doorgaan? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik er nog iets voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik doe mijn best om te helpen en ik heb je medewerking nodig om te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 Ik kan zien dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen over PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
ould je hier wat meer toelichting geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Bedankt voor het delen van het probleem met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met de mogelijke opties die beschikbaar zijn met betrekking tot de ontbrekende PRS-ORG-punten Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Mag ik alsjeblieft weten waar je punten hebt gekocht? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Zoals ik kan begrijpen, heb je het gekocht bij de Playstation Store. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Mag ik weten of de aankoop is gedaan in de afgelopen 24 uur of na deze periode? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geef het aankoopbewijs als per de instructie hier gegeven met betrekking tot Playstation - URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je hebt het gekocht terwijl je de game op Playstation speelde, dat betekent dat het is gekocht bij Playstation. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Open gewoon de link en zoek het gedeelte van Playstation en stuur de afbeeldingen dienovereenkomstig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Heb je je console opnieuw opgestart en gecontroleerd nadat je de punten hebt gekocht? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Als dat niet het geval is, controleer het dan na het opnieuw opstarten van de console. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Laat me kijken wat ik kan doen, geef me een paar minuten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
​​Ik kan doorgaan met een terugbetaling voor deze aankoop. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Wilt u de terugbetaling liever terug op uw creditcard of als winkeltegoed? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
365 dagen winkeltegoed kan onmiddellijk worden gebruikt bij uw volgende aankoop en wordt automatisch gebruikt tijdens het afrekenen om het juiste boek te kunnen kopen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3 tot 5 werkdagen duren voordat de terugbetaling op uw creditcard wordt weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me, maar de aankoop is niet verwerkt door onze betalingsprovider, wat meestal minimaal 2 uur duurt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-la-Ruelle - Boek op Hotels.com
2. We zullen uw terugbetaling verwerken zodra de betaling is afgeschreven en u een bevestiging per e-mail ontvangt zodra deze is voltooid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
3-5 dagen wachten om de terugbetaling op uw originele betaalmethode te zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
13 juni 2021 13: 06
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor het wachten NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Het systeem toont aan dat de transactie nog bezig is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Heeft u het omschrijvingsnummer van de PRS-ORG-bon? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​bedankt NAME-F. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb het boek handmatig toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Synchroniseer uw lezer of app om de wijzigingen toe te passen en vertel me of u het boek kunt openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% geen probleem. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Heb ook een fijne avond, NAME-F, en geniet van uw boek. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
2 wezenlijke excuses voor de vertraging van de levering van dit boek. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's trade in aquaculture animals and products.
2. Kan ik om uw e-mailadres vragen, zodat we dit kunnen controleren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
​Bedankt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Oh, bedankt! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​we kunnen eigenlijk bevestigen dat het boek nu is afgeleverd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Laat het ons weten als u problemen ondervindt bij het openen van het boek English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Glad te weten, NAME-F! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Aarzel niet om contact met ons op te nemen als u ooit hulp nodig heeft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Of u kunt gewoon gaan en URL (URL) bezoeken voor eventuele vragen die u mogelijk heeft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-01 Een fijne dag toegewenst en veel leesplezier! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Heeft u de betalingsgegevens van PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10:11: Thank you, ik heb het boek aan uw account toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
14:00 uur, bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​stel me alstublieft het beschrijvingsnummer in het bankafschrift toe English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​het e-boek is met succes toegevoegd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​is er nog iets waar u hulp bij nodig heeft? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​dit is een probleem met betrekking tot PRS-ORG
​betalingswijze ​ Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10. Soms duurt het langer om de bevestiging van de kosten te verzenden Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​ik herhaal, het probleem ligt bij PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​PRS-ORG levert het e-book onmiddellijk after een afschrijving wordt weergegeven De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
gebruik in plaats daarvan een creditcard of probeer het met PayPal De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Wanneer u een aankoop doet, wordt het beschrijvingsnummer gemaakt, moet PRS-ORG PRS-ORG informeren dat de transactie en het geld met succes zijn verzameld, soms gaat deze communicatie fout en komt de informatie niet bij PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt ons echt dat dit niet kan worden opgelost vanuit PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geloof me, als er een snelle oplossing voor dit was, zou dit al vele jaren geleden zijn opgelost De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​ik herhaal nogmaals, er is geen oplossing aan het einde van PRS-ORG, we raden u aan om een andere betaalmethode te gebruiken om dit ongemak te voorkomen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​we bieden geen ondersteuning voor de betalingsverwerker van PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Dus we kunnen deze storing niet oplossen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Sorry voor het ongemak De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder.
​​Leuk u te ontmoeten, NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
Ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag hebt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 we begrijpen het, maar we hebben geen functie waarmee u vouchers kunt verzenden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Nee, u kunt geen e-boeken of audioboeken cadeau geven, omdat we die functie niet hebben. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​U kunt een cadeaubon cadeau geven English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​U kunt het kopen bij PRS-ORG, URL of mediamarket. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​U kunt het verzenden en de persoon zal het kunnen inwisselen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u ons hebt gekozen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14 dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
2 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Wat kan ik voor u doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 Heeft u geprobeerd in te loggen met Facebook op uw e-reader-apparaat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👍 oké. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. In dit geval zal ik uw probleem doorgeven aan ons accountteam om u te helpen in te loggen op het juiste account dat uw boek heeft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​U zult zo snel mogelijk van hen horen via e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❤ Als u wilt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
06-123456789 U kunt ons bellen op dit nummer: PHONENUMBER De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Minuten geleden heb ik uw bericht beantwoord. Ik moet deze chat sluiten om kwaliteitsredenen als ik binnen 2 minuten geen reactie ontvang. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kunt u het ontvangstnummer van het boek dat u hebt gekocht opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0r de titel? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Alles goed! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
2 Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
100% Ik kan uw boek overzetten naar uw hoofdaccount. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Wilt u het andere account actief houden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Excellent! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2 ik heb uw boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd, vernieuw of synchroniseer uw apparaten om het daar te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik kan zien dat u al met een andere agent aan het chatten was, wilt u dat ik controleer of deze beschikbaar is? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10. Ik kan u ook blijven helpen als u dat wilt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
NAME-M, het probleem wordt opgelost, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Wel, mogelijk was het een synchronisatie- of wifi-probleem.
404. Dat het boek aan onze kant opnieuw wordt toegevoegd, lost het meestal op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Maar als u in de toekomst hetzelfde probleem heeft, neem dan gerust opnieuw contact met ons op, we helpen u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​​Graag gedaan, ik zal NAME-M laten weten dat het is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt om dit te laten weten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-M, bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
U ontvangt binnenkort een vragenlijst, als u tijd hebt en tevreden bent, willen we graag uw mening weten over de ontvangen hulp. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Bedankt voor uw medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank u wel en een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Moment alstublieft terwijl ik uw account verifieer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000x bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Met dit zal ik het boek handmatig toevoegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten de tijd. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrechtzorg
​Bedankt voor het wachten. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik heb het boek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Synchroniseer uw account en laat me weten of u uw boek ziet. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union financial contribution referred to in paragraph 2.
1 Bericht u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​Ik help u graag verder.
10 dank u voor de informatie, geef me alstublieft een momentje. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Kunt u alstublieft een synchronisatie maken naar uw account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Neem uw tijd, ik ben hier als u me nodig hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geweldig om dat te horen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/02/2020 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik zie dat de aankoop aan onze kant als mislukt wordt weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Maar maakt u zich geen zorgen, met de informatie die u heeft verstrekt, heb ik de aankoop kunnen verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Het boek is toegevoegd aan uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
U hoeft alleen maar te synchroniseren, alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Perfect, geweldig nieuws! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
En graag gedaan. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
ik hoop dat u geniet van het boek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u op dit moment nog verder helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als dat niet zo is, dan zou dat alles van mijn kant zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een heel fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Ja, heel erg bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
2 ik hoop dat u goed bent. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 ik ben NAME-F en ik zal vandaag uw persoonlijke assistente zijn, laat me alsjeblieft weten hoe ik kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp het, het spijt me heel erg voor dit incident. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrechtzorg
3DS is een nieuwe wet van de Europese Commissie die is ontworpen om fraude te verminderen door het opleggen van strengere beveiligingsvereisten voor online transacties. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Dit wachtwoord en deze gebruiker worden verstrekt door uw bankprovider of bankapplicatie. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 Kunt u de aankoop op de computer voltooien? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
ik begrijp het, u kunt meer te weten komen over de Betalingsdienstenrichtlijn op: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. We kunnen proberen de aankoop te voltooien op URL als u wilt, zodat we kunnen zien of de betaling doorgaat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Aarzel niet om contact met mij op te nemen als u iets nodig hebt, ik kan u ook via e-mail blijven helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Mag ik vragen of u de andere USB-kabel hebt geprobeerd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Bedankt, wat is de computer die u hebt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3 Kunt u me helpen door op een andere USB-poort op uw computer te proberen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik raad u aan om een nieuwe USB-kabel te kopen en ervoor te zorgen dat deze bestanden overbrengt, in de tussentijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Probeer de stappen op de volgende link De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, ik wil graag weten of we nog steeds verbonden zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik bedoelde te zeggen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik zou u aanraden om een nieuwe USB-kabel te kopen en ervoor te zorgen dat het bestanden kan overbrengen, in de tussentijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Probeer de stappen op de volgende link De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder.
​​Ik heb uw bericht gelezen en ik laat het volgende weten: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
wij zijn op de hoogte van het probleem waarbij het PRS-ORG-logo wordt weergegeven wanneer de e-reader in de slaapmodus is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Onze team werkt ijverig aan het oplossen van dit probleem in een toekomstige release. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Helaas hebben we geen geschatte tijd van oplossing, dus we raden u aan om uw PRS-ORG regelmatig bij te werken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Wij bieden onze excuses aan voor het ongemak. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Als u vragen heeft, laat het ons dan weten of neem contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen?
​​Om dit probleem te compenseren, bied ik u een speciale korting aan De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 geldig voor een e-book of audioboek De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik open uw account om de informatie te bevestigen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% graag gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% natuurlijk. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
100% Gratis. Graag gedaan. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Ben blij dat ik kon helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Ik hoop dat u geniet van uw dag en bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000x bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Kunt u mij het ontvangstnummer van het boek geven, zodat ik het onmiddellijk kan nagaan? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000 dank. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik denk dat ik het probleem heb gevonden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Uw betalingsplatform verwerkt de autorisatie nog steeds, de afschrijving op uw afschrift is alleen een pre-autorisatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Het gebeurt vaak met betalingsmiddelen zoals PRS-ORG een ideaal. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. We willen u echter niet langer laten wachten op het boek, dus ik heb het al aan uw account toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% mijn genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Synchroniseer uw apparaat om het boek te zien De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/06/2021 10: 45: 00 Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Geef me een paar momenten om uw informatie te verifiëren. | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Van welk apparaat ondervindt u dit probleem? | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
1. Om dit probleem op te lossen, meldt u zich af bij uw account in de e-reader en meldt u zich vervolgens weer aan en u zou weer toegang moeten hebben tot PRS-ORG-boeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​U vindt instructies om uit te loggen in de volgende link: URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
2 Geen probleem Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14 dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20:00 uur Een fijne avond gewenst, Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Mijn excuses voor de verbroken verbinding, maar ik heb u terug kunnen krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor uw informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik heb de kans gehad om het te verifiëren en ik heb het boek in uw bibliotheek vrijgegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3 kunt u synchroniseren op uw apparaat en bevestig bij mij dat u het heeft ontvangen, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% geweldig! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Het is goed om dat te weten! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
1 ik hoop echt dat u geniet van uw boek! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Het is me een genoegen.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 En bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 dank u voor de informatie, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
1. Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​ik heb uw account gevonden English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Als u het abonnement nu annuleert, blijven de boeken nog 10 dagen in uw account staan, dan worden ze verwijderd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 dagen na de annuleringsdatum. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Helaas worden de boeken automatisch door het systeem verwijderd, we kunnen de vervaldatum niet wijzigen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ga door met u De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me, vanwege kwaliteitsdoeleinden zal ik deze chat moeten sluiten als ik binnen 2 minuten geen reactie ontvang. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Ik zal deze chat nu sluiten, aangezien er geen reactie is ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik help u graag verder via e-mail, of u kunt op een voor u beter moment weer contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Kan u me vertellen of dit alleen met één boek gebeurt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp het, kunt u me alsjeblieft helpen met de naam van het boek waarmee u problemen ondervindt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat me wat tests uitvoeren op het boek Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik ben nog steeds bij u, bedankt voor uw tijd Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik denk dat u een oudere versie hebt, laat me het verwijderen en opnieuw toevoegen Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1Kan u me alsjeblieft helpen om te synchroniseren? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U zou het nu niet moeten zien De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Perfect, ziet u het boek nu?
İk ben blij dat ik u heb kunnen helpen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Weet dat we er altijd voor u zijn! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Fijne leestijd! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Moment alstublieft terwijl ik uw account verifieer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Heel erg bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Hiermee zal ik het boek handmatig toevoegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten de tijd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik heb het boek toegevoegd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Synchroniseer uw account en laat me weten of u uw boek ziet. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
100% perfect, kunt u bevestigen dat het boek wordt geopend? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
↑ Geweldig, bedankt voor het meedelen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
ik hoop dat u een geweldige leestijd hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2018 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
3. Laat me controleren wat er is gebeurd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het lijkt erop dat er een fout aan onze kant was, maar ik heb het kunnen oplossen, u zou het boek nu moeten kunnen zien als u synchroniseert English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​Geweldig! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
*avond English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animal health in the Union.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10.00 Ik zie de transactie in uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animal health in the Union.
​In mijn systeem is de status ervan 'in behandeling'. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Daarom staat het boek niet in uw bibliotheek. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Kunt u de omschrijving van uw PRS-ORG-afschrijving geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. Ik zal het boek aan uw bibliotheek toevoegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 minuten alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​In dit geval zie ik dat de aankoop aan onze kant als mislukt wordt weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Maar maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik kan het boek aan uw account toevoegen, maar we hebben een aankoopbewijs nodig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​De volgende code moet zichtbaar zijn: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​U kunt gewoon de code kopiëren, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ā, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoe gaat het? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
U hebt al een tijdje niet gereageerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Heeft u nog steeds hulp nodig? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat u al een tijdje niet hebt gereageerd, moet ik de chat sluiten om de kwaliteit te waarborgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als u later meer hulp nodig heeft, neem dan gerust contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik heb geverifieerd dat er een betaling in behandeling is door PRS-ORG op uw PRS-ORG/URL-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
Dankzij uw informatie heb ik geverifieerd dat het beschrijvingsnummer en het transactienummer op uw bestelling overeenkomen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
ik heb deze titel aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Synchroniseer uw apparaten om deze nieuwe titel te downloaden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​Geweldig! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Ik ben blij dat u nu toegang hebt tot uw e-book!! Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
14 Voor uw referentie stuur ik u een transcriptie van ons gesprek. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
Als u nog vragen of opmerkingen heeft, kunt u die e-mail altijd beantwoorden en kunnen we u verder helpen.
Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animal health in the Union.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ziet u "oops! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Dit document kon niet worden geopend, er kan een probleem zijn met het bestand. " English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​foutmelding? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Oh, ik begrijp het. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Dat is oké. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Kunt u controleren of u problemen hebt met een ander boek? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1e Om er zeker van te zijn dat Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Zoover
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Het spijt me, ik begrijp niet wat u bedoelt, u wilt uw e-reader en PRS-ORG of het PRS-ORG autoriseren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Ja, als de boeken zijn geleend of als de boeken zijn gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Daarvoor kunt u deze gids volgen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL- Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik begrijp het, nou dit werkt alleen op de computer, voor PRS-ORG op ipad ben ik bang dat u daarvoor contact moet opnemen met PRS-ORG, we hebben geen ondersteuning voor PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0r iPad De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 dank u, laat me uw account controleren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Het systeem toont dat de aankoop nog bezig is. | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Heeft u het omschrijvingsnummer van de PRS-ORG-bon? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u wel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb het boek handmatig toegevoegd, synchroniseer uw lezer of app om de wijzigingen toe te passen en vertel me of u het boek kunt openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1000 dank. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
2. Als u nog andere problemen of vragen heeft, neem dan opnieuw contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20:00 uur Een fijne avond gewenst. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Mijn naam is NAME-M en ik zal u helpen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Oh, ik begrijp het. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Vertel me alstublieft op welk PRS-ORG apparaat u uw boek probeert te openen Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
👍 Ok, ik zal controleren wat er aan de hand is met die boeken. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Wacht alstublieft Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Heeft u ze in de winkel gekocht? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geef me de titel en auteur van het boek De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
📚 Ok, ik kan dat boek niet in uw bibliotheek zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Κυντάκι προσέξτε και μια λάβετε προσπάθεια για να το καταγράψετε. / De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
1 Hopelijk gaat het goed met u. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 dank u, zou u me een moment willen toestaan om de aankoop te controleren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 Hartelijk dank voor uw tijd. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Is er nog iets anders waar ik u vandaag mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​e-books zijn toegevoegd * De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​De andere afschrijving is naar ons terugbetalingsteam gestuurd en u ontvangt overdag een bevestigingsmail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u geniet van uw dag en bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Bedankt voor het wachten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Het spijt me dat u dit probleem ondervindt, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​​er was een fout met uw betaling bij PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Geef me alstublieft uw nummers Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
11-cijferig nummer dat u op uw factuur of betalingsgegevens kunt vinden, het nummer begint met 1... English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1 U vindt het in uw PRS-ORG-account, in de betalingsgegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​​​​​​zodat ik uw terugbetalingsverzoek kan doorgeven aan een hogere autoriteit De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U vindt het in uw PRS-ORG-account, in de betalingsgegevens De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Mijn naam is NAME-M en ik zal u helpen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
0h ik begrijp het English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Help me alsjeblieft hiermee English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Geef me nog een keer de titel en auteur van uw boek. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​En als uw aankoop is gedaan met PRS-ORG, geef me dan het English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ogenblik NAME-F. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
10 Ik zal uw account controleren Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Minke, ik zal dit moeten doorgeven, zodat ik uw aankoop kan vinden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1maal gevonden, nemen we contact met u op via e-mail met een oplossing De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Op dit moment accepteert het abonnement alleen creditcardbetalingen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Gebruikt u PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
● Winkelkrediet werkt niet voor abonnementen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
In dat geval zou ik u adviseren om het huidige abonnement dat u bij ons hebt te annuleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Daarna kunt u het abonnement toevoegen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Met hen kunt u betalen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik help u graag verder English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% zeker! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Geef me een moment om uw account te verifiëren en uw verzoek te verwerken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Wilt u beide aankopen annuleren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​of alleen degene die u me geeft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1 wacht een moment, ik werk eraan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​De terugbetaling is met succes verwerkt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
7,99 € EUR wordt teruggestort op uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ik zal u een bevestigings-e-mail sturen met alle details van de terugbetaling voor verdere referentie English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
Gemeente graag gedaan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Mijn naam is NAME-M en ik zal u helpen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Vertel me alsjeblieft welk apparaat je gebruikt om te lezen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Geef me ook uw aankoopbewijs Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
​​de titel en auteur van het boek dat u hebt gekocht English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Dus de titel van het boek zou zijn: gossip girl. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4e boek Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
📚 En de auteur?📚 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En de auteur? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​NAME-F, ik zal dit moeten doorgeven om uw aankoop te vinden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1maal ik het heb gevonden, zal ik contact met u opnemen wanneer het boek nu op uw account staat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Geef me indien mogelijk een aankoopbewijs De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases.
2 Mag ik weten of u voor de aankoop bent gedebiteerd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Heel erg bedankt NAME-F. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb het boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd NAME-F Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​U kunt het nu vinden Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14:15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt NAME-F De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me heel erg om u te laten weten dat Chromebooks niet worden ondersteund door onze app English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​​Ik zal dit probleem melden en mijn superieuren zullen ervoor zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Voor nu kunt u alleen lezen met uw PRS-ORG Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​sorry voor het ongemak De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
📱 U kunt synchroniseren via WiFi met behulp van de e-reader De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​controleer alstublieft de volgende informatie De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ja, inderdaad, is normaal. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
📚 Alle boeken die u hebt gekocht, worden opgeslagen in uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​niet op de e-reader. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Als u zich aanmeldt op een nieuw apparaat. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
​U zult de boeken die u hebt gekocht kunnen zien. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Gelieve dit te doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
✉️. Het is een genoegen je te ontmoeten via chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Hopelijk gaat het goed met je vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Laat me je account eerst controleren, zodat ik kan weten waar de iue is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker, ik zal mijn best doen om te controleren en je te helpen met de mogelijke informatie voor dit probleem dat je ondervindt bij PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Mag ik weten of er foutmeldingen op het scherm worden weergegeven?
10 Mag ik weten welke gegevens je op welke schijf opslaat? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👌Oké!
​​Geen zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb de details gecontroleerd en ik zal echt eerlijk met je zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het probleem waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd, is iets waar we al van op de hoogte zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We ontvangen vergelijkbare meldingen van andere spelers over de hele wereld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Onze teams zijn op de hoogte van het probleem en werken ijverig aan de oplossing. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dit is een probleem dat door de server wordt gegenereerd en ons gespecialiseerde team werkt ijverig om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen, dus ik verzoek je vriendelijk om even te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 we hebben alleen je medewerking hier nodig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik zou je geduld hiermee vragen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Als ik het goed begrijp, wil je de lijst met vertrouwde apparaten in de PRS-ORG wissen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
‎Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik zal zeker kijken naar de opties om je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Goedendag NAME-F, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✗ Dus zoals ik kan begrijpen, kun je PRS-ORG niet installeren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
🙂 Oke! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat de PRS-ORG-client is gesloten, dus je zult vanaf nu de PRS-ORG-app moeten gebruiken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Gebruik de onderstaande link om het te downloaden. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik dank je voor je geduld met mij en medewerking in deze zaak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om met je te praten en je te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Neem gerust contact met ons op als je problemen ondervindt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/1/2021 Bedankt dat u contact met ons hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat je een geweldige dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✉ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, mijn excuses voor het gebruik van de Engelse taal. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Ik begrijp dat je de geboortedatum op je PRS-ORG-account wilt bijwerken, omdat het per ongeluk als een kindaccount is ingesteld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Klopt dat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍Oké. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ik begrijp je bezorgdheid. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Medical Jobs
​Maak je geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Ik zal je zo goed mogelijk helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor de PRS-ORG ID, ik zal het nu voor je controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het is niets om dankbaar voor te zijn, aangezien het een eer is om een toegewijde speler zoals jij te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik weten dat ik spreek met de voogd / ouder van het minderjarige account? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Oké. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Mag ik het leeftijd van je kind weten?
2 Het lijkt erop dat je niet bij je toetsenbord bent, laat me alsjeblieft weten of we nog steeds verbonden zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5. Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
🙂 Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Vertel me alsjeblieft wat het probleem is waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Ik zal je zeker helpen met de informatie over PRS-ORG-aankopen op PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Umm, ik wil je geen valse verwachtingen geven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Maar je probleem kan van onze kant niet worden gevalideerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We hebben je feedback of bugrapport geregistreerd voor beoordeling. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Er kunnen andere spelers zijn die vergelijkbare feedback hebben ingediend of vergelijkbare problemen hebben op PRS-ORG, zodat ze deze kunnen opvragen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Deze situatie is nogal vreemd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb geprobeerd te controleren, maar er wordt niets soortgelijks gevonden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. U kunt echter proberen uw console opnieuw op te starten om te controleren of dit de situatie verbetert. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14 Is er nog iets anders waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, ik zie dat je PRS-ORG-punten hebt gekocht in plaats van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
⚠ Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Laat me eens kijken wat ik voor je kan doen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10. Mag ik weten waar je de punten hebt gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000 Ik begrijp het. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik heb zojuist met mijn team bevestigd en ik wil je graag informeren dat we alleen een terugbetaling kunnen doen als de aankoop bij ons is gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​We zijn de directe verkoper voor de PRS-ORG-app, dat wil zeggen voor pc. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​We zijn gewoon de fabrikanten voor PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Daarom kan hun aankoop- en factuurafdeling je helpen met de terugbetaling, afhankelijk van hun terugbetalingsbeleid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% gastvrijheid is ons motto. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik nog iets voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het was een genoegen om je te helpen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20:00 uur. Ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik hoop dat je een terugbetaling krijgt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Wees voorzichtig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo daar! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
11. Heel erg leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat je een geweldige dag hebt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Oké, dus heb je nu een probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👍Oké. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik zal het zeker controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zal zeker mijn best doen om je te helpen, zodat je PRS-ORG op PRS-ORG kunt spelen. De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase
0k, heb je ooit verwijdering aangevraagd? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​van je PRS-ORG-account? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Een account dat aan je PSN is gekoppeld, is verwijderd en om het verwijderde account te herstellen, moet je proberen in te loggen met alle mogelijke e-mails en vervolgens het wachtwoord opnieuw instellen wanneer je wordt gevraagd om dit te doen met behulp van de e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Zorg ervoor dat je geen nieuw account hebt aangemaakt met hetzelfde e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Neem hulp van de link. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het probleem is dat het PSN-account is gekoppeld aan een verwijderd PRS-ORG-account, dus je moet het verwijderde PRS-ORG-account herstellen, volg gewoon de stappen die ik hierboven heb gedeeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik begrijp het, maar aangezien het een verwijderd account is, kan ik geen wijzigingen aanbrengen totdat het is hersteld en actief. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔ Hoe gaat het vandaag met je? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het lijkt erop dat we problemen hebben met de toegang tot e-mail van het PRS-ORG-Account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
1. Klopt dat?
​Bedankt voor het bevestigen van het probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Wees gerust, ik bied graag mijn hulp aan om de toegang tot het PRS-ORG-Account te herstellen en een toegankelijk e-mailadres daar bij te werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten van het PRS-ORG-Account waarop je problemen hebt? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 oké! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
16. Heb je toegang tot EMAIL met de juiste spelling?
​​Omdat er geen activiteit in de chat is, zal het systeem de chat over een tijdje automatisch beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik verzoek je om te reageren om de sessie actief te houden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-07-14 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat je een fijne dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
○ Heb je een anti-cheat probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zou je willen meedelen dat mijn vriend. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🔧 Onze server is momenteel onderhouden. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Dus ik zou je willen verzoeken om alsjeblieft wat tijd te wachten, het zal worden opgelost. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
Niet een paar dagen, mijn vriend, het is slechts een paar uur, dan kun je het spel spelen :) Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik dank je voor je medewerking in deze zaak. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Eigenlijk is er geen tijdsbestek, maar ja, het zal zo snel mogelijk worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14. Apart from dit is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is een eer om een gamer te ontmoeten met geweldige waarden en passie voor gaming zoals jij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 We stellen je begrip en medewerking op prijs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat je elk spel wint dat je speelt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Blijf spelen, blijf winnen, blijf stralen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-1-13T11:43:51+01:00Farewell until we connect again. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je krijgt zo snel mogelijk het goede nieuws, mijn PRS-ORG-speler :) De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Zoals ik kan begrijpen, wil je hulp bij de PRS-ORG-code. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Geen zorgen.
​​Ik zal je zeker proberen te helpen met hetzelfde. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Controleer opnieuw of je de code correct hebt toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Geef me alsjeblieft wat tijd om dit voor je te controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik wil je ook graag informeren dat het antwoord op je berichten vertraagd kan zijn vanwege de grote toestroom van vragen aan onze kant. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
🙂 Nee, bedankt voor het aanbieden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt voor het wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik wil je graag informeren dat je contact moet opnemen met de winkel over dit probleem, omdat de code via hen is gekocht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​De code is wat je toegang geeft tot het spel, je betaalt voor de code zelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​De inhoud maakt deel uit van de gameversie die je hebt besteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​De code maakt je game in essentie een ultimate edition van de normale editie door de inhoud te leveren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je moet contact opnemen met de winkel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hey, leuk je te ontmoeten!! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het lijkt erop dat je gekochte PRS-ORG-punten mist, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal je zeker helpen om je ontbrekende PRS-ORG-punten te krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Heb je PRS-ORG-punten gekocht bij PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 van de afbeeldingen zijn ontoegankelijk vanwege het verkeerde formaat en de andere is gedeeld vanaf een mobiel apparaat dat niet kan worden gevalideerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik weten hoeveel punten je hebt gekocht en wanneer je ze hebt gekocht? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden met deze sessie? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Nee, je kunt afbeeldingen indienen in JPEG of PNG-formaat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Deze link zal u helpen om deze aankoopbewijsbestanden aan deze zaak te koppelen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik wil je niet opjagen, maar we zijn al een tijdje inactief. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik wil graag weten of onze chat nog steeds verbonden is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad je aan om volledig uit te loggen bij PRS-ORG en opnieuw in te loggen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Heb je je ontbrekende punten gekregen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✨, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✱ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
✗ Zoals ik kan begrijpen, wil je hulp bij het overzetten van games English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤗 Geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik zal je zeker proberen te helpen met hetzelfde. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
👍 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Geef me alsjeblieft wat tijd om dit voor je te controleren en te zien of het spel kan worden overgedragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 Bedankt voor het wachten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
2 Ik zou je willen meedelen dat ik dit zojuist met mijn team heb gecontroleerd en het spel kan niet worden overgedragen tussen accounts, omdat het is gekoppeld aan het PRS-ORG-account waar de code voor is ingewisseld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Helaas kan dat niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Game code eenmaal ingewisseld op een account is permanent en kan alleen worden gebruikt op dat account en er kunnen geen wijzigingen in de code worden aangebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zij kan, maar ze moet het account gebruiken waarop het spel momenteel staat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik weten waar je de game hebt gekocht en ik zal controleren of we een terugbetaling kunnen verstrekken? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat we niets van je hebben gehoord, sluit onze tool de chat nu. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog hulp nodig hebt met dit of een ander probleem, aarzel dan niet om contact met ons op te nemen via URL, ik wens je een fijne dag! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❓ Dus je moet de spelers herstellen die in SBC staan, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Geen zorgen, ik zal je zeker helpen met alle mogelijke manieren met al mijn inspanningen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 Dank voor je medewerking! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik wil je graag informeren dat als je eenmaal SBC hebt gedaan, je het niet kunt terugdraaien, zelfs niet als we het niet kunnen herstellen, omdat er geen optie is om het te herstellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10. Ik hoop dat je het begrijpt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het lijkt erop dat dit een bug-probleem is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​We stellen het op prijs dat je ons op de hoogte brengt hiervan, ik ga dit meteen documenteren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het team zal dit dubbel controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Nogmaals bedankt dat je dit onder onze aandacht hebt gebracht. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik zou je aanraden om het spel te blijven spelen en enige tijd te wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Laat het team het onderzoeken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hopelijk wordt dit bug-probleem zeer binnenkort opgelost. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Het goede is dat dit onder de aandacht is gebracht van ons gameteam en dat ze er ijverig aan werken om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen, PRS-ORG Help is hier voor je en zal je nooit in de steek laten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Bedankt voor je geduld en medewerking, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik nog iets anders voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-07-14 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Wees altijd blij, zorg goed voor jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
✨ ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Bedankt voor de info. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Geen zorgen, laten we eens kijken wat er kan worden gedaan om je te helpen met je terugkerende speler pakketten in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat je moet wachten tot de wereldwijde lancering. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
🎁 Je krijgt je pakketten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Dank voor je begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik zou je willen meedelen dat je De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2021 voor in aanmerking te komen voor vroege toegang tot de PRS-ORG2Web en PRS-ORG apps. moet je een PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG hebben gemaakt en voor 1 augustus 2021 op je platform op PRS-ORG hebben ingelogd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country where the aquaculture products are produced, and the animal health status of the aquaculture production system.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat, dat je gezond bent en dat je een geweldig leven hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​​Ik begrijp je vraag over de beschikbaarheid van de korting bij het voorbestellen van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2/ Wees gerust, ik ben hier om je hiermee te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Mag ik weten op welk platform je speelt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Dank je wel voor het bevestigen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik verzoek je om de onderstaande link te bekijken voor meer informatie: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 We stellen je geduld en begrip zeer op prijs. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Kan ik nog iets anders voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Je kunt in het artikel zoeken door filter te gebruiken voor korting. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zie dat je een PRS-ORG-fout op je PRS-ORG ondervindt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat dit een lopend probleem is, aangezien veel spelers ons hetzelfde hebben gemeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik raad je aan om het spel opnieuw te installeren en de cache van PRS-ORG te wissen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Het kan je probleem oplossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Maar als dat niet het geval is, maak je geen zorgen, ons team werkt er nog steeds aan en het zou binnenkort moeten worden opgelost. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Kan ik nog iets voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Heeft u nog een vraag? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem contact met ons op voor vragen over de game en bezoek URL voor tips en trucs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Zorg goed voor jezelf, blijf veilig De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-N, het lijkt erop dat je ons hebt gecontacteerd over je spel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of an authorisation, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the criteria for the assessment of applications, the conditions and procedures for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of an authorisation, the format and content of the authorisation, the information to be provided to the holder of the authorisation, the fees to be charged for the issuance, renewal, amendment or revocation of an authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the applicant or holder of the authorisation, the procedures for the publication of the decision in the Official Journal of the European Union, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the procedures for the notification of the decision to the competent authorities of the Member States, the procedures for the appeal against the decision, the procedures for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the procedures for the suspension or revocation
✎. Gelieve het probleem uit te leggen, zodat ik je beter kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Laat me eerst weten hoe het met je gaat vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Dank je voor de details en geef me alstublieft een moment om de zaak te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✉️ Dank je wel en terwijl je de inhoud krijgt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Daarom wil ik weten of je nog steeds een probleem hebt? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Dank u, mevrouw De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank voor je begrip en geduld, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Welkom, leuk om met je te praten! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Hopelijk was ik behulpzaam bij je probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
En ik hoop dat je genoten hebt van je ervaring met ons. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergave Een fijne dag/nacht toegewenst. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Tot ziens, blijf gezond en veilig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Het is een genoegen je te ontmoeten, NAME-M! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik kan zien dat je geen PRS-ORG-punten hebt ontvangen, ik zal zeker proberen je hier te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2020-04-01 14: 44: 50 Kunt u alstublieft proberen uw console opnieuw op te starten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ça va, ik ben hier alleen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Als je een probleem ondervindt, hoef je ons alleen maar te waarschuwen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Je bent wonderbaarlijk kalm en meewerkend geweest, ik waardeer het zeer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
İk kan op dit moment niets anders voor je doen! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
NAME-N. 🙂
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the emergency measures applied by the third country.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maak je geen zorgen zodra het live gaat zal je toegang hebben tot het spel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Om de exacte tijd te weten, blijf je op de hoogte via de officiële sociale media-handvatten van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Laat het me weten als ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen, ik help je graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je ziet de optie onder het chatvenster om de chat te beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
12: Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2022-05-14 Een fijne dag verder, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Niet in staat zijn om de Transfermarkt in het spel te gebruiken, kan dingen een beetje moeilijk maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Laat me eens kijken en kijken wat ik kan ontdekken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Wat is je PSNID? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Welnu, ik zie niets om te voorkomen dat je de Transfermarkt in het spel kunt gebruiken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Wat gebeurt er als je het probeert te gebruiken? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Hoe werkt het niet? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Beschrijf wat er gebeurt wanneer je een veiling op de Transfermarkt probeert te posten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Vermeld alle foutmeldingen die je ontvangt.
​Dus dit staat niet in het spel op de Playstation. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dit is op een bijbehorende of web-app? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Helaas hebben we geen controle over het ontgrendelen van die functie op de bijbehorende of web-app. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het moet worden verdiend door het spelen van het spel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt meer lezen over het ontgrendelen hiervan op URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je moet het spel blijven spelen op de Playstation om het te verdienen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Heb je nog andere vragen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
4Niet op dit account heb je dat niet gedaan.
​Dit is een nieuw account met alleen PRS-ORG erop vermeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Als nieuw account moet de toegang tot de Transfermarkt op de bijbehorende en webapps worden verdiend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je moet dit doen door het spel te spelen op de console. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We hebben geen manier om het voor je te ontgrendelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% mijn genoegen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik wens je veel succes en ik hoop dat je het snel kunt ontgrendelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-04-12 Een fijne dag en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik begrijp dat het erg frustrerend is voor spelers zoals ons als we een probleem ondervinden in het spel. Maak je geen zorgen en deel je probleem met ons, zodat we je kunnen helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Geef ons je PSN ID zodat we de bezorgdheid kunnen controleren en je probleem met ons team kunnen delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
Geef me een paar minuten, zodat we de details kunnen controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​​Het lijkt erop dat dit een netwerk- of technisch probleem is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​We stellen het op prijs dat je ons op de hoogte hebt gebracht hiervan. Ik ga dit meteen documenteren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het team zal dit dubbel controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Nogmaals bedankt dat je dit onder onze aandacht hebt gebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik zou je aanraden om het spel te blijven spelen en enige tijd te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Laat het team het onderzoeken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hopelijk wordt dit bug-probleem zeer binnenkort opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om van mijn kant ok. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor je begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is een eer om een leuke en gepassioneerde speler zoals jij te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Je bent erg aardig en beleefd geweest tijdens de sessie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten, is er nog iets waar ik je vandaag mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het met je? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1. Ja, vriend. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
­­­Ga vooral door! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik ben blij dat je enthousiast bent over je spel, aangezien ik ook een speler ben zoals jij. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik kan zien dat je de toegang tot de PRS-ORG wilt krijgen, dus ik wil je graag informeren dat de toegang tot de PRS-ORG onmiddellijk wordt gegeven aan spelers als het account in goede staat verkeert. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
however, als het account niet in goede staat verkeert, moet de speler opnieuw toegang krijgen tot de PRS-ORG. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2 Ga door deze link om te begrijpen hoe het werkt, maat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
27e, wacht tot het spel wordt uitgebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 moment, ik haal het voor je op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is mijn genoegen om je te helpen, vriend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dank je wel!
İk kan je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Mijn vriend, wacht alsjeblieft tot 27thh om te controleren of je toegang krijgt tot de PRS-ORG of niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als je het niet krijgt, blijf dan alsjeblieft een tijdje spelen om de toegang opnieuw te verdienen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Maar eerst wacht tot het spel echt wordt gelanceerd De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ë. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✉ Hey NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met het verbindingsprobleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik begrijp het, laat me dit voor je controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Na het controleren hiervan lijkt het erop dat dit een bekend probleem is. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​We hebben dit al aan ons team voorgelegd, dus ze werken al aan het team, ik verzoek je alsjeblieft te wachten terwijl ons team hieraan werkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Houd de PRS-ORG-pagina in de gaten voor updates. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, het is een bekend probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ons team is al bezig met het oplossen ervan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het moet worden opgelost door het Studio-team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus voor nu, wacht alsjeblieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Nee, het is niet alleen jou, meerdere spelers ondervinden het probleem. De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase
​Het heeft invloed op veel spelers. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als iemand nog steeds in staat is om te spelen, ze kunnen ook het probleem ondervinden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-M, NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten in de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Geen zorgen, laat me proberen je te helpen met PRS-ORG speler in te dienen in de SBC per ongeluk. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
1 Laat me controleren of we de spelers kunnen herstellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% gastvrijheid, graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een geweldige ervaring om een speler zoals jij te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen en geniet van de rest van je dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙏 Blijf veilig en gezond! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal het controleren en proberen je te helpen het wachtwoord opnieuw in te stellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Bevestig de PSN ID en het e-mailadres dat aan het account is gekoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Bedankt, ik ben het aan het controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik heb het net gecontroleerd en het lijkt erop dat je gamertag al is gekoppeld aan een verwijderd PRS-ORG-Account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Helaas is er geen handmatige manier om het account opnieuw te activeren of de gamertag van onze kant te ontkoppelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
spelers kunnen echter proberen te heractiveren door te verwijzen naar de stappen hier genoemd: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Als het probleem zich blijft voordoen, moet ik helaas zeggen dat er geen andere manier is om het account te ontkoppelen of opnieuw te activeren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​​​​​​Je moet mogelijk een nieuw PRS-ORG-account aanmaken, een nieuwe gamertag koppelen en vanaf het begin beginnen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, dat is de enige oplossing, aangezien het account aan onze kant niet langer actief is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. We kunnen alleen ondersteuning bieden zodra het account door jou is heractiverd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Heel erg bedankt voor je vriendelijke medewerking tijdens deze chatsessie, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Voor toekomstige referentie kun je contact met ons opnemen door te bezoeken op URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-04-12 Een fijne dag toegewenst en blijf veilig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Het is goed om je te spreken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Helaas is er nog geen update voor dit, maar ik kan de teams noteren door het als feedback te beschouwen, zodat ze de beschikbare of updates kunnen verstrekken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​De feedback is ook gedeeld met de toegewijde teams en ze zeiden dat ze dit als prioriteit zullen behandelen, omdat we je gevoelens over dit spel begrijpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt alle functies vinden in de onderstaande links. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt de links volgen om de functies in detail te begrijpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Bezoek URL voor verschillende tips en trucs en bezoek URL om hulp te krijgen bij uw verschillende toekomstige zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Houd ook @PRS-ORGHelp op Twitter URL in de gaten voor updates. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor je begrip en geduld tijdens de sessie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Is er nog iets anders waarmee ik kan helpen?
​​ik kan je vandaag helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 We stellen je bestelling op prijs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik ben blij dat we dit voor je konden oplossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was erg leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het is mij een genoegen om te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Blijf altijd blij en gezond. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-03-08 Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Wees voorzichtig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het is leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het gaat goed met me, want de zomer is hier en ik hou van de zomer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Bedankt voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎️ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Als ik het goed begrijp, wil je het spel van OneDrive naar pc verplaatsen, klopt dat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Maak je geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik zal mijn best doen om je hierbij te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik verzoek je om de automatische synchronisatie van PRS-ORG uit te schakelen met je Documenten map. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. Wanneer je later de PRS-ORG start, wordt er lokaal een nieuwe gebruikersmap aangemaakt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt de inhoud vervolgens van OneDrive kopiëren naar de lokale PRS-ORG-map. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, het spel zal hetzelfde zijn, omdat je gewoon de bestanden overzet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik zie dat je een fout wilt rapporteren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal proberen je hierbij te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Laat me alsjeblieft weten wat de fout is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zie dat je hetzelfde pictogram twee keer hebt gekregen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Laat me weten of ik dit goed heb begrepen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Bedankt! Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Ik zal je hierbij helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Laat me het met ons team nagaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geef me alsjeblieft wat tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt voor het wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ons team zei dat het uiterst zeldzaam is om dezelfde speler te krijgen, maar het is mogelijk. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Helaas zeiden ze dat het niet mogelijk is om de speler te vervangen of een nieuwe kaart te geven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ze blijven ook bijhouden of het gebeurt met andere spelers, zodat het aan het gameteam kan worden gemeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het kan mogelijk zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Mijn excuses dat dit is gebeurd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Maar ik zal de feedback delen met het gameteam. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als er een ander probleem is, help ik je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
2. Niet om u haast te geven, gewoon om te bevestigen of we nog steeds verbonden zijn? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
👋 Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 1000108
2. Vertel me alsjeblieft hoe ik je vandaag kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Alles goed! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
✗ Dus je kunt de game downloaden via PRS-ORG-abonnement. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Laat het me weten als ik je vandaag nog ergens mee kan helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Aangezien er geen reactie van jouw kant is, verbreken wij de verbinding met de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Je kunt ons echter contacteren via URL en we helpen je graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👍 Ok, laat me je daarmee helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Bevestig alsjeblieft dat je het bij Steam hebt gekocht, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Bedankt dat je het met mij hebt bevestigd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Laat me je alsjeblieft uitleggen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Aangezien de facturering aan hun kant wordt gedaan en we geen aankoopgeschiedenis hebben voor deze, raad ik je aan contact op te nemen met Steam-ondersteuning met betrekking tot deze zaak. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ze hebben de facturering aan hun kant gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zij zullen je hierbij kunnen helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als de aankoop van PRS-ORG was, had ik je nu geholpen, meneer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. ik hoop dat je het begrijpt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ça was allemaal mijn genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Bedankt voor dit aangename gesprek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het me weten als ik nog iets anders voor je kan doen, ik help je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Gelieve je probleem nader toe te lichten, zodat ik je beter kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt dat je ons op de hoogte hebt gebracht van je probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik zal je zeker helpen met je probleem met de onderbroken draft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Vanaf nu zijn onze servers offline en maak je geen zorgen, het zal binnenkort weer online zijn. Voor je draft-verbreking deel ik een PRS-ORG artikelservice-tool. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Gebruik deze tool na een uur om je geschiktheid te controleren en als je in aanmerking komt, zal de tool je een draft-token in je account toekennen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
Hier is de link van de PRS-ORG service tool- URL Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
Ik ben blij dat ik je probleem vandaag heb kunnen oplossen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 maanden, ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Fijne feestdagen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Leuk je te ontmoeten. Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
☝ Ja, vertel me alsjeblieft hoe ik je kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Leuk je te ontmoeten, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Ja, vertel me alsjeblieft hoe ik je kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal zeker proberen te zoeken naar de best mogelijke oplossing voor je probleem met betrekking tot je wachtwoord dat constant wordt gereset. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
1. Om te beginnen, mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
Geen zorgen, blij dat je probleem automatisch is opgelost en sla de onderstaande link op voor toekomstige referenties als je informatie op je PRS-ORG-Account wilt bijwerken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
URL. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase
Nice to meet you, NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik ben blij om te horen dat je kunt spelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik kan me realiseren dat je een account hebt bij PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​En daar ben ik je dankbaar voor. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik hoop dat je dergelijke problemen niet opnieuw zou moeten zien. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik zal NAME-M er zeker van op de hoogte stellen dat je probleem is opgelost. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Laat het me weten als je nog andere problemen hebt? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Dank je wel voor de waardering. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te praten en je vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​Voor vragen over PRS-ORG-games kun je altijd contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Dag, ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag nog, vriend! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Het lijkt erop dat je problemen ondervindt met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️Kun je me er meer over vertellen?
​​Gelieve het probleem uit te leggen in plaats van hetzelfde te kopiëren en plakken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Welke problemen ondervind je met de Transfermarkt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0h! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Dat klinkt niet goed. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Laat me eens kijken hoe ik je kan helpen met het betwisten van de ban op het account / spel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dit is wat we vandaag gaan doen: We zullen je accountgegevens krijgen en ze naar ons Servicevoorwaarden-team sturen om de zaak te onderzoeken. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
🤔 Is dat goed met je? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned, the disease status of the aquatic animals concerned and the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied in the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned.
10 Ik help u graag verder. < English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
🤔 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Laat me controleren of we slaapovertrekken beschikbaar hebben in onze winkel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Moment alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​We hebben alleen voor de PRS-ORG, maar niet voor de PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
u kunt de hoes vinden in andere online winkels of plaatsen die e-books apparaten en accessoires verkopen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt voor de verstrekte informatie, ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Laat me uw PRS-ORG-account verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geef me een moment alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Bedankt voor het wachten, het spijt me dat u problemen hebt om in te loggen op het PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik heb u een e-mail gestuurd met een link om het wachtwoord opnieuw in te stellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Fantastisch, ik ben blij voor u. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Kunt u nog iets anders gebruiken waar ik u mee kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​Het spijt me op dit moment hebben we geen aanbieding op de website. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Mijn excuses voor het ongemak. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Hartelijk dank voor uw begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-08-27 Een geweldige dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​In dit geval. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the commodities referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​omdat de boeken niet via ons zijn gekocht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Wanneer het apparaat crasht en opnieuw wordt opgestart. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De boeken die u hebt, zullen niet langer verschijnen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U moet het opnieuw instellen met behulp van uw computer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als het een van onze boeken was die we in de winkel aanbieden die het apparaat heeft verbroken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
dat zal een ander verhaal zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​we bieden geen ondersteuning voor boeken van derden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❌ of boeken die zijn gedownload van verschillende bronnen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3, ik zie dat er drie pogingen zijn gedaan om het boek te kopen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Allemaal laten ze echter op onze kant zien als mislukt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
Maar maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik kan het boek aan uw account toevoegen, maar we hebben het aankoopbewijs nodig, alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​De volgende code zou zichtbaar moeten zijn: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1000 dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb zojuist het boek aan uw account toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U zou gewoon moeten synchroniseren, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt en graag gedaan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u geniet van het boek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kunt u op dit moment nog iets anders gebruiken? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% perfect, geweldig nieuws! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 voor nu, dat zou allemaal van mijn kant zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens u ook een heel fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Kunt u de omschrijving van de transactie van uw bankrekening opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik heb de transactie kunnen vinden en het boek aan uw bibliotheek kunnen toevoegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 kunt u controleren of u het in uw bibliotheek kunt zien? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
100% goed! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10-5-2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Ik help u graag verder.
3 Laat me dit probleem met mijn team onderzoeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
Geef me een moment alstublieft. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​In dit geval bevindt de pocket-functie zich in de testfase en is het nog geen volwaardige functie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
maar u kunt deze stappen proberen om te zien of dit het probleem oplost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Ga naar uw startscherm. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Tik op het pictogram Meer onderaan het scherm. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Tik op Mijn artikelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. Tik op een artikel om te beginnen met lezen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Momenteel heb ik die informatie niet bij de hand. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​en het e-mailadres voor het ondersteuningsteam van PRS-ORG is EMAIL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Hallo, bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of an authorisation, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the criteria for the assessment of applications, the conditions and procedures for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of an authorisation, the format and content of the authorisation, the information to be provided to the holder of the authorisation, the fees to be charged for the supervision of the activities covered by the authorisation, the conditions and procedures for the suspension or revocation of an authorisation, the format and content of the decision to suspend or revoke an authorisation, the information to be provided to the holder of the authorisation, the fees to be charged for the suspension or revocation of an authorisation, the conditions and procedures for the appeal against a decision to suspend or revoke an authorisation, the format and content of the appeal, the information to be provided to the appellant, the fees to be charged for the appeal, the conditions and procedures for the re-establishment of the authorisation, the format and content of the decision to re-establish the authorisation, the information to be provided to the holder of the authorisation, the fees to be charged for the re-establishment of the authorisation, the conditions and procedures for the withdrawal of an authorisation, the format and content of the decision to withdraw an authorisation, the information to be provided to the holder of the authorisation, the fees to be charged for the withdrawal of an authorisation, the conditions and procedures for the extension of an authorisation, the format and content of the decision to extend an authorisation, the information to be provided to the holder of the authorisation, the fees to be charged for the extension of an authorisation, the conditions and procedures for the variation of an authorisation, the format and content of the decision to vary an authorisation, the information to be provided to the holder of the authorisation, the fees to be charged for the variation of an authorisation, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation, the format and content of the notification, the information to be provided to the competent authorities, the fees to be charged for the notification, the conditions and procedures for the notification of the activities covered by the authorisation,
✗ Kunt u de e-mail in uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ould u het e-mailadres in uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
ould u de e-mail in uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔ Kunt u uw e-mail doorgeven via deze chat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture facilities and the animal health status of the third country's wild aquatic animals.
​Laat het ons weten als u verdere ondersteuning nodig heeft of als u nog vragen heeft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Helaas, vanwege kwaliteitsdoeleinden, moet ik de interactie vrijgeven als ik binnen de volgende 2 minuten geen reactie ontvang. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animals or to the Union's aquaculture sector.
3 dank dat u contact met ons hebt opgenomen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik help u graag verder English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Helaas is de enige procedure die beschikbaar is om boeken over te zetten van de openbare bibliotheek of verschillende bronnen dan PRS-ORG naar de e-reader via computer met PRS-ORG of zoals gegevensoverdracht voor onbeschermde bestanden English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
● de synchronisatie via WiFi werkt alleen voor PRS-ORG en PRS-ORG-boeken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Dat is geen probleem. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Voor uw informatie stuur ik u een transcriptie van ons gesprek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5. Als u nog vragen of opmerkingen heeft, kunt u die e-mail altijd beantwoorden en kunnen we u verder helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​is er nog een andere twijfel of verzoek dat u mogelijk heeft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14: 15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Ik ben er nog steeds. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1 bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Deze boeken die u hebt gekocht, staan niet in uw bibliotheek, correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Maak u geen zorgen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000x bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik heb uw informatie kunnen verifiëren en ik heb de boeken in uw bibliotheek vrijgegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
2a. Kunt u synchroniseren op uw apparaat en me bevestigen dat u ze heeft ontvangen, alstublieft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik ben nog steeds bij u. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10:00 uur, heel erg bedankt, ik ben hier bij u. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik ben hier nog steeds bij u. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is me een groot genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 En ik hoop dat u geniet van uw boeken! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12,99 euro bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
13 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Kunt u de omschrijving van de transactie van uw bank of PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0h. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Ziet u die boeken niet in uw bibliotheek? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0k. Wat ik van mijn kant kan zien, is dat de boeken apart zijn betaald. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
maken de aanbieding dus ongeldig, aangezien ze in één keer moeten worden gekocht in hetzelfde afrekenproces. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat me kijken of ik de promotie geldig kan maken en u het overgrote bedrag kan terugbetalen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ogenblik alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hartelijk dank voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
wij zullen de aanbieding valideren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U ontvangt een e-mail met de details van het terugbetaalde bedrag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
15 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik zal deze opmerking doorgeven aan ons team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
13 juli 2021. Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
❤️ Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ik open het account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Kunt u de naam bevestigen van het e-book dat u wilt retourneren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
10 dank u, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik heb een terugbetaling voor u kunnen krijgen. Wilt u deze als winkeltegoed, het wordt automatisch weergegeven en wordt toegepast op uw volgende aankoop. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
3-5 werkdagen duurt het voordat het op uw creditcard staat. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
​De terugbetaling als winkeltegoed is verwerkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u op dit moment nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 moment alstublieft terwijl ik uw account bekijk. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
2 Bedankt voor het wachten, ik heb zojuist de informatie in uw account gecontroleerd. Het spijt me te horen dat u dit probleem met uw account ondervindt, maar ik ben bereid u te helpen.
3 Probeert u de aankoop te voltooien met de PRS-ORG-app? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Dat is een captcha-code en kan niet worden verwijderd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik vraag u of u de PRS-ORG-app op uw computer gebruikt om dit proces te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
0r is de website URL in een webbrowser? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u wel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Kunt u proberen de website URL in een webbrowser op uw computer te gebruiken? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Is een Captcha-code. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
CAPTCHA staat voor volledig geautomatiseerde openbare Turing-test om computers en PRS-ORG te vertellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met andere woorden, CAPTCHA bepaalt of de gebruiker echt is of een spam-robot. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geen deal, is een procedure die wordt geïmplementeerd op de meeste websites waar u volledige aankopen doet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me dat u dit probleem ondervindt, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​U kunt toegang krijgen tot de volledige catalogus die beschikbaar is met uw abonnement via deze link: URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​U kunt de filter op de website gebruiken Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
● boeken van PRS-ORG, e-books en audioboeken te filteren De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 GrootBedankt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Voor uw informatie stuur ik u een transcriptie van ons gesprek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als u nog vragen of opmerkingen heeft, kunt u die e-mail altijd beantwoorden en kunnen we u verder helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
14:23: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u ook een uitstekende dag hebt NAME-M De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt daarvoor. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik weten of u een bevestiging via e-mail over deze aankoop ontvangt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor de nuttige informatie. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
Laat me het boek handmatig toevoegen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Moment alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We hebben het boek met succes aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Synchroniseer uw apparaat en controleer of het boek al zichtbaar is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het ons weten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000 danken! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Gratis. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als u vragen heeft, neem dan gerust op elk moment contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact met PRS-ORG hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-01 Een fijne dag verder, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
02-05-2021 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Welk e-reader apparaat heeft u? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Maak u zich geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. In dit geval als u de met PRS-ORG verkregen boeken wilt synchroniseren, moet u onze desktop-applicatie gebruiken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​U vindt het op URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U kunt geen PRS-ORG- of ePub-bestanden downloaden van boeken die via PRS-ORG zijn verkregen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Gelieve dit te doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10-05-2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​in uw account staat dat u slechts één lezer hebt, u zegt dat u twee lezers hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Waar heeft u de andere lezer gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ogenblik alstublieft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik kon toegang krijgen tot beide accounts. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ould u me de namen van de boeken die niet downloaden, alstublieft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder.
1 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik ben hier met u. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik was de informatie voor u aan het verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​In dit geval is het PRS-ORG-abonnement niet beschikbaar in Italië English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2 U kunt een factuuradres van een land gebruiken waar het voor u beschikbaar is om erin te kunnen tekenen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ja, in Nederland is het abonnement beschikbaar. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2. U kunt naar URL gaan, naar "Mijn accounts", gevolgd door "Accountinstellingen". Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Sla uw informatie op onder het tabblad 'Betalinginformatie'. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dat is correct. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 U kunt het abonnement op uw e-reader gebruiken om boeken te krijgen via het. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als u akkoord gaat, zal ik u in de wacht zetten om uw account te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2-3 minuten zou het niet mogen duren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik begrijp dat u een probleem hebt met het kopen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik ben bang dat het van een betaalrekening zou niet mogelijk zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2. U moet bij de bank een verzoek indienen om de kaart te activeren om de kaart in te voeren en de aankoop voort te zetten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​​Het spijt me, PRS-ORG kan creditcards niet activeren vanaf ons platform. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2Dit kan alleen worden gedaan door de klant contact op te nemen met zijn of haar bank voor activering. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
2 minuten geleden heb ik uw bericht beantwoord. Ik moet deze chat sluiten om kwaliteitsredenen als ik binnen 2 minuten geen reactie ontvang. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12:00 Good evening NAME-F, kunt u mij de ontvangstnummers van de maandelijkse kosten geven, om er onmiddellijk naar te kijken? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige regelgeving inzake de bescherming van de financiële belangen van de Gemeenschappen voldoende is.
🙂 Oke, ik heb het account kunnen vinden onder het e-mailadres dat u me eerder heeft gegeven English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Kies meer aanmeldingsopties op de e-reader om u aan te melden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Kies vervolgens doorgaan met PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
6. Voer het e-mailadres en wachtwoord in. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Zijn op dit moment op uw inlogscherm? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Daniëlle, bent u nog steeds online? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Geweldig, het is goed nieuws. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het was geweldig om u te helpen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✉️ Kunt u de e-mail in uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔Kunt u de naam geven van het boek waarmee u problemen ondervindt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
‚Dank voor de informatie! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 minuut om uw account te verifiëren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% uitzondering.
1. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw PRS-ORG-account geven als winkeltegoed om te gebruiken voor een andere e-books 2. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw PayPal-account geven 3. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw creditcard geven 4. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 5. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 6. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 7. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 8. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 9. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 10. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 11. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 12. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 13. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 14. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 15. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 16. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 17. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 18. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 19. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 20. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 21. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 22. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 23. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 24. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 25. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 26. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 27. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 28. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 29. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 30. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 31. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 32. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 33. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 34. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 35. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 36. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 37. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 38. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 39. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 40. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 41. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 42. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 43. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 44. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 45. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 46. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 47. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 48. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 49. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 50. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 51. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 52. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 53. We kunnen een terugbetaling aan uw bankrekening geven 54. We kunnen een terugbetaling
​Geweldig! Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
De terugbetaling is verwerkt en we hebben uw 23,98 EUR terugbetaald op uw PRS-ORG-account! Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
14 dank u voor het contact opnemen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
❤️ Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Wat is het apparaat dat u gebruikt om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Dank u, mevrouw Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
​​Wat is de betaalmethode die u gebruikt voor de aankoop? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u wel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
2. Mag ik alstublieft het nummer onder het beschrijvingsgedeelte van uw PRS-ORG-betalingsgegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
10 Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4 Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
4 Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Welk apparaat gebruikt u om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​Bedankt. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
10 De e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/1/2020 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Heeft u problemen om ze over te zetten via PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​ADE kan niet op uw e-reader worden geïnstalleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het kan op de computer worden geïnstalleerd om boeken over te zetten naar uw e-reader, vanaf de computer English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
​Wilt u dat ik u help om het te autoriseren? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is het mogelijk om de e-reader nu op de computer aan te sluiten? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​We zullen het opnieuw autoriseren De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Verwijder het boek dat u hebt overgezet van de e-reader en ook van PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Zoek uw computer naar het e-book en verwijder alle exemplaren die u vindt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
E-books worden meestal opgeslagen in [Mijn] Documenten &gt; [Mijn] Digital Editions. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Verwijder indien van toepassing de inhoud van de mappen "taken" en "mislukt" in [Mijn] Documenten &gt; [Mijn] Digital Editions &gt; herstellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dit was het boek dat u niet eerder konden overdragen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
2 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
❔ Kunt u de betalingsgegevens van PRS-ORG verstrekken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 bedankt, een ogenblik alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Ik zal het ticket escaleren om verder te gaan met uw terugbetaling. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 We nemen per e-mail contact met u op. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
10-7-2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5-5-2.21, bedankt, laat me uw account controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
5-5-2.21 Volgens het systeem zijn de vernieuwingspogingen mislukt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
NAME-F, is uw creditcardgegevens bijgewerkt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Probeer uw betalingsinformatie in uw PRS-ORG-account te verwijderen en opnieuw toe te voegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Zorg ervoor dat het up-to-date is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Probeer vervolgens het abonnement handmatig te verlengen door naar Mijn account te gaan en vervolgens Mijn abonnementen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Als u problemen of vragen heeft, neem dan opnieuw contact met ons op. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20:00 uur, ik wens u ook een fijne avond. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder.
​Nee, u kunt alleen abonnementen betalen met een creditcard. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Nee, het systeem neemt betalingen maandelijks aan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ja, u kunt PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG gebruiken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
100% correct English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
14 Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
100% zeker, u kunt gewoon de taal van de boeken filteren, maakt niet uit English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​​​Dus u kunt lezen in het Nederlands De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
we hebben veel titels in het Nederlands, in feite zijn er een behoorlijk aantal titels in deze taal De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 moment geduld, ik zal u de link geven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✦ zodat u de hele catalogus kunt bekijken De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Moment alstublieft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dit zijn enkele van hen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen.
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14 maart Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
14 maart Ik zie dat de aankoop aan onze kant als mislukt wordt weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Maar maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik kan het audioboek aan uw account toevoegen, maar we hebben het aankoopbewijs nodig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​De volgende code moet zichtbaar zijn: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000x bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Het audioboek is toegevoegd aan uw bibliotheek. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
U zou gewoon moeten synchroniseren, alstublieft. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Welk apparaat gebruikt u om de aankopen te doen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik raad u aan om de volgende aankoop te proberen via de URL-website. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Daarna gaat u terug naar de app en synchroniseert u om de nieuwe boeken te ontvangen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% goed. > Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kan ik op dit moment nog iets anders voor u doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
ik zie dat het is gearchiveerd, maar ik heb het zojuist hersteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Synchroniseer opnieuw. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Als u akkoord gaat, zal ik u in de wacht zetten om uw account te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2-3 minuten zou het niet mogen duren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Ik heb het account bekeken en het e-book is bezig met levering English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1. Om het e-book toe te voegen, gelieve mij het transactienummer te delen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Geen zorgen, ik vraag om terugbetaling voor de andere aankoop Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Het was mijn genoegen Henk, het e-book staat nu in uw account en ik vraag om terugbetaling van de andere aankoop. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14 dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11 juni Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
11-06 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 minuut toegestaan terwijl ik uw account verifieer English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
11-06 Kan u een schermafbeelding van het bewijs van het ontvangstnummer van deze aankoop verstrekken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als het met PRS-ORG is betaald, geef dan de bon van uw PRS-ORG-account voor deze titel op English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
U vindt dit nummer na het woord "Omschrijving". English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
11-06: Hartelijk dank voor de informatie. Geef me een minuut de tijd om te verifiëren. 11-06: Hartelijk dank voor de informatie. Geef me een minuut de tijd om te verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor uw tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​De aankoop was aan de gang en ik heb het boek handmatig aan uw account toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Synchroniseer uw bibliotheek om te verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Graag gedaan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11 juni heb ik contact opgenomen met PRS-ORG en het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-06-11: Geniet van het lezen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Ik help u graag verder.
​Heeft u geprobeerd het wachtwoord op uw account opnieuw in te stellen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Dat komt omdat er meerdere mislukte pogingen waren om in te loggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Laat me uw account opnieuw activeren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ogenblik alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld en excuses voor het late antwoord. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2/ het account is nu geactiveerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​U kunt uw Hotmail-e-mailaccount gebruiken om in te loggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
12-7-2021 Hallo NAME-M, mijn excuses voor de problemen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
12-7-2021 Ik help u graag vandaag. 't Is een mooie dag om te wandelen. De zon schijnt, de lucht is helder en de temperatuur is aangenaam. De natuur is in volle bloei en de bossen zijn groen. Een wandeling in de natuur is goed voor je lichaam en geest. Het zorgt voor ontspanning en het verlaagt het stressniveau. Je kunt er ook je gedachten mee verzetten en je hoofd leegmaken.
4. Om er meteen naar te kijken, kunt u mij alstublieft de omschrijving geven die wordt weergegeven op de PRS-ORG-bevestiging? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
12-7-2021 Heel erg bedankt, ik heb kunnen zien dat de transactie nog steeds door PRS-ORG wordt verwerkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2. We willen echter niet dat u langer wacht op het boek, daarom heb ik het aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Synchroniseer om het te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Glad om dat te horen NAME-M, het was geweldig om u te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​U ontvangt binnenkort een enquête nadat de chat is gesloten, waarin mijn klantenservice zal worden beoordeeld, het zal ons enorm helpen om van u te horen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12-7-2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-la-Ruelle - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik wens u het allerbeste. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol in the context of the activities referred to in Article 1(2).
​​In dit geval zie ik dat er twee pogingen zijn gedaan om het boek te kopen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
2. Beide laten echter een mislukking zien aan onze kant. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Om het probleem op te lossen, gelieve beide aankoopbewijzen te delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​De volgende code zou zichtbaar moeten zijn: Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
1. Ja, controleer alstublieft de details van de aankoop in de bankafschrift. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. Kijk of u de code ziet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000 dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Ik heb het boek zojuist aan uw account toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U hoeft alleen maar te synchroniseren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Voor de extra kosten, zal ik de zaak escaleren naar de terugbetalingsafdeling. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1maal we een reactie krijgen, zullen we contact met u opnemen via e-mail, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Gratis. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mijn excuses voor het ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Kan ik u op dit moment nog verder helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ā, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Dan zou dat alles zijn van mijn kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens u ook een heel fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
18-7-2021 Bedankt voor de informatie. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
Ik help u graag verder.
🤔 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
10 Ok. laat me de informatie op uw account bekijken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ogenblik alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
15,00 € hebben we teruggestort op uw bankrekening. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. U ontvangt een e-mail met de details van de terugbetaling. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
10-10-2019 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or area concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
1 moment toestaan om uw account te openen en te verifiëren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
3. Kunt u het e-mailadres van uw PRS-ORG-account en het laatste boek dat u hebt gekocht opgeven om dit te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the following:
​​Excuses voor het horen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Maakt u zich geen zorgen, we helpen u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Mag ik weten of dat boek is gekocht in PRS-ORG? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in that Article.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in that Article.
3. Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
3. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 dus het probleem is dat u deze maand niet kon betalen voor het abonnement? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Voor veiligheidsdoeleinden kunt u mij alstublieft de titel van een boek in uw bibliotheek geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 dank u wel De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik kan uw factuurgegevens wissen, zodat u ze opnieuw kunt invullen op de PRS-ORG-website De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak geen nieuw account aan De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Om toegang te krijgen tot uw abonnement, moet u zich aanmelden met uw huidige account dat het abonnement heeft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het account met het gmail-adres is het account dat het abonnement heeft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja NAME-F, dat is het account dat het abonnement heeft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Graag gedaan, NAME-F. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als u wilt, kan ik hier blijven met u voor verdere hulp. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u, meneer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Geef me een paar momenten om uw informatie te verifiëren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​​Van mijn kant geven de transacties aan dat de betalingen nog bezig zijn, daarom zijn de boeken nog niet aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Geef me alstublieft het omschrijvingsnummer van de PRS-ORG-bon voor elke aankoop English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u wel! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geef me alstublieft een paar momenten Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Ik heb beide boeken aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Synchroniseer alstublieft elk PRS-ORG-apparaat of apparaat dat u heeft om de boeken te krijgen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Geef me een moment om uw account te verifiëren en te controleren wat er aan de hand is English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ja, de e-mail is van ons, omdat vandaag precies uw abonnement wordt vernieuwd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
11 mei is de vervaldatum van uw abonnement English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Daarom vragen we om uw autorisatie English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​U bent geabonneerd sinds 1 april 2020 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% correctie English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​We zullen, sorry voor het ongemak De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14: 45: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4 juni 2021 ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Wat is het apparaat dat u gebruikt om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u, ik zal de informatie controleren, zou u me een ogenblik willen toestaan? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-N, NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or area concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Wat is het apparaat dat u gebruikt om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
4. Wanneer een transactie niet correct werd verwerkt, kan dit afhankelijk zijn van een groot aantal factoren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Sommige smartphones hebben een slaapmodus op het scherm en het gaat in slaapstand voordat de transactie volledig kan worden afgerond. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik raad u aan om de slaapmodus uit te schakelen en op het scherm te blijven terwijl de transactie correct wordt afgerond of om de aankoop te doen op een computerwebsite met behulp van PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja dat klopt, ik ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u geniet van uw dag en bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/11/2019 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country where the aquaculture products are produced, and the animal health status of the aquaculture production system.
2/ Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Kunt u mij het probleem dat u ondervindt beschrijven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Dank u, u ontvangt een terugkerende afschrijving, correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
9,99 € is de terugkerende kosten altijd? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Maak u geen zorgen, ik kan een terugbelverzoek voor u indienen.
2. Kunt u mij de volgende informatie geven? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
- Telefoonnummer (met land en netnummer). De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Datum en tijd voor ons om u te bellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2Sorry, de vroegste dat ik u kan programmeren is morgen.
13: 00 tot 15: 00 uur De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% natuurlijk! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik zal een terugbelverzoek voor u indienen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
27 februari Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✉ Hallo daar, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Het is leuk om je vandaag te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Deel alsjeblieft je zorgen van vandaag met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Een heel goede middag voor je. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000x bedankt dat je hier op me hebt gewacht. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
1 ik was net mijn bronnen aan het controleren voor een oplossing voor dit probleem hier. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het lijkt erop dat veel spelers, zoals jij, hetzelfde probleem rapporteerden, aangezien jij hier ook een hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Op dit punt zou ik je willen meedelen dat we het genoemde aantal gevallen al hebben doorgegeven aan de betrokken afdeling en dat ze het geval onderzoeken en aan de oplossing werken terwijl we praten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10. Apart from this, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik kan geen tekst van jouw kant zien. Het gebeurt soms dat de chat niet verschijnt aan mijn of aan jouw kant. Vernieuw de pagina of start een nieuwe sessie als het gebeurt. Ik waardeer je inspanningen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Het is mogelijk dat de persoon de details van je platformaccount of je e-mailadres heeft gekregen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 Graag gedaan. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik verzoek je het wachtwoord van je e-mail en platform accounts te wijzigen die aan je PRS-ORG-Account zijn gekoppeld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als je op pc speelt, raad ik je aan om een antivirusprogramma uit te voeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1 Ik zie dat je PRS-ORG-punten naar PRS-ORG wilt overzetten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik zal je hierbij helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Ik verzoek je te wachten tot het spel is gestart. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ja, we moeten wachten tot het spel wordt gelanceerd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Het kan ook een probleem zijn voor nu. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik verzoek je te wachten en te zien of het wordt opgelost, anders zullen we moeten wachten op de lancering van het spel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Kan ik nog iets anders voor u doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je een terugbetaling wilt voor de punten, moet je contact opnemen met Playstation-ondersteuning als je deze hebt gekocht bij de Playstation Store. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Is er nog iets anders voor mij? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het lijkt erop dat je niet bij je toetsenbord bent en omdat je niet reageert op de chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ga door en verbreek de verbinding met de chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Als je nog andere problemen hebt, neem dan contact met ons op door URL te bezoeken De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Wees voorzichtig en tot ziens! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0h! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Dat klinkt niet goed. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Laat me kijken hoe ik je kan helpen met de ontbrekende clubstatistieken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Kan je me helpen met de PSN ID? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het goede is dat dit onder de aandacht is gebracht van ons Game Team, dat er ijverig naar onderzoekt en werkt om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik verzoek je om enige tijd te wachten tot dit wordt aangepakt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Hoewel ik weet dat niemand graag wacht, maar wees gerust, het team werkt er actief aan en het probleem wordt met prioriteit aangepakt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Bedankt voor je geduld, ik heb de zaak met het betrokken team besproken en ze hebben meegedeeld dat we enkele vergelijkbare gevallen ontvangen waarin veel spelers met hetzelfde probleem worden geconfronteerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👍 Oké, dus je hebt het lidmaatschap met succes gekocht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maar voor alle vorige mislukte transacties. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
💰 Je hebt het geld nog niet terugbetaald? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% correct? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
7-10 werkdagen nadat je de afgewezen transacties hebt ontvangen, krijg je de terugbetaling op je bankrekening. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
14. Apart from this is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. En om je huidige transacties te controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Vertel me alsjeblieft het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Het is een genoegen je te ontmoeten via de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% zeker, ik begrijp het probleem dat je doormaakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met de Draft-modus. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat de speler van wiens kant de verbreking optreedt, het verlies moet incasseren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
Ik zou je willen meedelen dat we ze geen nieuw Draft-token kunnen toekennen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture facilities and the animal health status of the third country's wild aquatic animals.
Je kunt onze zelfbedieningstool echter gebruiken om te controleren of je in aanmerking komt voor een. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Hier is de link URL... Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kan ik, afgezien hiervan, nog iets voor je doen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor de details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met het uitbreidingspakket dat vastloopt op het downloadprobleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik weten of je stappen hebt geprobeerd om dit voor jezelf op te lossen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
1. Laten we doorgaan en PRS-ORG cachebestand wissen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Dit soort meestal dergelijke problemen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
URL 2020-02-28 15: 30: 54 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1maal klaar kun je het spelen en testen, als je daarna nog hulp nodig hebt kun je ons gewoon laten weten wat er aan de hand is en we zullen je graag verder helpen, goed? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% correct. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat zou je ermee moeten helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Als je zelfs daarna nog hulp nodig hebt, kun je deze zaak eenvoudig hervatten en we zullen het verder voor je controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
⚠️Bedankt voor je bericht. Ik begrijp dat je de heldenpakket en mijlpaumrewards mist. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
️ Deel alsjeblieft het e-mailadres dat aan PRS-ORG is gekoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 dank je, ik heb een code naar je e-mailadres gestuurd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​Bevestig hetzelfde voor verificatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10. Beste klant, helaas ben ik verplicht om de chat na een bepaalde tijd te sluiten als er geen reactie van de klant is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Echter, om je bezorgdheid te verduidelijken, wat voor ons als klantenservice erg belangrijk is, zou ik je willen vragen om opnieuw contact met ons op te nemen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 dank voor je begrip en een fijne dag verder! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👋 Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✗ Dus je kunt DLC's niet gebruiken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which the import of fishery products is authorised, and the conditions for the import of such products into the Union.
1 Klopt dat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik heb de details gecontroleerd en ik zal echt eerlijk met je zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het probleem waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd, is iets waar we al van op de hoogte zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We ontvangen vergelijkbare meldingen van spelers over de hele wereld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Onze teams zijn op de hoogte van het probleem en werken ijverig aan de oplossing. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dit is een server-gebaseerd probleem en ons gespecialiseerde team werkt ijverig om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen, dus ik verzoek je vriendelijk om enige tijd te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. We vragen om je medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Graag gedaan en fijn om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het was een geweldige ervaring om je te helpen, ik hoop dat het voor jou ook zo was. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-08 Een fijne dag verder, blijf veilig en zorg goed voor je dierbaren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als je nog vragen hebt, neem dan gerust contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 dank je voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1 Bedankt voor het delen van je bezorgdheid met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
✉️ Zoals ik begrijp, heb je een probleem met het kopen van PRS-ORG-punten, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2. Ik zal zeker zien wat het beste is dat we kunnen doen en zal mijn best doen om je hiermee te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal het voor je uitzoeken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 Bedankt voor het delen van de e-mail. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
​​Zoals gecontroleerd, is er actie in behandeling aan jouw kant om te bevestigen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​U moet bijvoorbeeld de betaling bevestigen door in te loggen op de PRS-ORG-site. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Wat resulteert in de betaling in pending modus op dit moment. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geen zorgen, ik raad je aan om contact op te nemen zodra de bank of betalingsprovider is beëindigd, omdat er aan hun kant een probleem kan zijn dat de transactie blokkeert. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Je kunt ook de betaalmethode wijzigen via- De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ga naar je betaalmethodes instellingen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Klik op betaalmethode toevoegen om een nieuwe betaalmethode op te slaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Klik op wijzigen om de details voor een opgeslagen betaalmethode te bewerken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Deze optie is alleen beschikbaar als de betaalmethode kan worden bijgewerkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Klik op Verwijderen om een betaalmethode te verwijderen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Leuk je te ontmoeten PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤗. Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
🙂 Ok, ik zal je hiermee helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Laat me je vertellen dat er spelers zijn die hetzelfde hebben meegemaakt en we hebben dit al aan ons team gemeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Onze team is dit aan het onderzoeken en zal dit snel oplossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt dat je tijdens de chat zo aardig bent geweest. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren | Belvilla vakantiehuizen
Een fijne dag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🏠 Blijf thuis, blijf veilig. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Nice to meet you, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✱ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% goed! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als ik het goed begrijp, heb je problemen met het starten van PRS-ORG, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik zal het zeker onderzoeken en proberen de best mogelijke oplossing te bieden voor je probleem met het niet kunnen starten van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik moet je meedelen dat PRS-ORG is vervangen door de PRS-ORG-app. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Dus, je moet de PRS-ORG-app downloaden en de game downloaden via de PRS-ORG-app. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik moet je meedelen dat PRS-ORG is vervangen door de PRS-ORG-app. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus je moet de PRS-ORG-app downloaden en de game downloaden via de PRS-ORG-app. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Hier is de link: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
✨, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
10% korting code, ik begrijp het goed. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal je zeker proberen te helpen met hetzelfde. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Geef me alsjeblieft wat tijd om dit voor je te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 Bedankt voor het wachten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10% korting is alleen van toepassing op PRS-ORG-gerelateerde aankopen. Je kunt de 10% korting niet op Steam gebruiken en je moet PRS-ORG afzonderlijk kopen via Steam om die functie te krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​​De code is bedoeld voor gebruik via de PRS-ORG-app, niet Steam. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-M is een ander platform dat niet onder de PRS-ORG Game Pass-service valt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you NAME-F, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft kort informeren over het probleem, zodat ik je kan helpen met de best mogelijke oplossing? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik begreep het probleem niet. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Kan je me de naam van het spel, platform, vertellen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Om de speler te helpen met een probleem, hebben we een volledige uitleg nodig over het probleem, het spel en de platform die je gebruikt om het spel te spelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Alleen daarna kunnen we hulp bieden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Kun je alsjeblieft meer informatie geven over het probleem? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam~
​Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Sorry!
​​We bieden geen hulp aan in Franse toetsen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Heeft u problemen met PRS-ORG-games die u speelt? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het me weten als je vandaag nog andere zorgen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, dus je kunt het PRS-ORG-lidmaatschap niet beëindigen, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 Excellent.10 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Je bent erg aardig en beleefd geweest tijdens de sessie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​​Laat het me weten, is er nog iets waar ik je vandaag mee kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Uw enorme liefde en passie voor het spel wordt zeer op prijs gesteld en bewonderd. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
1 Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10. Dank je wel en het beste. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Geen zorgen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen bij dit voortgangsprobleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat het niet mogelijk is om voortgang over te zetten van het ene platform naar het andere. Je zou een nieuw account moeten aanmaken om het spel te spelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation and the conditions for the recognition of the equivalence of the sanitary and phytosanitary measures applied in those countries and territories.
👍 Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Voor toekomstige referentie kun je contact met ons opnemen door te bezoeken op URL. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2020-04-08 Een fijne dag toegewenst en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Oh, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en de informatie over ontbrekende PRS-ORG delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik je e-mailadres en PSN gebruikersnaam die aan je PRS-ORG-account zijn gekoppeld, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Zoals ik kan zien, is de PSN ID "SonOzgun" gekoppeld aan het "EMAIL". De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1e, ik waardeer je interesse in PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Nu zou ik de spelers willen meedelen die de PRS-ORG voor 11 augustus hebben besteld, recht hebben op dit item. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus, zoals ik kan zien, kom je hiervoor niet in aanmerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor je begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021 blijft gamen en records breken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als je nog vragen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
❔ Hoe gaat het vandaag met je? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the emergency measures applied by the third country.
​Je hebt een mooie naam! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 van mijn beste vrienden heet net zoals jij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het lijkt erop dat we problemen hebben met het PRS-ORG-abonnement probleem op Steam. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
✉ Ben ik het goed? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Het zou mij een genoegen zijn om je te helpen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Bedankt voor het bevestigen van het probleem. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Wees gerust, ik zal mijn hulp graag aanbieden bij het probleem met het PRS-ORG-abonnement op Steam Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als we de PRS-ORG kopen, moeten we de game starten vanuit Steam Launcher. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het is leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🇧🇪 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Zoals ik kan begrijpen, kun je de PRS-ORG-app niet downloaden, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik vragen wat de foutmelding is die je ziet wanneer het mislukt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Bedankt voor de bevestiging, ik zal mijn best doen om dit voor je op te lossen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
​​Verwijder eerst PRS-ORG, herstart je pc en open vervolgens deze link die ik hieronder deel, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
♡ Leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
🙂 Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Oh ok! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik begrijp je bezorgdheid hier over het kopen van PRS-ORG en het niet kunnen downloaden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Laten we daar snel aan werken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kan ik je PRS-ORG geassocieerde e-mailadres hebben? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Laat me controleren of de betaling is doorgegaan of niet NAME-F. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geweldig, een verificatiecode is naar het e-mailadres gestuurd, zou je deze willen delen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
De betaling wordt eigenlijk vermeld als "mislukt" aan onze kant, dus aan mijn kant kan ik je verzekeren dat er geen geld is ontvangen, maar ja, als er geld wordt afgetrokken aan jouw kant moet je eigenlijk contact opnemen met de betalingsdienstaanbieder of de achterkant voor een dergelijke afschrijving en je wordt dienovereenkomstig teruggestuurd, niets om je zorgen over te maken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat zal het gewoon oplossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Je bent wonderbaarlijk kalm en meewerkend geweest, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik nog iets anders voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Linden - TripAdvisor
Geen probleem, ik waardeer het NAME-F en bedankt dat je de tijd hebt genomen om contact op te nemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens je een fijne tijd, het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Viel goed met alles en blijf lachen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Sm De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
ile.
* glimlachen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geen zorgen, ik zal proberen je te helpen bij het beveiligen van je PRS-ORG-Account en je helpen om weer toegang te krijgen tot je account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Heb je een eerdere zaaknummer zodat ik je kan helpen bij het krijgen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​​De informatie over de laatste zaak? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
8) Geweldig! Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 dat ik heb gevraagd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat me dit controleren en je helpen met de informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geen zorgen, ik zal proberen je te helpen bij het beveiligen van je PRS-ORG-Account en je helpen om weer toegang te krijgen tot je account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Deel alsjeblieft het geregistreerde e-mailadres van je PRS-ORG-account en console Gebruikersnaam met mij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1. Zoals ik kan zien, heb je een spel van PRS-ORG gekocht en nu kun je het spel niet vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal dit zeker voor je controleren en je hierbij helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft helpen met het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
🙂 Graag gedaan, NAME-F. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft het factuurnummer geven van de aankoop die je hebt gedaan? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Het lijkt erop dat je niet bij je toetsenbord bent, dit zet ons in een slechte positie, ik zou je willen verzoeken om alsjeblieft terug te keren naar dit chatvenster, want het kan binnenkort worden verbroken vanwege dit. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Dat is hoe het chatvenster is ontworpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geen probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank je wel voor het delen van de informatie, NAME-F! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Om je account te verifiëren, heb ik je een 6-cijferige OTP-verificatiecode gestuurd naar het geregistreerde e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1maal ontvangen, deel deze alstublieft met mij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
🙂 Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Vertel me alsjeblieft wat het probleem is waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal zeker mijn best doen om je te helpen bij het downloaden en installeren van PRS-ORG add-on. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Zien jullie een foutmelding tijdens het downloaden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik heb dit zojuist nog eens gecontroleerd met mijn team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dit is duidelijk een lopend probleem met het spel op dit moment. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Net als jij, zijn honderdduizenden spelers ook getroffen door dezelfde situatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goed nieuws is dat ons gameteam eraan werkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ze werken momenteel aan een oplossing. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het zal niet lang duren voordat dit wordt opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zodra dat gebeurt, wordt dit niet alleen voor jou opgelost, maar voor alle betrokken spelers. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We streven ernaar om onze producten en services beter te maken met alle feedback die we ontvangen van geweldige spelers zoals jij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Met betrekking tot wanneer dit zal worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je wordt eerst op de hoogte gesteld via onze sociale mediakanalen op PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Neem gerust contact op met @PRS-ORG op PRS-ORG voor verdere updates. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
İs er nog iets waarmee ik je kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het zou alleen officieel worden gepost op PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Of je kunt contact met ons opnemen om meer te weten te komen over het probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Graag gedaan NAME-F. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-06-21 Een fijne dag/nacht toegewenst en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Mocht je nog vragen hebben over dit of een ander probleem, aarzel dan niet om contact met ons op te nemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Nice to meet you, NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt dat je het probleem hebt bevestigd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Wees gerust, ik bied graag mijn hulp aan bij het probleem met het achterhalen van het e-mailadres op het account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan ik alle mogelijke e-mailadressen weten die je ooit zou hebben? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik weten of je de PRS-ORG ID op het account kunt onthouden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✗ Mag ik de games weten die je op het account hebt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Zijn we verbonden met deze chat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Laat het me weten, zodat ik je kan helpen de details over het account te achterhalen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Mag ik weten hoe je de game hebt gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
2 Mag ik daar alsjeblieft meer over weten?
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👋 Fijn je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
0h, het lijkt er echter op dat hij niet beschikbaar is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
0h oké! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geen zorgen, ik begrijp je bezorgdheid hier over het niet kunnen installeren van games op een nieuwe pc. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laten we daar snel aan werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Kan ik weten of je probeert toegang te krijgen tot PRS-ORG of 4? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En elke foutmelding die verschijnt/ De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geen probleem, het lijkt erop dat sommige bestanden in strijd zijn met het spel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Probeer deze URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat zou ik op prijs stellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En het is alleen tijdelijk dat die applicaties niet worden beïnvloed in het proces, je kunt het later inschakelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-F, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Als ik het goed begrijp, kun je niet inloggen op je PRS-ORG-account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Klopt dat?
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik zal zeker proberen je hierbij te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat PRS-ORG en PRS-ORG app dezelfde software zijn, slechts enkele functies en de naam ervan is bijgewerkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt hetzelfde PRS-ORG-account op de PRS-ORG-app inloggen om je games te spelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ja, dat klopt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Er is niets zoals PRS-ORG-account of PRS-ORG-app-account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Dit zijn gewoon applicaties. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je gebruikt je PRS-ORG-account om in te loggen op hen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 PRS-ORG-account is hetzelfde, of je nu inlogt op de website, het forum of een van deze applicaties. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Gratis dating.Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik je PRS-ORG-account e-mailadres weten? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als er nog iets anders is dan dit, kan ik je helpen, laat het me dan weten? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

Het is een genoegen je te ontmoeten via chat.
Hope you are doing good vandaag? // Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔Waar kan ik je vandaag mee helpen?🤔 Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
🙂 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het kan vervelend zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat me je helpen met de informatie over De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​het bedrag terugbetalen en de club verwijderen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres van je PRS-ORG-account weten? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus zoals ik heb gecontroleerd, heb je de aankopen niet op je oigin gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Heeft u ze gekocht op PSN? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat me je informeren dat PRS-ORG Ondersteuning geen transacties verwerkt die op een ander platform zijn gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Dit betekent dat ik je verzoek om een terugbetaling niet kan honoreren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad je aan om contact op te nemen met de winkel waar je de titel hebt gekocht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Voor aankopen gedaan via de PRS-ORG, kun je contact opnemen met hun ondersteuningsteam. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Laat het me weten als je technische problemen ondervindt of als je vragen hebt, en ik zal mijn best doen om te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Aangenaam kennis te maken NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Ah oké. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik zal je twijfels over de verkeerde versie van de speler verduidelijken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​We hebben meerdere meldingen ontvangen van spelers die de normale versie van de kaarten in plaats van de Ice-versie ontvingen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus onze teams hebben het probleem opgelost. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
👍 Ze zullen binnenkort de fout herstellen voor de spelers die de verkeerde versie van de kaart hebben ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​onze teams hebben er ook over gepost hier: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat is inderdaad zorgwekkend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🔎 Onze teams werken mogelijk aan het wijzigen van de spelerversie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We hebben de updates hierover niet ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus ik raad je aan om op de hoogte te blijven van onze sociale media-kanalen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als je nog vragen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Heel erg bedankt voor al je geduld en medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog andere hulp nodig hebt, kun je altijd contact met ons opnemen en we helpen je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergave ik heb een prachtige dag voor je. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Dag en het beste! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or area concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the emergency measures applied by the third country.
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
0h oké! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik begrijp je bezorgdheid hier over de verloren toegang tot de PRS-ORG-e-mail die aan het account is gekoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Laat het me weten als ik dat goed heb begrepen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Perfect, laten we daar snel aan werken. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Kan ik je PS-Gebruikersnaam hebben, gekoppeld aan het? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3: Bedankt voor het bevestigen van je naam, NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☀ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Het spijt me dat te horen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Kon je me alsjeblieft laten weten wanneer het account is kwijtgeraakt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000x bedankt voor het delen van je bezorgdheid. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
10. Volgens mij is je account gehackt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
✓ Klopt dat? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
10 Heel erg bedankt voor de bevestiging. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik begrijp je bezorgdheid volledig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Wees gerust, ik zal mijn best doen om je hiermee te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Kan ik je vragen om het geregistreerde e-mailadres dat aan PRS-ORG is gekoppeld, te bevestigen voordat we verder gaan? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als ik het goed begrijp, heb je problemen bij het spelen van het spel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Geen zorgen, ik zal zeker het beste doen om je in dit verband te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Maak je geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik u nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als je vandaag of in de toekomst nog andere problemen hebt, neem dan gerust contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-01-21Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal je helpen bij het oplossen van je startprobleem van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik je Xbox Gamer-tag weten? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
🙏 Dank je wel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Mag ik weten of je probeert PRS-ORG voor het eerst te starten? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Volg de onderstaande link(s) om platform specifieke probleemoplossing uit te voeren: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL​ De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Neem contact op met Xbox URL voor meer probleemoplossing of andere dingen om te proberen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als je nog andere problemen ondervindt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo, leuk je virtueel te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik ga het goed. → Ik ga het goed. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Zeg alsjeblieft niet sorry. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Bedankt voor je bericht. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als ik het goed begrijp, is je probleem automatisch opgelost. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✓ Klopt dat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. U bent verbazingwekkend kalm en meewerkend geweest, ik waardeer het zeer. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
10 Kan ik nog iets anders voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Graag gedaan en heel erg bedankt voor je tijd en aandacht vandaag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙏 Blijf veilig en gezond. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-09-20T12:00:00+02:00, Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help, het was een genoegen om vandaag met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-1-13 Ik wens je een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you NAME-M English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Hopelijk gaat het goed met je. Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
10 Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik begrijp je bezorgdheid zeker. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met dit probleem op te lossen en je te helpen met codes English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✉️. Kun je me het e-mailadres geven dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
2-staps verificatie kan niet uitgeschakeld worden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1. Soms gebeurt dit vanwege een serverprobleem. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Om dit op te lossen, zullen we je secundaire e-mailadres bijwerken, zodat je English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. De codes. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor het e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
6-cijferige code sturen naar het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geef het me alsjeblieft als het aankomt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤗 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
♪, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik zal zeker mijn best doen om je te helpen met de aankoop van onjuiste PRS-ORG-punten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik raad je aan om PRS-ORG een keer te starten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Wanneer je de punten in PRS-ORG kunt zien, kun je contact met ons opnemen en we zullen zien of deze voor je kunnen worden overgedragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% goed? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Goedendag NAME-F, mijn excuses voor de problemen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik help u graag vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Om er onmiddellijk naar te kijken, mag ik alstublieft de ontvangst van transactie  of het ontvangstnummer van het boek? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ja dat is het, bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 moment alstublieft, ik krijg de transactiegegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Dank u voor uw geduld NAME-F, ik zie hier dat de transactie nog steeds door PRS-ORG wordt verwerkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik wil echter niet dat u langer wacht op het boek, dus ik heb het aan uw account toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Synchroniseer om het te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
100%, het was me een genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
We zijn er altijd voor u in het geval dat verdere vragen rijzen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
U ontvangt binnenkort een enquête nadat de chat is gesloten, waarin mijn klantenservice zal worden beoordeeld, het zal ons enorm helpen om van u te horen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens u ook een uitstekend weekend! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ik begrijp het. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder.
​​Om externe boeken naar uw e-reader te kunnen verbinden en over te zetten, moet u dit doen met behulp van een PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG-computer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​PRS-ORG is niet compatibel met de e-readers. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Den Haag - Medical Jobs
1 Mijn excuses voor het ongemak, maar met een normale computer kunt u uw boeken overzetten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik hoop dat u deze informatie nuttig vindt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is me een genoegen!
​ En bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union financial contribution referred to in paragraph 2.
Mijn naam is NAME-M en ik zal u helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Geef me alstublieft uw naam en vertel me hoe ik uw dag beter kan maken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation systems.
👋 Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Als u wilt, kan ik u ook helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Is dat goed of wilt u dat ik zie of de agent beschikbaar is? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
1 Welk apparaat gebruikt u? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​En hebt u zich afgemeld of een synchronisatie uitgevoerd om te zien of het boek er nu is? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Geef me ook de titel en auteur van het boek dat u zoekt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ogenblik alstublieft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geef me alstublieft de link van PRS-ORG en PRS-ORG van het boek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zal dit doorgeven om te zien wat we kunnen doen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als de chat is gesloten, ontvangt u via e-mail een automatisch transcript van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U kunt op die e-mail reageren met de links De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Houd me alstublieft op de hoogte De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-F? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Minuten geleden kreeg ik een bericht van een andere medewerker dat hij de chat zou sluiten als ik niet binnen 2 minuten zou reageren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik zal deze chat nu sluiten omdat er geen reactie is ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik help u graag verder via e-mail, of u kunt op een voor u beter moment weer contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12. Bedankt voor de informatie, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het spijt me dat u dit probleem ondervindt, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Deel alstublieft uw nummer met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
11-cijferig nummer dat u op uw factuur of betalingsgegevens kunt vinden, het nummer begint met 1 of 2... English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1 U vindt het in uw PRS-ORG-account, in de betalingsgegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
8-10-2021 Bedankt voor het wachten, het ontbrekende boek is toegevoegd aan uw account, synchroniseer uw apparaat en bevestig of u het kunt downloaden English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
06-12-2021 PHONENUMBER is voor het tweede boek De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik ga door met u De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in that Article.
​​Het spijt me te horen dat u problemen ondervindt bij het inloggen op uw account English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Ik heb uw account bekeken en het lijkt erop dat het is gemaakt met een PRS-ORG-account, omdat u geen PRS-ORG-login hebt, kunt u het wachtwoord niet van onze kant opnieuw instellen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
4 Probeert u in te loggen met de PRS-ORG-inlogoptie? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
10 dank u wel! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben bang dat uw account alleen een PRS-ORG-account heeft, probeer het alsjeblieft met deze optie in plaats daarvan De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u wel! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, probeer die optie alsjeblieft, laat het ons weten als je problemen ondervindt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Wilt u dat ik bij u blijf om te zien of u kunt inloggen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
 Hoe gaat het? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-08-20 14:39:19 - Bent u nog steeds bij me? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder.
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag hebt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Wilt u vragen of het mogelijk is om een audioboek in een PRS-ORG e-reader te gebruiken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
0h, ik begrijp het. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Dat zou afhankelijk zijn van of hun e-books compatibel zijn met PRS-ORG-apparaten of niet, maar als de u geïnformeerd heeft dat hun e-books alleen kunnen worden gebruikt in hun eReaders, ben ik bang dat het niet mogelijk is om ze over te zetten en te lezen in een PRS-ORG e-reader. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
however, als u het nog steeds wilt proberen om te zien of het werkt, kunt u proberen ze over te zetten met behulp van een programma genaamd PRS-ORG op uw computer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Dit programma autoriseert de DRM-licentie van e-books van derden en uw PRS-ORG e-reader om ze over te zetten en ze daar te gebruiken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​U vindt hier alle informatie die we hierover hebben: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Gratis proberen, u bent van harte welkom, het is een genoegen om u te helpen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik nog iets voor u doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 weken geleden Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Wat is het apparaat dat u gebruikt om de aankoop te doen? | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Mag ik alstublieft het nummer onder het beschrijvingsgedeelte van uw PRS-ORG-betalingsgegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Dat is alles, bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
2. Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor het contact opnemen met PRS-ORG! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-F, bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik help u graag vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Om er onmiddellijk naar te kijken, mag ik alstublieft het transactienummer hebben? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het is meestal een 10 of 11-cijferig nummer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
NAME-F, bent u nog steeds online bij me? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik ben er nog steeds bij u. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kunt u het schrijven? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
Ik heb het transactienummer nodig om de transactie te vinden. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dank u, geef me alstublieft een moment om de details te krijgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank u NAME-F, voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik heb de transactie gevonden, de aankoop is nog steeds in behandeling door PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
We willen echter niet dat u langer wacht op het boek, daarom heb ik het aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Synchroniseer om het te zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Absoluut, laat het me weten als ik u ergens mee kan helpen.
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
2. Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
10 dank u wel! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Het boek staat nu in uw bibliotheek. | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Synchroniseer uw apparaat of app en u zou het moeten kunnen vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​Excuses voor dit probleem, soms hebben we dit probleem met de PRS-ORG-betalingen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​De betaling was nog steeds in behandeling bij PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Sommige klanten krijgen dit probleem bij het betalen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Om dit probleem te voorkomen, kunt u indien mogelijk een andere betaalmethode gebruiken, zoals een creditcard of PRS-ORG. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2019 Een fijne dag verder, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder.
2 minuten toegestaan? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Als u boeken van een andere winkel naar uw PRS-ORG-lezer wilt downloaden, hebt u de iad of PRS-ORG-app op uw pc nodig om ze vervolgens op uw PRS-ORG-lezer te downloaden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Ik zal e-mail de procedure, het bevat afbeeldingen die erg helpvol zijn, maar niet door de chat zullen gaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
ould dat oké zijn? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
​​De e-mail wordt naar het e-mailadres gestuurd dat u hebt gebruikt om de chat in te voeren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10. Ik kan niets doen over English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
✗ Het systeem doet alles zelf English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Laat me uw account even controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Bedankt voor het wachten NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Ik heb ook uw vorige chat gelezen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country where the aquaculture products are produced, and the animal health status of the aquaculture production system.
​​Het spijt me heel erg, maar als het apparaat niet wordt herkend door de computer, zelfs na het resetten van de USB-poorten, zijn er geen andere probleemoplossingsmethoden die we kunnen proberen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Aangezien de lezer buiten onze 2 jaar garantie valt, kunnen we u een kortingscode van 20 euro aanbieden voor een nieuw apparaat van onze partner URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ok, laat me de kortingscode aanvragen die moet worden gemaakt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor het wachten NAME-M, hier is de code: Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2e ik wens u ook een goede avond. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, het zal mij een genoegen zijn u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
2. Kan ik het omschrijvingnummer hebben? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​het ontvangstnummer van het boek? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Het volledige nummer ​ Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
​​Op het bankafschrift Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Dit gebeurt omdat u met PRS-ORG betaalt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​We hebben dit probleem veel van uw land wanneer de betaalmethode is PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 dank u, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
​​Ik heb het boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen, NAME-F? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Heel graag gedaan, is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00 uur. Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, een fijne dag NAME-F. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik help u graag verder.
​Op dit moment hebben we geen informatie over een nieuwe e-reader. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik raad u aan om op onze sociale netwerken te blijven, omdat alle updates daar worden geplaatst. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Nee, aan onze kant hebben we geen informatie over een nieuwe release. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat graag! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Kan ik u op dit moment nog ergens mee helpen?
Als dat niet zo is, dan zou dat alles van mijn kant zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021 Heb een heel fijne dag! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u heel erg voor de English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10: Dank u zeer voor de informatie English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Mag ik weten welk besturingssysteem de PRS-ORG heeft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. Kunt u proberen een andere kabel te gebruiken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔ Het werkte? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. Kunt u proberen een andere USB-kabel te gebruiken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Niet de een van de e-reader, misschien heeft u een andere kabel die kan worden aangesloten? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 op 1, ik snap het. Geef me een momentje. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dus u vertelde me dat de e-reader door uw oude computer is gedetecteerd, toch? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0h, dus het werkte! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik ben blij dat het uiteindelijk werkte! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Geef me een paar momenten om uw informatie te verifiëren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4 Bedankt voor uw geduld English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. In dit geval kunnen we u een terugbetaling aanbieden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Het kan worden toegepast in winkeltegoed, dat u kunt gebruiken om andere PRS-ORG-boeken te kopen of, als u dat liever hebt, op de originele betaalmethode die u hebt gebruikt om het te kopen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
👍Oké. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​In dit geval moet ik een verzoek doorgeven om zo snel mogelijk een terugbetaling te krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
wij zullen dit regelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Zodra de terugbetaling is verwerkt, wordt u per e-mail op de hoogte gesteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 U ontvangt ook een volledige transcriptie van deze chat zodra deze is beëindigd De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-N, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
10 Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Welk apparaat gebruikt u om de aankoop te doen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 dank u, Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Mag ik alstublieft het nummer onder het beschrijvingsgedeelte van uw PRS-ORG-betalingsgegevens. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10-04-2021 Dank u, zou u me een moment willen toestaan? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10-04-2021 Bedankt voor uw tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-03-22 11:22:00,000+0100 De e-book is toegevoegd en u zou het moeten kunnen zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021 is er nog iets anders waar ik u vandaag mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10-04-2021 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10-04-2021 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 wezen helpen is geen probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Geef me een paar minuten de tijd om uw informatie te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor uw geduld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 iets dat we kunnen doen is doorgaan met een terugbetaling voor deze titel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Klinkt dat goed voor u? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. U moet controleren of het boek beschikbaar is onder die aanbieding. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ja, ik ga door met de terugbetaling. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 voor het audioboek. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Wilt u de terugbetaling liever terug op uw creditcard of als winkeltegoed? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
3. Winkelkrediet kan meteen worden gebruikt bij uw volgende aankoop en wordt automatisch gebruikt tijdens het afrekenen om te kunnen kopen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3 tot 5 werkdagen duren voordat de terugbetaling op uw creditcard wordt weergegeven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat me doorgaan met uw terugbetaling, geef me een momentje. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De aankoop is niet verwerkt door onze betalingsprovider, wat meestal minimaal 2 uur duurt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. We zullen uw terugbetaling verwerken zodra de betaling is afgeschreven en u een bevestiging per e-mail ontvangt zodra deze is voltooid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% mijn genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Hopelijk gaat het goed met u. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
2. Mag ik alstublieft het nummer onder het beschrijvingsgedeelte van uw PRS-ORG-betalingsgegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt, NAME-M, bevestigt u de naam van het e-book? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 dank u wel. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
10 Hartelijk dank voor uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuizen France | Zoover
2. Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
2. Is er nog iets anders waar ik u vandaag mee kan helpen?
100% graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 mei ik hoop dat u geniet van uw dag en bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag heeft! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten de tijd om uw account te vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik heb uw account gevonden en geverifieerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik kan zien dat het account alleen PRS-ORG heeft als inlogoptie voor uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Wat gebeurt er precies wanneer u probeert uw PRS-ORG-account te koppelen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
0 Probeert u dit te doen vanaf onze website op URL? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Bedankt! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
​​En waarom werkt het niet, wat gebeurt er precies wanneer u het probeert? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​Goedendag, ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
1 moment alstublieft terwijl ik uw account verifieer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the level of protection provided by the veterinary legislation of those countries, territories, zones or compartments.
Bedankt voor het wachten, laat me alsjeblieft weten hoe ik u kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% mijn excuses voor het ongemak, maar ik ga u helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Kunt u het in uw bibliotheek zien? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
12-8-2021 ik begrijp het, bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Als u naar Mijn boeken gaat, kunt u het boek zien? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000x bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
Hiermee zal ik het boek handmatig toevoegen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​ Ga alsjeblieft weer naar je boeken en controleer of het boek verschijnt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12-8-2021 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik wens u een geweldige leestijd De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Moment alstublieft, ik zal uw details krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3 Bedankt dat u PRS-ORG aan het wachten bent. Mag ik alsjeblieft de titel weten van het boek dat u wilt kopen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
NAME-F, mag ik alsjeblieft de titel van het derde boek weten? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
Dank u, blijf alstublieft bij me, ik verifieer de details van de boeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor het wachten, NAME-F. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
50% van de totale kosten van de boeken zal ik aan uw account toevoegen als winkeltegoed. Wanneer u de boeken koopt, wordt dit tegoed automatisch afgetrokken en het is alsof u alleen de 50% betaalt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
Werkt dat voor u NAME-N? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder.
​​In dit geval zie ik dat de aankopen aan onze kant als mislukt worden weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Maar maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik kan de boeken aan uw account toevoegen, maar we hebben het aankoopbewijs nodig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​De volgende code zou zichtbaar moeten zijn: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000 dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb zojuist de twee boeken aan uw account toegevoegd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​U zou gewoon moeten synchroniseren, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt en graag gedaan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik hoop dat u geniet van de boeken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kunt u op dit moment nog iets anders gebruiken? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
İk ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Dan zou dat alles zijn van mijn kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. U ook een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Moment alstublieft terwijl ik uw account verifieer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Als ik het goed heb begrepen, heeft u de PRS-ORG, maar de boeken worden niet gratis toegevoegd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% begrepen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Heeft u de kans gehad om te controleren of de boeken in het abonnement waren opgenomen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
100% begrepen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Was het mogelijk om de link van een van de boeken te hebben die het probleem hebben? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12:00: Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2/ Ik help u graag verder.
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag hebt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
2. Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten de tijd om uw account te vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Ik bied mijn excuses aan voor het verbindingsprobleem dat u met de andere chat hebt ervaren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
29 07 2021audiobook Bedankt dat u me dit laat weten en het spijt me voor dit probleem met de audioboeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1. Voor het geval u het niet eerder heeft gedaan, heeft u de preview van de audioboeken gedownload voordat u deze koopt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1000 dank! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kan u in dat geval helpen om het audioboek uit uw PRS-ORG-app te verwijderen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. U kunt dit doen als u op de audioboek tikt en houdt en vervolgens op "Verwijderen" drukt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U moet daarna op "Verwijderen van mijn boeken" drukken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als het klaar is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
196 let me check your account. Geef me een momentje. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Moment alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
NAME-F, het systeem toont dat de transactie nog bezig is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Heeft u het omschrijvingsnummer van de PRS-ORG-bon? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​bedankt NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik heb het boek handmatig toegevoegd, synchroniseer uw lezer of app om de wijzigingen toe te passen en vertel me of u het boek kunt openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dank u, NAME-F. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als u nog andere problemen of vragen heeft, neem dan opnieuw contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20:00 uur Een fijne avond gewenst. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het spijt me heel erg dat u problemen ondervindt met de captcha. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Dit is een noodzakelijk beveiligingsproces. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙁 Helaas moet u het captcha oplossen om door te gaan naar de volgende stap. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Probeer het alsjeblieft opnieuw, het kan een paar keer duren voordat het is voltooid. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​De Android-app? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11/10/2021 Bedankt voor uw aanvraag en we kunnen u hier zeker mee helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Momenteel kunnen sommige klanten mogelijk niet rechtstreeks vanuit hun PRS-ORG-app kopen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We raden u aan om uw boeken te kopen op URL en vervolgens uw PRS-ORG-app op uw apparaat te synchroniseren om te beginnen met lezen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank u, en we stellen uw begrip op prijs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Probeer als u op uw pc bent, een andere browser De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het kan PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG zijn De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Op de Android-app hebben we wat problemen, mijn excuses voor het ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U kunt echter proberen een computer te gebruiken De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik begrijp het, we zullen die informatie binnenkort toevoegen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
however we verwachten dit probleem niet voor een lange tijd te hebben De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank u dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
16/04/2021 ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in de Var - Villa Les Oliviers
1 ik begrijp dat u problemen hebt met het kopen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb het account gecontroleerd en deze aankooppogingen verschijnen niet eens. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Dus het is waarschijnlijk dat de afschrijving niet is doorgegaan Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
14. Heeft u een computer die we kunnen gebruiken om te proberen de aankoop te doen met een ander proces? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2mmm. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kan ik proberen met een ander e-mailadres? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Maar als u aangeeft dat de aankoop wordt weergegeven zoals deze is doorgekomen, dan zie ik dit niet in het account, zelfs niet de aankoop mislukte pogingen, niets met betrekking tot die boeken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Dit geeft meestal aan dat er mogelijk een ander account is dat deze boeken bevat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ook een andere e-mailadres gebruiken De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb het gecontroleerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Volgens mijn vorige bericht toont het account niets met betrekking tot de twee boeken die u noemde. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad aan om een ander proces te proberen met behulp van een pc. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Heeft u een pc die we kunnen gebruiken voor het volgende proces? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Oké, dan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Als er een terugbetaling nodig is, helpen we u graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
16/04/2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, kunt u het e-mailadres van uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in de Var - Villa Les Oliviers
​Ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Heeft u het probleem in uw e-reader? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
2. Kunt u de stappen op de volgende link volgen: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
❤️ Hoe gaat het met u? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geweldig om dat te horen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank in vooruit. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​U werd twee keer in rekening gebracht voor hetzelfde boek, correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% begrepen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Mijn excuses voor het verbreken van de verbinding, maar ik ga u helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Op dit moment ga ik uw zaak escaleren naar onze terugbetalingsafdeling om deze voor de tweede transactie te verwerken. Wacht tot uw wordt gecontacteerd voor updates en bevestiging van de terugbetaling rechtstreeks op het e-mailadres dat u voor deze interactie hebt geregistreerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Is dit geschikt voor u? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het is me een groot genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000 kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dat klopt, uw verzoek is correct verzonden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1 hebt u nog andere vragen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
11 feb 2021 Bedankt voor de verstrekte informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
11 feb 2021 Ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
1 aankoop is niet doorgegaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Kan u de datum bevestigen van het bedrag van deze kosten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
11 februari 2021 Dank u, mevrouw. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik heb de informatie naar ons terugbetalingsteam gestuurd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
3. U ontvangt een bevestiging per e-mail tijdens de dag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
is er nog iets anders waar ik u vandaag mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Gratis.Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11 feb 2021 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
12/1/20, Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Het boek dat u hebt gekocht, staat niet in uw bibliotheek, correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% begrepen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Mijn excuses voor het ongemak, maar ik ga u helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Mag ik weten welke betaalmethode u hebt gebruikt voor de aankoop, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1000x bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kunt u met mij delen, het De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​nummer dat u in uw PRS-ORG-bon voor deze aankoop kunt zien, alstublieft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Bedankt, laat me uw account controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
NAME-F, is uw betalingsinformatie en kaart up-to-date? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Kunt u de nieuwe informatie niet opslaan? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Als uw betalingsinformatie correct is, maakt u zich geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Het systeem zal proberen om uw PRS-ORG gedurende de dag te verlengen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Er is een bug waarin het waarschuwingsbericht wordt verzonden, zelfs wanneer de informatie is bijgewerkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Maar we werken eraan om het op te lossen. Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019 Het lijkt erop dat we de verbinding hebben verbroken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Voor kwaliteitsdoeleinden ga ik deze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als u nog vragen heeft of verdere hulp nodig heeft, stuur ons dan een e-mail of neem contact met ons op via de chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik kan ook zien dat alles goed is met uw account, ik zal stappen geven om dit op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Voer deze stappen uit vanaf uw e-reader English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​U kunt uw abonnement niet op meerdere eReaders zien? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik begrijp het, ja, voer dat alstublieft uit op elke e-reader, voordat u kunt synchroniseren en kijken of het werkt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als u wilt, kan ik wachten om te zien of het probleem is opgelost De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik ben er nog als u iets nodig hebt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❤️ Hier nog steeds De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❤ alles werkte? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
18.mei 2021 Bedankt, NAME-F. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
18.mei 2021 Laat me uw account controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
18.mei 2021 Bedankt voor het wachten, NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. De aankoop is niet verwerkt door onze betalingsprovider, wat meestal minimaal 2 uur duurt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
wij zullen uw terugbetaling verwerken zodra de betaling is afgeschreven en u een bevestiging per e-mail ontvangt zodra deze is voltooid, zou dat goed zijn? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Geen probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik zal uw terugbetalingsverzoek doorsturen naar ons team, zodat ze het kunnen verwerken zodra de transacties zijn afgehandeld. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als u nog andere problemen of vragen heeft, neem dan opnieuw contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
Uw ticketnummer is PHONENUMBER De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
12 dank dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2/ Ook een fijne avond gewenst. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙏 Bedankt voor het wachten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het spijt me dat u dit probleem ondervindt, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Geef me alstublieft uw nummer Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
11-cijferig nummer dat u op uw factuur of betalingsgegevens kunt vinden, het nummer begint met 1... English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​U vindt het in uw PRS-ORG-account, in de betalingsgegevens English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Het is een probleem met PRS-ORG. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​De betalingen worden niet correct verwerkt Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Den Haag - Medical Jobs
​Ik kan u aanraden om in de toekomst een andere betaalmethode te gebruiken om dit probleem te voorkomen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2021-06-06 Thank you for the information. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10. Geef me een moment om uw account te verifiëren en te controleren wat er aan de hand is English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Om uw boeken op uw apparaat te zien, moet u uw account vernieuwen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Log gewoon uit/in Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10:55 ik heb ze zojuist toegevoegd Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. bevestig of u het kunt zien Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​dit was een eenvoudige fout bij het toevoegen van uw boeken aan ons systeem aan uw account Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🤞 Laten we hopen dat het niet opnieuw gebeurt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10-6-2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-N, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
🙂 Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% begrepen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik vragen of u een rapport van de dubbele kosten heeft gemaakt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Ik vraag dit omdat ik uw account heb gecontroleerd en het abonnement is geannuleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Dit betekent dat als u nog steeds in rekening wordt gebracht, er een actief abonnement op een ander PRS-ORG-account moet zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
👍 ok, ik heb de volgende informatie nodig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Datum waarop u in rekening werd gebracht: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoeveelheid (en hoeveel keren) dat moet worden terugbetaald: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Postcode (die wordt weergegeven op het factuuradres op het bankafschrift): De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1e en laatste 4 cijfers van de creditcard: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Achternaam van de creditcardhouder: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5. Als de ontvangst van PRS-ORG is, geef dan het PRS-ORG-nummer: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik wil graag weten of we nog steeds verbonden zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat er geen reactie is, moet deze chatbox worden gesloten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als u de hulp nog steeds wilt voortzetten, neem dan op elk moment contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Moment alstublieft, ik zal uw gegevens krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​NAME-M, heeft u geprobeerd uw factuuradres bij te werken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik begrijp het, NAME-M, onze excuses voor het ongemak. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1. Sommige boeken en inhoud zijn alleen in sommige landen beschikbaar. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Krijgt u een foutmelding wanneer u probeert te kopen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Welnu, PRS-ORG is een extra beveiligingslaag voor online creditcard- en betaalpastransacties die een stap van authenticatie toevoegt voor klanten die online aankopen doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3D Secure is een extra beveiligingslaag voor online creditcard- en betaalpastransacties die een authenticatie stap toevoegt voor klanten die online aankopen doen. U moet de code van uw betalingsprovider ontvangen, deze komt niet van PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3DS graag NAME-M, ook als u meer wilt weten over dit 3DS, is er een artikel: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het me weten als ik u nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 Welk apparaat gebruikt u en welke foutmelding verschijnt er? | 2 | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1000 dank! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik stel voor dat u zich afmeldt van uw account en weer inlogt om dit boek in uw bibliotheek te openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Deze link geeft de instructies om uit te loggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
­e-reader: URL Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ja, uw boeken van PRS-ORG worden automatisch gedownload De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/1/2019 Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
18 januari Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
18 januari Ik help u graag verder. |} English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten de doodstraf hebben afgeschaft, een bijdrage levert aan de verwezenlijking van de doelstellingen van de Unie op het gebied van de mensenrechten en de democratie.
1 ik zie de transacties in uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
2. In mijn systeem is de status van beide 'in progrees', dat is waarom de boeken niet in uw bibliotheek staan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Kunt u de omschrijving van uw PRS-ORG-afschrijving geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​bedankt. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2 boeken gekocht maar ze zijn niet zichtbaar op mijn ereader. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 minuten toestaan alstublieft Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 boeken zijn toegevoegd aan uw bibliotheek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Synchroniseer uw lezer De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
10 uitstekend De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
18 januari Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. Kunt u het e-mailadres van uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Alleen om te bevestigen, is de e-reader bevroren sinds maart? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
45 seconden ingedrukt houden op de aan-/uitknop terwijl de e-reader op een stroombron is aangesloten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 kunt u een handmatige reset op het apparaat proberen door deze stappen te volgen, alstublieft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U hebt uw inloggegevens nodig om u aan te melden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Als u boeken hebt die niet van PRS-ORG zijn, maak dan een back-up, aangezien het proces ze zal wissen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoe gaat het? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Als u later meer hulp nodig heeft, neem dan gerust contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik op dit moment nog iets anders voor u doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
7 juni Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
7 juni ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Heeft u geprobeerd uit te loggen en vervolgens weer in te loggen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Dat is geweldig! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik ben blij dat het voor u werkte! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14 dagen bedenktijd, geen probleem!
10: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ik begrijp dat je probleem betrekking heeft op het niet kunnen betreden van FUT op PS of Companion. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Laat het me weten als ik dat goed heb begrepen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Perfect, laten we daar snel aan werken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kan ik je e-mailadres voor PRS-ORG hebben? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​En laat het me weten als je toegang hebt tot de e-mail! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​En laat het me weten als je toegang hebt tot de e-mail! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Deel ook je PS Gebruikersnaam! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Laat me weten welke foutmelding verschijnt bij het openen van het spel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
👋 Fijn je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☀️ Ik hoop dat je een geweldige dag hebt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
12: Dank je wel voor het uitleggen van het probleem zo goed voor mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Ik zal zeker controleren waarom het je vraagt om te betalen voor de gratis The PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 momentje terwijl ik het controleer. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Hoe is je dag tot nu toe? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
😍 Geweldig! 😍 Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik hoop dat je een geweldige dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb gecontroleerd en ja, het spel zou vanaf vandaag gratis moeten zijn, maar maak je geen zorgen, het is vandaag de 18e, ik raad je aan om een tijdje te wachten De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​en probeer vervolgens toegang te krijgen tot het spel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je hoeft je geen zorgen te maken, je hoeft geen lid te zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% mijn genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​, om je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Zoals ik kan zien, wordt je geconfronteerd met een probleem met het spel dat niet opstart English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​. Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal zeker zien wat het beste is dat we kunnen doen en zal mijn best doen om je hiermee te helpen. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
🤔 Dus je probleem is opgelost? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
😊 Je bent zo'n aardige man!
​​Graag gedaan en het was fijn om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-03-08 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik begrijp dat je PRS-ORG-punten wilt overzetten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik kan je daarmee helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1 Wat is het e-mailadres van het PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
PRS-ORG Ondersteuning heeft de PRS-ORG-punten van PRS-ORG naar PRS-ORG al een paar minuten geleden overgedragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Controleer nu PRS-ORG. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
✨ Bedankt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Heb je nog andere vragen voor mij? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo, hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
​​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
🤗 Geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik begrijp je bezorgdheid over het probleem van het verkopen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂. Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen bij het oplossen van dit probleem en je hierbij te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft de exacte fout laten weten waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Laat me controleren of er een update over dit is, blijf alsjeblieft verbonden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Het duurt een beetje langer, blijf alsjeblieft verbonden. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kun je de screenshot van de fout in deze chat delen, aangezien ik dit met mijn team controleer en ze om de sc vragen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​​​​​​Reenshot. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
10 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
10 Ik kan begrijpen dat uw account is gehackt en dat het e-mailadres van uw PRS-ORG-account is gewijzigd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❓ Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1 ik begrijp echt dat het teleurstellend kan zijn wanneer je account wordt gehackt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen bij het inloggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat is geregistreerd met je PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​​Ik kan geen account vinden met dit e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
2. Kan je de gedeelde e-mail opnieuw controleren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal zeker zien wat het beste is dat we kunnen doen en zal mijn best doen om je hiermee te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✘ Kan ik de PRS-ORG en het e-mailadres dat aan het PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld, krijgen om te controleren of we aan het juiste account werken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Mag ik je gamertag weten? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Deze gamertag is niet gekoppeld aan een e-mail-ID. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👀 Dit is NAME-M De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​is gekoppeld aan een verwijderd PRS-ORG-Account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Heb je gevraagd om het PRS-ORG-Account te verwijderen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Probeer het wachtwoord van het account opnieuw in te stellen om er weer bij te komen als je geen nieuw account hebt aangemaakt met hetzelfde e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​De onderstaande link zal je helpen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je wilt, kan ik de PRS-ORG-Account van het verwijderde PRS-ORG-Account ontkoppelen en dan kun je het koppelen aan een nieuwe e-mail-ID De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​PRS-ORG-Account en je kunt toegang krijgen tot het account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor het delen van je probleem met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Maak je geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✎ Ik ben hier om je te helpen met de PRS-ORG opstarten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Laat me doorgaan en alle mogelijke oplossingen voor je controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kan je naar Documenten &gt; Electronic Arts gaan en de PRS-ORG-map naar je bureaublad slepen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Probeer nu opnieuw het spel te starten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor je geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus ik heb de details gecontroleerd vanuit bronnen en het lijkt erop dat er geen serverprobleem is, we hebben voor het spel werkt zoals bedoeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0k, in dat geval De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad je aan om het spel een keer te repareren en te controleren of het werkt of niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​En als het niet werkt, verlaat dan een keer de PRS-ORG-client en verwijder de cachebestanden voor de PRS-ORG en start de pc opnieuw op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En je kunt de stappen uit ons artikel halen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geweldig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het zal enige tijd duren om alle stappen uit te voeren. Het is beter om contact met ons op te nemen als de stappen niet voor je werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En neem alsjeblieft ook contact op met PRS-ORG-ondersteuning en laat hen weten dat het programma wordt uitgevoerd, zelfs als het niet geopend is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❤️ Dank je wel voor je begrip en geduld tijdens de sessie, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem alsjeblieft contact met ons op als je nog vragen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Tot die tijd blijf veilig daarbuiten! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
✨, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ja, dit is PRS-ORG help chat live service beschikbaar voor u. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal je zeker helpen met het ontbrekende team van je PRS-ORG en zal mijn best doen voor je. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik je PSN ID weten? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
En het e-mailadres voor het PRS-ORG-Account? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
Geen zorgen, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en mijn best doen om je te helpen met de login. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
2 Mag ik je PRS-ORG gamertag weten? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dank je wel voor de PRS-ORG gamertag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Zoals ik kan controleren, is je PRS-ORG ID verbonden met het account dat is verwijderd, misschien is dat het probleem waarom je dit probleem ondervindt om online toegang te krijgen tot de game. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Om je account te herstellen kun je proberen het wachtwoord van het account opnieuw in te stellen om er weer bij te komen als je geen nieuw account hebt aangemaakt met hetzelfde e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Zijn we nog steeds verbonden?
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL, we helpen je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
☀️, ik hoop dat je een fijne dag hebt. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal zeker proberen de best mogelijke oplossing met je te delen met betrekking tot het probleem met het downloaden van games. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's trade in aquaculture animals and products.
2. We willen graag delen dat de PRS-ORG in de systeemschijf moet worden gedownload en dat je ze later naar de harde schijf kunt verplaatsen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
● Uitbreidingspakketten. ··· De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Downloadbare inhoud De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● (DLC's) De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ze moeten met het basisspel worden gedownload, anders werken ze niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wil je niet opjagen, maar we zijn al een paar minuten inactief. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik wil graag weten of onze chat nog verbonden is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moet ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
‌Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik kan het probleem niet begrijpen, gelieve het uit te leggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Aangezien PRS-ORG een breed scala aan games heeft, hebben we geen informatie over elke in-game walkthrough, maar ik stuur je deze link, raadpleeg deze link en plaats je vraag hier, we hebben de beste van onze game-experts die je beter kunnen helpen met dit probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL, we helpen je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo daar, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
✎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Kan je je probleem alstublieft wat meer toelichten? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Zodat ik je beter kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de info. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Geen zorgen, laten we eens kijken wat er kan worden gedaan, ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Zoals ik begreep, kun je PRS-ORG niet spelen met je PRS-ORG, klopt dat en kon je eerder wel spelen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ja, laat me dat de vroege toegang nog niet is begonnen en we hebben op dit moment geen dergelijke informatie hierover, dus ik verzoek je om te wachten en in de gaten te houden op onze officiële handle voor meer updates hierover. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
ik hoop dat dit nuttig was. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het ons weten als we je nog ergens mee kunnen helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1e Om te bevestigen, zijn we nog steeds verbonden?
👋 Hallo NAME-M, Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten de doodstraf hebben afgeschaft, een bijdrage levert aan de versterking van de internationale druk op de landen die de doodstraf blijven toepassen.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik begrijp dat je de 64-bits rechten nodig hebt van PRS-ORG uitbreidingspakketten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Ik kan je daarmee helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​​Wat is het e-mailadres van het PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​​Heb je alleen twee uitbreidingspakketten gemist? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​De PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG en PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG zijn toegevoegd in ALPHANUMERICID. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Χαιρές! Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Heb je nog andere vragen voor mij? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 Dank u voor uw bericht. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2022-05-14: Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Blijf veilig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat is jammer om te horen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Maar hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❗️ Je account is verwijderd, dat is vervelend om te horen, maar maak je geen zorgen, ik zal proberen je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
In dit geval moet u proberen het wachtwoord opnieuw in te stellen en het account zal opnieuw activeren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Alleen spelers kunnen dit helaas doen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✉ Kan je me alsjeblieft het e-mailadres geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
4. Zodat ik je account kan vinden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
👍 Oké, dus als dit account inactief of verwijderd is, kan alleen jij het opnieuw activeren. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
2. Door het wachtwoord opnieuw in te stellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je een nieuw account hebt aangemaakt met het e-mailadres, kun je het helaas niet opnieuw activeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dit zou je moeten helpen met meer info. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus je PSN is gekoppeld aan een PRS-ORG-account dat inactief of verwijderd is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Alleen je kunt het opnieuw activeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Alleen spelers kunnen een dergelijk account opnieuw activeren, helaas. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. Helaas niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat!🌻 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% begrepen, laat me de relevante informatie delen over de PRS-ORG-korting die gaande is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Geef me een momentje alsjeblieft. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik werk eraan, blijf alsjeblieft online. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor het wachten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​​​​​​Ik kon geen lopende promotie voor PRS-ORG vinden, maar je kunt dit controleren voor de lopende PRS-ORG-uitverkoop: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10% korting op PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Het lijkt erop dat je niet bij je toetsenbord bent, laat het me weten als we nog steeds verbonden zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moet ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5 Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan gerust contact met ons op op URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
☀ Hallo, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik kan zien dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen over The PRS-ORG 4, zou je hier wat meer willen toelichten? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
Hier is het telefoonnummer en je kunt bellen naar PHONENUMBER, We hopen snel van je te horen, zodat we kunnen helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3 Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the following:
Een fijne dag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% Gratis dating site! Natuurlijk, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen de PRS-ORG-kaart te ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor je geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik heb je account grondig gecontroleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
11e Ik zou je willen meedelen dat je je PRS-ORG niet voor 11 augustus hebt besteld, dus je komt niet in aanmerking voor de PRS-ORG-kaart. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 hopelijk begrijp je het. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
100% gastvrijheid, graag gedaan. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als je ooit hulp nodig hebt, neem dan contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om met je te praten, een fijne dag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Het spijt me te horen dat je minder beloningen in PRS-ORG hebt ontvangen vanwege dit probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal dit melden aan ons team. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Uw passie voor het spel wordt gewaardeerd en we danken je voor de tijd die je hebt genomen om dit probleem te melden. Het zal ons helpen om het spel beter te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me, maar ik heb geen mogelijkheid om iets te verlenen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Ik kan de problemen alleen aan ons team melden, zodat ze kunnen worden opgelost. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Uw medewerking wordt op prijs gesteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-1-15 08:36:50 goodbye and take care of yourself. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Geen zorgen! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
1 ik zal zeker mijn best doen om je te helpen met de snelle verkoop van spelers door een fout. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Geef me een momentje alsjeblieft. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Het spijt me te moeten zeggen dat aangezien het een in-game wijziging is en het wordt geïnitieerd vanuit het einde van de spelers, het niet mogelijk is om de spelers terug te krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat kan de snelkoppeling zijn voor de snelle verkoop. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Controleer je toetsenbord-bindtoetsen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb je de beschikbare informatie verstrekt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​voor het probleem en ik zal deze discussie moeten beëindigen als er niets anders is waar ik je mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat je iets vraagt dat ik al heb laten weten niet mogelijk is van onze kant, moet ik deze chatsessie verbreken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Neem gerust contact met ons op als je verdere hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Laat me weten hoe ik je vandaag kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​​​​​​Gelieve het pakket en de naam van het spel te specificeren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
❤️ Dank je wel voor het delen van je bezorgdheid, aangezien ik kan lezen dat je hulp nodig hebt met betrekking tot een pakket dat je vandaag hebt geopend. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Je kunt er zeker van zijn dat ik je zo goed mogelijk zal helpen met je probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Deel alsjeblieft het (e-mail dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-Account/PSN Gebruikersnaam en e-mail van PRS-ORG-Account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
): gamertag en e-mailadres van PRS-ORG-Account.) Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🌍 Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ah! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the following:
1 ik zie dat dit vervelend kan zijn als je account is gecompromitteerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1 maand geleden Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Ik zal je account hier vinden en je helpen door het te beveiligen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld om het hier te vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
10 Dank je wel voor de informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤞 Laten we hopen dat het team binnenkort goed nieuws heeft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-03-08 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union financial contribution referred to in paragraph 2.
Aangenaam kennis te maken.
1 ik hoop dat de vorige adviseur u kon helpen met het opnieuw instellen van het wachtwoord. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
3. Is er een ander probleem waarmee u wordt geconfronteerd dat ik kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik begrijp uw bezorgdheid over de alpha code voor PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik zou u willen meedelen dat er op dit moment geen officiële updates over zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​We wachten nog steeds op informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​U kunt uw e-mail blijven controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Zodra er een update is, wordt u op de hoogte gesteld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 op 1 begrijp ik, maar zoals u weet, is het alfatest, dus u krijgt een e-mail rechtstreeks van het team. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​We kunnen geen informatie over dit onderwerp controleren of delen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. Voor meer informatie hierover, raad ik u aan om URL te bezoeken De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als u hulp nodig heeft met iets anders, kunt u op elk moment contact met ons opnemen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-08-21 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Hopelijk gaat het goed met je, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Ik zal zeker zien wat het beste is dat we kunnen doen om je te helpen bij het herstellen van de ontbrekende bergen en zal mijn best doen om je hiermee te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik zou je willen meedelen dat in een normaal scenario deze dingen meestal niet gebeuren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb dit ook met mijn team gecontroleerd en ik ga het probleem als bug melden aan ons gameteam. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Ons team zal de bug onderzoeken en het zo snel mogelijk oplossen als er een probleem aan onze kant is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Elke bug die dit probleem veroorzaakt, zal door ons team worden onderzocht en zo snel mogelijk worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Wij als chat-ondersteuningsteam kunnen geen wijzigingen aanbrengen aan onze kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ga het melden en als er problemen aan onze kant zijn, wordt het opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ondertussen verzoek ik je om te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Wacht alsjeblieft even en het zal zo snel mogelijk worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% begrepen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
however, dit is iets dat alleen door ons team kan worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geef ons alsjeblieft wat meer tijd om dit op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❤ Het was leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Je bent ongelooflijk geduldig en meewerkend geweest. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Aarzel niet om contact op te nemen als je nog hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-03-08 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1 Wij stellen je geduld met ons op prijs, NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
let's hope to get this resolved for you. (Laten we hopen dat dit voor je wordt opgelost.) English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
help me met het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld en laat me eens kijken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's trade in aquaculture animals and products.
1 op 1 begrepen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik ben het aan het onderzoeken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb een verificatie-e-mail gestuurd, controleer of je deze hebt ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De e-mail heeft als onderwerp het verifiëren van het eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account en je kunt het in hun inbox of spam inbox ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben het aan het onderzoeken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Alles lijkt perfect te zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik deel enkele hulp artikelen met oplossingen die zeker zou moeten helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hier: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL
URL
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ik begrijp het. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt ook proberen PRS-ORG opnieuw te installeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En hopelijk is alles goed. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Hier is een ander hulp artikel dat kan helpen met lokale problemen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als ik je nu nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, er is absoluut niets mis met het spel of je account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laten we hopen dat de problemen snel worden opgelost :) De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
je bent geweldig geweest tijdens de chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik wens je een fijne tijd en blijf veilig daarbuiten! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ça va? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Cheers! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bye.
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
✉️, ik hoop dat alles goed gaat aan jouw kant. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk ben het ook goed. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
NAME-F, ik zou met je willen delen dat de vroege toegang morgen op elk moment zal worden vrijgegeven, maar waarschijnlijk zal deze worden vrijgegeven om 8 uur UTC English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Laat het me weten als je verdere hulp nodig hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Het kan op elk moment worden uitgebracht, maar er is een kans dat het wordt uitgebracht om 8 uur UTC. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the aquatic animals and the level of aquatic animal diseases in the third country.
​​Het spijt me, we hebben geen optie om inhoud van onze kant te verlenen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als je verdere hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
8 uur 's ochtends of 8 uur 's avonds? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
8 uur UTC. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U kunt het controleren op uw lokale tijd, maar dit is niet bevestigd. Er zijn kansen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als je verdere hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✨, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Bedankt voor het delen van het probleem met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met de mogelijke opties die beschikbaar zijn met betrekking tot het downloaden van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Mag ik de PSN ID hebben om het account te vinden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
👍 Bedankt voor het delen van de Gebruikersnaam Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
💬 Laat me het account voor u controleren. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
3 Geen zorgen, ik zal dit zeker voor je onderzoeken en je hiermee helpen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1000 welkom! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ter bevestiging: mag ik weten of dit het juiste PSN ALPHANUMERICID is? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Leuk je te ontmoeten NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat.
✱ Hoe kan ik vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
10 dank u wel. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
6-cijferige verificatiecode naar uw e-mail gestuurd, gelieve deze code met mij te delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 46(1).
10 dank u wel. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Ik ben uw account aan het controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Blijf alsjeblieft online. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik ben het vorige gesprek en zaken aan het controleren, dit kan even duren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Deze zaak is doorgegeven aan ons toegewijde team. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​U heeft gemeld dat het account is gehackt en het e-mailadres is gewijzigd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 onze adviseur heeft enkele accountgerelateerde informatie verzameld en de zaak met het team gedeeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. U ontvangt een e-mail van ons team na onderzoek en na het bekijken van uw gesprek. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Ik dank u voor uw geduld en medewerking tijdens dit gesprek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt opnieuw dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 blijf veilig, ik wens u een fijne dag! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Aangenaam kennis te maken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✨. Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Bedankt voor de informatie, ik zal je helpen met de link waarmee je contact met ze kunt opnemen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Omdat PRS-ORG een andere ondersteuning heeft dan wij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👉 We zijn twee verschillende bedrijven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik ben goed, bedankt voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, ondanks het probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 ik hoop dat ze ook live ondersteuning hebben. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt het nagaan bij De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Playstation-ondersteuning via deze link: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Je kunt contact opnemen met PRS-ORG-stationondersteuning via deze link: URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ah! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zou je graag met hen willen verbinden als we daarvoor een optie zouden hebben, aangezien we alleen controleren met PRS-ORG-ondersteuning. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als je andere vragen hebt waar ik je mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik zou echt willen helpen om verbinding te maken als er een enkele mogelijkheid voor ons zou zijn, maar je kunt deze link ook proberen, het zou helpen als je het nog niet hebt geprobeerd: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​Voor vragen over PRS-ORG-games kun je altijd contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-08-27 15:36:19 - Dag, het beste. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
🙂 Bedankt voor de info. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geen zorgen, laat me eens kijken wat we kunnen doen om je PSN ID aan je PRS-ORG-account te koppelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Zoals ik heb gecontroleerd, moet je eerst de PSN ID van het oude PRS-ORG-account ontkoppelen om een PSN ID aan een PRS-ORG-account te koppelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Om meer te weten over hoe je het verwijderde PRS-ORG-Account kunt herstellen, kun je deze PRS-ORG-forum - URL raadplegen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Raadpleeg de link en kijk of het helpt.
​En zodra het account aan onze kant is verwijderd, hebben we geen informatie over het account. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
12 ik kan begrijpen dat je geen PRS-ORG 12 kunt spelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
❓ Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geweldig! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Je bent geweldig!
Je bent erg aardig en beleefd geweest tijdens de sessie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Laat het me weten, is er nog iets waar ik je vandaag mee kan helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik moet je vertellen dat je erg ondersteunend en vergelijkbaar bent tijdens het hele contract. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Bedankt voor je steun. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Glad dat ik je heb kunnen helpen en bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 onze beste wensen aan jou en je familie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12:00 uur Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Dank je wel en tot ziens. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✗ Zoals ik het begrijp, kun je PRS-ORG niet spelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
⚠ Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met je PRS-ORG probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan je alsjeblieft bevestigen welk platform je gebruikt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​Bedankt voor je bevestiging. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Ik verzoek je om je console een keer opnieuw op te starten en me te laten weten of dat werkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4 minuten geleden is de chat inactief geweest. Als we binnen de volgende minuut geen reactie van jouw kant ontvangen, wordt de chat automatisch beëindigd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Reageer alsjeblieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, als u de ondersteuning van de oproep wilt, laat me een nummer met u delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Laat het mij weten welk land je uit komt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik zal het land specifieke PRS-ORG call ondersteuning nummer controleren en het met je delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
31 20 80 83 219, de taal is Nederlands. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Glad dat ik je heb kunnen helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2/3 Mag ik weten of ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen?
100% zeker. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Neem contact met ons op voor vragen over het spel en bezoek URL voor tips en trucs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Zorg goed voor jezelf en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo, zijn we verbonden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
20: Het lijkt erop dat je niet bij je toetsenbord bent. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Reageer alsjeblieft als we nog steeds verbonden zijn met deze sessie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Goedendag, ik begrijp dat je je PRS-ORG-punten niet kunt overzetten naar PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Ik zal de details zeker controleren en je hier helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Wat is het e-mailadres dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u wel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik kan je helpen met de overdracht van punten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Houd er rekening mee dat dit eenmalige overdracht is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👌, punten zijn toegevoegd aan je PRS-ORG-account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

​aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ik begrijp je bezorgdheid dat je problemen ondervindt bij de toegang tot PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Maak je geen zorgen, want dit is een lopend probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Veel spelers a English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the following:
dit probleem wordt onderzocht door het team. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Mijn excuses dat je moet wachten, aangezien dit wordt onderzocht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
🙂 oké! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Dus je hebt een probleem ondervonden tijdens het spelen van een spel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Klopt dat? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2 Mag ik weten of je de game hebt gekocht? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Oké! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat de transactie voor de aankoop in de PRS-ORG-winkel rechtstreeks via de PRS-ORG-betaalgateway verloopt, zodat de factuurgerelateerde vragen voor aankopen in de PSN-winkel worden afgehandeld door de PRS-ORG-ondersteuning zelf. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​In dit geval zou ik je aanraden contact op te nemen met PSN-ondersteuning en te controleren of er een terugbetaling is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, dit is een normaal probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Neem contact op met je winkel voor dit probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik dank je voor je medewerking in deze zaak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
💬 Zijn we verbonden?
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👍 Bedankt voor het delen van de bezorgdheid, ik begrijp dat je contact met ons opneemt over PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met de pre-order gerelateerde vraag. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik begrijp je bezorgdheid, maar ik wil je informeren dat alleen de winkelier kan helpen met de annulering van deze bestelling. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​We kunnen alleen PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG pre-orders controleren. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hoe gaat het met je? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🔎 Je bent verbonden met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Heb je het over de verificatiecode? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal zeker proberen te zoeken naar de best mogelijke oplossing voor je probleem met betrekking tot het niet kunnen krijgen van de verificatiecodes. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
1. Om te beginnen, mag ik het e-mailadres van je PRS-ORG-Account weten? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☀️ Goed om je hier te zien, ik hoop dat je een prettige dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Bedankt voor het delen van je vraag, aangezien je problemen ondervindt bij het openen van de web-app voor PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Laat me kijken naar de mogelijke manieren waarop ik je kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 uur proefversie. Gewoon om te bevestigen dat je toegang hebt tot het spel via PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
100% goed Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Laat me dit onderzoeken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
5 Dank je wel voor het wachten terwijl ik heb gecontroleerd of er een bekend probleem is bij het openen van de transfermarkt, met name met de consoles van de vijfde generatie. Deze problemen worden momenteel onderzocht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik verzoek je om te wachten tot het probleem is verholpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag, NAME-M leuk je te ontmoeten in de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, laat me proberen je te helpen de game-identiteit van PRS-ORG-account te verwijderen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat voor zover ik weet, we de gamespecifieke identiteit niet kunnen verwijderen van het PRS-ORG-account, maar laat me het hier met mijn team bevestigen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Bedankt voor het wachten, zoals ik heb bevestigd met mijn team hier, zou ik je willen meedelen dat we de specifieke game-identiteit niet kunnen verwijderen, omdat dit technisch niet mogelijk is, omdat het door de servers wordt beheerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
wij kunnen je echter helpen bij het verwijderen van je PRS-ORG-account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Heel erg bedankt voor je geduld en begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het me weten als ik je kan helpen met iets anders. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help je graag verder.
Dat is geen probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een fijne ervaring om een speler zoals jij te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen en geniet van de rest van je dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Glad om gamers zoals jij te zien met goede gaming waarden en enthousiasme voor het spel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙏 Blijf veilig en gezond! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤗 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
0h oké! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Geen zorgen, ik begrijp je bezorgdheid hier over het niet kunnen starten van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Laat het me weten als ik dat goed heb begrepen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geen zorgen, laten we daar snel aan werken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Laat het me weten als je URL hebt geprobeerd De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Probeer in dat geval deze: URL URL URL Neem contact op met PRS-ORG voor meer probleemoplossing of andere dingen om te proberen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-M, zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
De onvermogen om te reageren kan de sessie hier automatisch beëindigen, anders over een minuut. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Oh goed, voor de rest zal je echter contact moeten opnemen met PRS-ORG, aangezien we tot nu toe niets kunnen delen aan onze kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik nog iets anders voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik begrijp het volledig, maar ik hoop dat je begrijpt dat er procedures zijn die niet kunnen worden gewijzigd aan mijn kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Van mijn kant kon ik deze alleen delen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✋ Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor het doorgeven van deze informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als ik het goed begrijp, is je ontwerp verbonden met PRS-ORG-servers, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Bedankt voor het doorgeven van deze informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Wanneer heb je de wedstrijd voltooid? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft het e-mailadres geven dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt voor de informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 Geef me een moment om het te onderzoeken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor je geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Zoals ik in je account kan zien, zijn er vandaag geen logboeken bijgewerkt, dus we konden het ontwerp niet zien. In dit geval zou ik je willen verzoeken om alsjeblieft even te wachten, omdat het even duurt voordat het wordt bijgewerkt. Wacht alsjeblieft even en neem opnieuw contact met ons op, zodat we verder kunnen gaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, ik heb dat gecontroleerd en er was geen probleem van jouw kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Er is een probleem met de logs, het kan even duren voordat de logs zijn bijgewerkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Bedankt voor het delen van de details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Als ik het goed begrijp, heb je een probleem met het online spelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
202-mag ik alsjeblieft weten welke fout je ondervindt? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 Oké, maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Mag ik alsjeblieft je PSN ID weten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Glad te horen dat je probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Glad dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Je bent ongelooflijk geduldig en meewerkend geweest. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Oh, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en de informatie over de status van de vorige zaak delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Mag ik je e-mailadres en PRS-ORG gebruikersnaam die aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1e, ik waardeer je interesse in PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Zoals ik kan zien, is de zaak al geëscaleerd naar het Dienstvoorwaarden Team, zodat de beperkingen zo snel mogelijk kunnen worden opgeheven, dus maak je geen zorgen en ik raad je aan om je e-mailadres in de gaten te houden voor een reactie van het team. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ja, je zou zeer binnenkort een e-mail hierover ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🎮 Blijf gamen en breek records. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als je nog vragen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
✨, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kun je meer informatie geven over je probleem, zodat ik ervoor kan zorgen dat er geen misverstand is? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% goed. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal de details controleren en zal proberen om je te helpen met de PRS-ORG-games. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
●. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb een verificatie-e-mail gestuurd, controleer alsjeblieft of je deze hebt ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​De e-mail heeft als onderwerp "Verifieer eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" en je hebt het mogelijk in je inbox of map met ongewenste e-mail ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Dank je wel en laat me weten waar je PRS-ORG aan een PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik kan de PRS-ORG niet zien die aan dit PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Aangezien je de hebt gekocht De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​game via PRS-ORG hebt gekocht, dus je moet de PRS-ORG aan dit PRS-ORG-account hebben gekoppeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ook, ja, je moet de basisspel hebben om de DLC te kunnen spelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Nice to meet you, hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☀️ Dus hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✗ Dus als ik het goed begrijp, heb je de wedstrijd verloren vanwege een verbreking, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​We kunnen je winst/verlies record niet resetten of verliezen verwijderen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's trade in aquaculture animals and products.
​We kunnen geen beloningen toekennen voor wedstrijden die verloren zijn vanwege verbindingsproblemen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​We kunnen geen straffen verwijderen voor het verbreken van de verbinding of het opnieuw instellen van je DNF-modificator. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat me je meedelen dat de wedstrijdresultaten altijd via de server worden geteld. In dit geval kunnen we de details van onze kant niet valideren over hoe je uit de wedstrijden werd verbonden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je wilt en me toestaat, kan ik je helpen met de stappen voor het oplossen van verbindingsproblemen en het zal je helpen met het verbindingsprobleem, is dat goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Gelieve geen scheldwoorden te gebruiken in die chat, aangezien ik je de link voor de stappen voor probleemoplossing deel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
We staan er niet op om met dergelijke situaties te worden geconfronteerd, maar er zijn veel momenten waarop dingen niet in het voordeel van spelers zijn en ja, dat is hoe het gaat voor ons en spelers. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat je het begrijpt en blijft als een waardevolle klant voor PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
2 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Bedankt voor de details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1. Gewoon om te bevestigen dat je hulp nodig hebt bij PRS-ORG-toegang op de PRS-ORG-app. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Bedankt voor de bevestiging. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
⚠️ ik moet het met je delen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
De toegang tot de Transfermarkt is iets waar we allemaal toegang toe moeten verdienen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Je kunt doorgaan met spelen en je zou er binnenkort toegang toe moeten hebben zonder problemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Je kunt dit artikel ook volgen om meer te weten te komen over hoe je toegang kunt krijgen tot de Transfermarkt op Web/PRS_ORG-app. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, ik kan me daar volledig in vinden, het is hetzelfde met mij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het lijkt er echter op dat het allemaal geautomatiseerd is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik begrijp het volledig dat je het zo snel mogelijk wilt krijgen, vooral in deze tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
however, toen ik het wilde, heb ik alle mogelijke manieren geprobeerd om het op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het lijkt er echter op dat blijven spelen de enige mogelijke manier is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om hier met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Blijf gezond en veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder, groetjes. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Fijne feestdagen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
✨ Leuk dat je er bent, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geen zorgen, ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen, aangezien je het spel niet kunt starten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Voer PRS-ORG uit als admin-modus en controleer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Nee, ik deel een link met je. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Probeer die stap een keer en als het probleem hetzelfde blijft, neem dan gerust contact op, we zullen het verder onderzoeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​URL Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
​​Afgezien hiervan, is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Ik wens het beste. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Neem alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op als je nog hulp nodig hebt. Met vriendelijke groeten en pas goed op jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik begrijp dat je problemen ondervindt met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Laat me je hier helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Gebruik je de PRS-ORG-app? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik raad je aan om English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. Doe een schone opstart van de pc om de oorzaak te identificeren en te verhelpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. U kunt de stappen volgen op ons Help-artikel: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% goed. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
​​Doe dat alsjeblieft. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✉️ Bedankt dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als je hulp nodig hebt, kun je contact met ons opnemen via URL. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Een fijn weekend gewenst! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
​Dank u wel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Vertel me alsjeblieft hoe ik je vandaag kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik begrijp dat je je verbindt met het spel vanwege een probleem met de server. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the commodities referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik moet je informeren dat dit het probleem is dat door veel spelers is gemeld en het team werkt eraan om het op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Dit probleem wordt onderzocht door ons team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Onze team probeert hun best om dit probleem zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Mijn excuses voor het ongemak dat ik heb veroorzaakt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ik verzoek je alsjeblieft te wachten tot het probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
100% GRAAG GEZIEN! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het me weten als ik je vandaag nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met je probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan het PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Ik heb de terugbetaling voor je gestart en je krijgt het binnen 7-10 dagen in je account, afhankelijk van de verwerktijd van je bank. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Is er nog iets waar ik je op dit moment mee kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animal health.
1. Ik heb een terugbetalingsverzoek ingediend voor PRS-ORG aan mijn kant en je krijgt het binnen 7-10 dagen in je account, afhankelijk van de verwerktijd van je bank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Blijf veilig en zorg goed voor jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het is een genoegen je te ontmoeten.
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
12: Geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je hierbij te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Mag ik weten of het betrekking heeft op het Winter Special Pack? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geef me een minuutje om dit te controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik heb de details gecontroleerd en ik zal echt eerlijk met je zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het probleem waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd, is iets waar we al van op de hoogte zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We ontvangen vergelijkbare meldingen van spelers over de hele wereld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Onze teams zijn op de hoogte van het probleem en werken ijverig aan de oplossing. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dit is een probleem dat is gegenereerd door de server en ons gespecialiseerde team werkt ijverig om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen, dus ik verzoek je vriendelijk om even te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👥 We vragen om je medewerking De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik je, afgezien hiervan, nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, alle wijzigingen worden weergegeven in je account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, alle wijzigingen worden weergegeven in je account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Trouwens, welke speler vind je het leukst in PRS-ORG? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
00:00:00 Wauw, dat is ongelooflijk. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3R ' s van voetbal wil ik, dat zijn NAME-M, NAME-M en NAME-M, maar ze zijn te duur op de Transfermarkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
⚽️ Hoewel ik een enorme fan ben van de curve curl shot van NAME-M. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wou dat we sommige van deze spelers in packs konden krijgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Je ondervindt problemen bij het downloaden van PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, laat me het onderzoeken en je dienovereenkomstig helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat is geregistreerd met je PRS-ORG-account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
🙂 Dank je wel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik weten of je de PRS-ORG-app of PRS-ORG gebruikt? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000 maal geweldig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Kun je het ook voor de andere pakketten vinden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Glad te horen dat je probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help je graag verder.
Dat is helemaal geen probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het belangrijkste is dat je probleem is verholpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Glad dat ik je heb kunnen helpen en bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
2020-04-01 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Hopelijk gaat het goed met je, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik zal zeker zien wat het beste is dat we kunnen doen voor je met het terugbetalingsprobleem nadat we de geschiktheid hebben gecontroleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u wel! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Geef me een moment om te controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Oke! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
2021-1-13 10:45:19 Als ik het goed begrijp, is de aankoop die je hebt gedaan niet in aanmerking komt voor de terugbetaling. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Dus we kunnen de terugbetaling niet verwerken. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
4 We kunnen je echter helpen met de stappen voor probleemoplossing om het probleem op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Wil je dat doen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hallo NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
NAME-F, vertel me alsjeblieft hoe ik je vandaag kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik verzoek je om de PRS-ORG-app te installeren via de link URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
4. Probeer dan je systeem volledig uit en in te schakelen en probeer opnieuw in te loggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​Probeer het alsjeblieft en informeer me hierover. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de bevestiging. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat in dit geval je een bug moet melden, zodat onze community manager je een oplossing in real-time kan geven voor je vraag. Je moet verwijzen naar de onderstaande link: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Apart from this, kan ik u ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-01 Een fijne dag en blijf veilig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te spreken en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
✗ Kun je het probleem waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd, toelichten?
👍 Oké! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Je kunt niet inloggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Klopt dat? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
3 Geen zorgen, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en mijn best doen om je te helpen met de login. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Mag ik je PSN ID en het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Help me alsjeblieft met het juiste PSN ID. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam~
1. Ga naar Instellingen &gt; Accountbeheer &gt; Accountinformatie &gt; Profiel &gt; Online ID. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

​​Leuk je te ontmoeten, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Oh, oké! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Ik begrijp het en ik zal het zeker controleren en je helpen je account e-mailadres te vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik weten of je PRS-ORG ID aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👍Oké. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik zal het controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
❤️Kun je de gamertag delen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Als ik het goed begrijp, wil je vragen of de voortgang van PRS-ORG kan worden overgezet naar PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ís dat zo? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen met de informatie hierover. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat PRS-ORG een cross-play game is, wat betekent dat spelers van alle platformen samen kunnen spelen, maar dat PRS-ORG nooit een cross-progress game was, wat betekent dat de informatie op twee verschillende platforms nooit kan worden gesynchroniseerd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Tot op heden is deze cross-progress-functie alleen beschikbaar voor de PRS-ORG-game. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Geen enkel ander spel heeft deze functie van gamevoortgangsoverdracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat het binnenkort wordt geïntroduceerd voor PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus het is niet zo dat je het niet kunt doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Deze functie bestaat gewoon niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, het kan niet worden overgedragen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✗ Zoals ik kan begrijpen, heb je de XP niet ontvangen, correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Geen zorgen, ik zal het met het team overleggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​We kunnen geen XP toekennen vanwege een technisch probleem, we hebben dit ook vermeld in onze PRS-ORG Help. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Je kunt ook in onderstaande link URL kijken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen, het team zal zeker met een positieve update komen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% zekerheid. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me, maar ik kan dit niet doen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Aarzel niet om contact op te nemen als je nog vragen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Heb een fijne dag, een geweldige dag voor je. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Toon minder. Wees voorzichtig en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
❤️, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
✉️Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen met de informatie over het toegangsprobleem van PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
123Graag gedaan. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat de weergegeven datum niet voor je toegang is, maar voor de wereldwijde lancering van PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Negeer het alsjeblieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
27 september zal je toegang krijgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Niet alleen jij, elk account dat de PRS-ORG-editie heeft gekocht, krijgt toegang op dezelfde datum. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Hopelijk gaat het goed met je, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✗ Dus eigenlijk zeg je dat je je XP en pakket niet hebt ontvangen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Dat is niet goed om te horen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Geen zorgen, ik zal het voor je uitzoeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Geef me een minuut de tijd om de details met het team te delen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb je de XP en het pakket toegekend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 ik hoop dat ik je voldoende heb geholpen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2011-09-21 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor je medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Neem contact met ons op als je verdere vragen of problemen hebt met PRS-ORG-games. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We helpen je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergave ik heb een geweldige dag voor je! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik begrijp dat je niet kunt inloggen op je PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik kan je daarmee helpen.
​​Wat is het e-mailadres van het PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Er zijn nooit PRS-ORG-accounts aangemaakt met het e-mailadres dat je hebt gedeeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​We kunnen geen account vinden met de gedeelde informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Verzamel alsjeblieft wat andere details. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je games op het account had, deel dan een code en als je bij PRS-ORG had gekocht, deel dan een bestelnummer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het e-mailadres dat je hebt gedeeld, toont geen accounts. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Mag ik weten wat het probleem is, zodat ik het verder kan controleren om je te helpen met de juiste informatie? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Geen probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal je zeker helpen met je probleem met betrekking tot PRS-ORG PRS-ORG-probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
10 Kon je alsjeblieft je e-mail-ID en console-ID (PRS-ORG Gamertag of PRS-ORG ID) met mij delen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 Bedankt voor je bevestiging. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Mag ik de naam weten van de spelers die je verliest? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 aangezien we niets van je hebben gehoord, zal onze tool de chat nu verbreken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5. Mocht je nog hulp nodig hebben met dit of een ander probleem, aarzel dan niet om contact met ons op te nemen via URL, ik wens je een fijne dag! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️, goed om je hier te hebben, ik hoop dat je een prettige dag/nacht hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✱ Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Dank je wel voor het delen van de bezorgdheid over de beschikbaarheid van PRS-ORG 10 uur proefperiode English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
via PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
Ik moet je informeren dat de 10 uur durende gratis proefperiode begint op 22 september 20211. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Maar de timing om het spel uit de winkel te downloaden kan variëren afhankelijk van de tijdzone en geografische locatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Zodra de game in de winkel beschikbaar is, kun je deze downloaden en spelen, als PRS-ORG op het account staat. Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Voor consoles hebben we PRS-ORG en PRS-ORG Pro is alleen voor pc. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Gewoon om te bevestigen dat je op PRS-ORG bent? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Perfect, dan kun je de 10 uur durende proefperiode van PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG gebruiken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Voor meer informatie over de verschillen kun je het onderstaande artikel raadplegen dat ik deel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het is omdat PRS-ORG en andere PRS-ORG die samenwerken met PRS-ORG voor gamepromotie meestal vroegtijdige toegang krijgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Raadpleeg URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik je, afgezien hiervan, nog ergens anders mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
❤️ ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Geen zorgen, ik respecteer je emoties tegenover PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen een competitieve server te krijgen in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% goed? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Tegenvallende tegenstanders in wedstrijden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik bedoel te zeggen is moeilijke spelers die moeilijk te verslaan zijn in de wedstrijden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geen zorgen, ik waardeer je gameplay echt en ik wil je graag informeren dat het matchmaking volledig willekeurig is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Maar als je nog steeds harde concurrenten wilt krijgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik verzoek je om alsjeblieft te proberen het spel in een andere moeilijkheidsgraad te spelen en ik zal proberen mijn gameteam op de hoogte te stellen die enkele wijzigingen in de servers zal aanbrengen als er wijzigingen kunnen worden aangebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus je krijgt meer moeilijke tegenstanders in PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2/2 Dit moet zo verontrustend zijn, geen zorgen, ik ben hier om je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
​Ik zal je accountgegevens snel controleren en na verificatie zal ik blij zijn om je ban-accountprobleem op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Deel het geregistreerde e-mailadres met je PRS-ORG-Account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank, werken aan je zaak nu. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dank je wel, ik wil je graag informeren dat om je te helpen met je geblokkeerde account, ik je zaak zal doorsturen naar het betrokken team, zodat ze de reden voor de blokkade op je account kunnen onderzoeken. Het onderzoek kan tot 10 dagen duren. Je kunt de voortgang van je zaak volgen door deze link te raadplegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation and the conditions for the recognition of the equivalence of the regulatory framework of those third countries and territories.
​URL Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
15 maanden geleden Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% zeker, ik zal proberen je te helpen met het ontkoppelen van de PSN Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​van je PRS-ORG-account en je de best beschikbare informatie geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Deel alstublieft de E Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atria
​mailadres en PSN ID gekoppeld aan het PRS-ORG-account. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Bedankt! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Om verder te gaan, moeten we je account verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
6-cijferige verificatiecode die naar je e-mailadres is verzonden, delen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Oké! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ik verzoek je om contact op te nemen met je vriend en te vragen om de PSN aan hun kant te ontkoppelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Of vraag je vriend om contact met ons op te nemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0h! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Aangezien dit account van je vriend is, kunnen we het niet herstellen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Voor dit doel moet je vriend contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo daar! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
11. Heel erg leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Hope je hebt een geweldige dag! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Laat me controleren of je een actieve ban op het account hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✉️Kun je het e-mailadres delen dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik heb een verificatie e-mail gestuurd, controleer alsjeblieft of je deze hebt ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. De e-mail heeft als onderwerp "Verifieer eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" en je hebt het mogelijk in je inbox of map met ongewenste e-mail ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
1 minuutje terwijl ik kijk. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Hoe is je dag tot nu toe? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik zou je willen meedelen dat bans worden opgelegd wanneer er overtredingen van de regels zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Maar als je denkt dat je ten onrechte bent bestraft. Ik kan namens jou een geschil indienen. het indienen van een geschil namens jou garandeert echter niet dat de ban zal worden teruggedraaid, maar het betrokken team zal een gedetailleerd onderzoek doen en contact met je opnemen via e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dagen kan duren om een reactie van het team te krijgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-la-Ruelle - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zie, over de ban, is er altijd een mogelijkheid om de ban opgeheven te krijgen en daarom maken we bezwaar, de rest hangt af van het onderzoek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-la-Ruelle - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Geen probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? > De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-la-Ruelle - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
☀ Hoe is je dag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor het delen van de details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begreep je bezorgdheid dat je je gekochte PRS-ORG-punten niet hebt ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik weten wanneer je hebt gekocht? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
24 uur wachten zou ik willen verzoeken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Als je het niet krijgt, neem dan alsjeblieft contact met ons op. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
wij zullen je in dit geval verder helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Afgezien daarvan, kan ik je vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zou willen meedelen dat het soms snel wordt toegevoegd, maar soms kan het tot 24 uur duren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

☀, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Ja, ik heb bovenstaande berichten gelezen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Kan je bevestigen dat je problemen ondervindt met de Transfermarkt?
­?
22 Kan ik de exacte fout weten die je ondervindt tijdens het verkopen van die spelers? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor het delen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik verzoek je om verbonden te blijven terwijl ik je account een keer bekijk. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor je geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Mag ik de naam weten van de spelers waarmee je problemen ondervindt bij het verkopen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we verbonden?
Het lijkt erop dat je niet bij je toetsenbord bent, dus ik moet deze chat onmiddellijk beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Voor verdere hulp kun je contact met ons opnemen door naar URL te gaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2022-05-15 Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Bedankt voor het delen van je probleem met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
😉 Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✎ Ik ben hier om je te helpen met de PRS-ORG-uitvoeringsprobleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Laat me doorgaan en alle mogelijke oplossingen voor je controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor je geduld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Dus ik heb de details voor de vorige zaak gecontroleerd en ik was degene die je de stappen heeft gegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Heeft u al alle stappen geprobeerd? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​En contact opgenomen met PRS-ORG? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 laat me dat controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0k, gebruik alsjeblieft deze link om contact op te nemen met PRS-ORG en laat me weten wat de applicatie zegt als je de app start, zelfs als de app al draait. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙏 Bedankt voor je begrip en geduld tijdens de sessie, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem alsjeblieft contact met ons op als je nog vragen hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Tot die tijd blijf veilig daarbuiten! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you NAME-M, ik English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal het van mijn kant controleren en mijn best doen om je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​met het downloaden van games. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Geef me een moment om te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Ik heb je account gecontroleerd en je account lijkt perfect te zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Kun je de game downloaden van PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​Probeer PRS-ORG te verwijderen en opnieuw te installeren en laat het me weten Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Als je nog steeds dezelfde foutmelding krijgt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Heb je de PRS-ORG-app verwijderd? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% perfect! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Maak je geen zorgen, veeg de caches en cookies, klik op de link om te weten URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Geen probleem, mag ik vragen of je dezelfde foutmelding krijgt?
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Nice to meet you, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik zal het onderzoeken en proberen de best mogelijke oplossing te bieden voor je probleem met het niet kunnen betreden van het PRS-ORG-spel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
100% goed! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als ik het goed begrijp, wordt je geconfronteerd met het probleem dat je niet in het PRS-ORG-spel kunt komen, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik vragen of je probleem nu is opgelost? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Perfect! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten, is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M,
Het is een genoegen om u te ontmoeten.
↑ Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union financial contribution referred to in paragraph 2.
Geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen de phisher uit het account te gooien en het te beveiligen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Deel alsjeblieft het e-mailadres dat aan het PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Ik heb een verificatie-e-mail gestuurd. Controleer of u een e-mail hebt ontvangen met als onderwerp "Controleer het eigendom van uw PRS-ORG-account in uw Postvak of SPAM-inbox. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
6-cijferige code nodig om het eigendom hier te verifiëren. " De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 minuut de tijd om de details te controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Mag ik weten welk e-mailadres u op het PRS-ORG-account wilt gebruiken?
2. Mag ik weten welk e-mailadres u op het PRS-ORG-account wilt gebruiken?
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten in de chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Mag ik weten welk e-mailadres u op het PRS-ORG-account wilt gebruiken?
Leuk je te ontmoeten. Ik zal de details over je probleem met het starten van het spel zeker controleren en je alle mogelijke hulp bieden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Kan ik weten of je een foutmelding krijgt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Terwijl ik dit controleer, mag ik weten hoe je dag was afgezien van het probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Alles goed! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb het team gecontroleerd en ontdekt dat dit probleem door veel spelers is gemeld en dat het op dit moment een bekend probleem is en al wordt onderzocht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​We vragen je om te wachten, het zal zo snel mogelijk worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dat klopt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen, het zal snel worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, je kunt Twitter in de gaten houden voor de updates. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Het is me een genoegen om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2 voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Blijf gezond en liefs uit India. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🌍 Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2Sorry, ik ben geen robot.
​​Dus eigenlijk heb je een probleem in je PRS-ORG-wedstrijd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
­Correct? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Geen zorgen, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en mijn best doen om je te helpen met het probleem in PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✉ Wanneer heb je dit probleem ondervonden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Dat is niet goed om te horen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 En bedankt voor de informatie. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
100% goed! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Heb je dit probleem eerder gehad, niet vandaag?
​​​​​​​Na het probleem te hebben gecontroleerd en je op de hoogte te willen stellen dat het een verbindingsprobleem kan zijn, zal ik je enkele stappen voor probleemoplossing geven die je kunnen helpen om het probleem op te lossen en dit probleem in de toekomst te voorkomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen over je crash/freeze-probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Volg de onderstaande link (s) om platform specifieke probleemoplossing uit te voeren: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Neem contact op met voor meer probleemoplossing of andere dingen om te proberen: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-N, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het lijkt erop dat je de verkeerde puntversie in PRS-ORG hebt gekocht, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
3. Bedankt voor de bezorgdheid. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik wil je graag informeren dat punten slechts één keer kunnen worden overgedragen in PRS-ORG, wanneer je het spel voor het eerst start. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als je de verkeerde versie van punten hebt gekocht, moet je contact opnemen met de winkel voor de terugbetaling. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Omdat console codes alleen door de winkel worden terugbetaald. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% natuurlijk, dan kun je contact opnemen met de PS-ondersteuning voor hulp. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Maar afgezien hiervan, mag ik weten of er nog iets anders is waar ik je vandaag kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​Ik zal mijn best doen om te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Maak je geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik zal de sessie nu beëindigen en wens je het allerbeste voor het geluk in het spel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✂️ Tot ziens, NAME-N. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
🙏 Blijf gezond en veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help en het beste! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Goedendag, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Zoals ik het begrijp, maak je je zorgen over het feit dat je PRS-ORG-account is gehackt, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture facilities and the animal health status of the third country's wild aquatic animals.
​​Dat is zeker zorgwekkend dat je account is gecompromitteerd, maak je geen zorgen, ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen bij het beveiligen van het account en de toegang terug te krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat je op het PRS-ORG-Account hebt gebruikt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Laat ons nu je wachtwoord opnieuw instellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik stuur je een e-mail met een link erin. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Klik op de link om een nieuw wachtwoord in te stellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het me ook weten zodra je klaar bent met het opnieuw instellen van je wachtwoord, zodat ik de wijzigingen hier kan doorvoeren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
İt is leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Als ik het goed begrijp, maak je zich zorgen omdat je hetzelfde spelerspakket hebt ontvangen in PRS-ORG, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal mijn best doen om je zorg te behandelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Kan ik om door te gaan, je e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Bedankt voor het e-mailadres. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2 Geef me een moment of twee om je account te openen en geef me een minuut om de details te controleren. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Bedankt dat je verbonden bent. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb mijn bronnen geraadpleegd en vernomen dat dit op een bug lijkt en dat we bij PRS-ORG nooit willen dat spelers problemen ondervinden met hun games. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Voor dit scenario, wees gerust dat ik deze feedback met mijn team zal delen en dat je van jouw kant ook kunt proberen dit te melden op onze forums. Je zal ook een reactie krijgen van de Community Manager. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hier is het artikel: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is ons uitgebreide platform waarop je je probleem kunt posten en onze Community Managers reageren met de oplossing. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je ook te spreken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal mijn best doen om je hier te helpen met een probleem met betrekking tot PRS-ORG-punten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Kun je de bezorgdheid verder toelichten? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
0h! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
​​Ik kan begrijpen dat je PRS-ORG-punten hebt gekocht voor de verkeerde PRS-ORG-versie, klopt dat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Mag ik alsjeblieft weten waar je de punten hebt gekocht? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat het helaas niet mogelijk is om punten over te zetten van PRS-ORG2322 naar PRS-ORG2323. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat we het overdragen van punten niet meer ondersteunen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik verzoek je om contact op te nemen met de winkel en hen te vragen om de terugbetaling of vervanging voor je te regelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik wou dat ik kon helpen en ik wilde echt, maar er is geen manier om dit te doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor je steun en begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Zorg goed voor jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik wens je het beste.
10 Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👋 Fijn je te ontmoeten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
8 ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✨ Zoals ik zie, kun je PRS-ORG spelen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om het probleem aan te pakken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✎ Kan je me vertellen welke fout je ondervindt? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Zoals ik zie, wordt er een anti-cheat-fout weergegeven Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. NAME-M Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om het probleem aan te pakken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Voorlopig hebben we deze twee mogelijke oplossingen die dit probleem kunnen oplossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Sluit de PRS-ORG-app/PRS-ORG, klik met de rechtermuisknop op het snelkoppelingspictogram en voer het uit als beheerder De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Ga naar de PRS-ORG-map &gt; _ Installer &gt; PRS-ORG AntiCheat en verwijder de anticheat met die installer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Start daarna PRS-ORG als beheerder en start het spel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het zal vragen om PRS-ORG opnieuw te installeren, daarna zouden zowel het spel als PRS-ORG moeten starten en zou je het spel moeten kunnen spelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Deactiveer eventuele overlays zoals die van PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG of anderen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ja, alstublieft.
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten in de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
2 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Bedankt voor het uitleggen van het probleem dat je ondervindt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
2/2 Toestaan me een moment, ik zal snel gaan en controleren het probleem voor u.
2. Kan je me je e-mail-ID geven die aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geef me alsjeblieft wat tijd, laat me het voor je controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor het wachten, alsjeblieft even geduld met mij, ik ben nog steeds aan het controleren met het team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik heb zojuist overlegd met het betrokken team over je probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1st, accepteer alsjeblieft mijn excuses voor het veroorzaakte ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik zou je willen meedelen dat vanwege technische problemen die doorgaan op de server het probleem nog niet is opgelost en dat veel spelers met dit probleem worden geconfronteerd. Ze werken er ijverig aan om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik weet hoe frustrerend het voor je is, maar ik zou je willen vragen om nog wat langer te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als er nog iets anders is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik begrijp het echt en ik wou dat ik je van mijn kant kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Maar het spijt me heel erg, we hebben geen optie om dat te doen, aangezien dit te maken heeft met serverinhoud. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Onze excuses voor het ongemak dat je hebt ondervonden! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het studioteam werkt eraan, ik hoop dat het zo snel mogelijk wordt opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik zou het op prijs stellen als je nog een beetje meer geduld zou hebben om te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
12 Dank je wel voor het delen van je bezorgdheid met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2021-1-13 14: 14: 50 zodat ik het begrijp, je hebt hulp nodig bij het niet kunnen openen van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1 Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2 Mag ik weten welke foutmelding verschijnt? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Laat me enkele probleemoplossingen met je delen, als je er nooit toegang toe hebt gehad, dan kan ik alleen maar voorstellen om te proberen een terugbetaling aan te vragen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Geen zorgen, hier is wat je kunt proberen, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Start de pc opnieuw op Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Klik vervolgens in de Steam Launcher met de rechtermuisknop op het spel in de bibliotheek en selecteer Eigenschappen in het menu. De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase
3. Selecteer het tabblad Lokale bestanden en klik op Integriteit van gamebestanden verifiëren... Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Steam zal de bestanden van het spel verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Deze procedure kan enkele minuten duren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat stellen we op prijs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En hey bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen, veel succes met alles wat komen gaat en blijf lachen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Oke, maak je geen zorgen, ik zal je zeker helpen met deze verbroken verbinding met het PRS-ORG-spel. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
1 keer moet ik dit controleren met het team, geef me alsjeblieft een paar minuten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% gastvrijheid is onze missie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt voor het wachten, ik heb dit met mijn team gecontroleerd en ontdekt dat we al weten dat onze spelers enkele problemen ondervinden tijdens het spelen van PRS-ORG FUT, ze worden verbonden en we zijn ons daarvan bewust, ons team werkt eraan en het zal binnenkort worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad je aan om alsjeblieft een tijdje te wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Voor de rest kun je onze sociale media kanalen volgen voor realtime updates. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, er is geen probleem met je account, sommige spelers kunnen het voltooien en sommige niet, zoals ik, ik word ook verbonden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Nee, er is geen dergelijke soft ban, gelieve geen vertrouwen te hebben in onbekende bronnen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Over de tijdsperiode, we hebben geen update ontvangen vanuit de studio, dus je weet het, het is erg moeilijk om een geschatte tijdsperiode te geven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker dat we alles zullen proberen om dit zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak je geen zorgen, het zal zo snel mogelijk worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
00:00:00 Oke dan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, een fijne dag/nacht gewenst! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Blijf veilig en zorg goed voor jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✉ Hallo, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
2. Ik zal de details zeker controleren en mijn best doen om je te helpen het probleem op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan je alsjeblieft het geregistreerde e-mailadres van je PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG-Account met me delen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u, meneer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Ik hoop dat je het niet erg vindt dat ik een paar minuten neem om dit voor je te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor het geduld. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Ik heb ons toegewijde team geraadpleegd over je zaak en heb enkele geavanceerde stappen voor probleemoplossing ontvangen die nodig zijn om het probleem op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Ik stuur u deze stappen per e-mail nadat deze chatsessie is voltooid. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Zorg ervoor dat je ze volledig en zorgvuldig uitvoert, aangezien dit geavanceerde stappen zijn voor probleemoplossing en ze om enige aandacht vragen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Dezelfde oplossing heeft voor veel spelers gewerkt, dus ik ben ervan overtuigd dat het ook voor jou zal werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je ontvangt de e-mail nadat deze chatsessie is voltooid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en je verder helpen bij het herstellen van de oude club in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Wil je de verwijderde club in PRS-ORG herstellen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat is niet mogelijk om de club over te zetten van PRS-ORG naar PRS-ORG omdat er geen manier voor is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👉 Beide zijn een aparte versie van het spel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is niet mogelijk om dit te doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik kan het alleen mogelijk maken wanneer de nieuwe versie wordt gelanceerd en zoals PRS-ORG zou worden gelanceerd, dan denk ik dat het mogelijk zou zijn tussen PRS-ORG en 22. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​We weten het ook niet zeker. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als we het hebben over De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
22 van PRS-ORG naar PRS-ORG, dat is niet mogelijk. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
2 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met het ontkoppelen van je PSN. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases.
2. Kan je alsjeblieft je geregistreerde e-mailadres invoeren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Om uw account op te halen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Ik heb het e-mailadres van je PRS-ORG-account nodig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal het controleren en je helpen met het verbindingsprobleem van het spel PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Krijg je een foutmelding wanneer je wordt uitgelogd uit het spel? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% begrepen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Deel alsjeblieft de fout met mij De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​bericht indien mogelijk. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zoals alles wat je je herinnert. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Geen zorgen!
100% goed! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus wat ik hier voor je zal doen, is dat ik een link zal delen waarin er enkele stappen staan om het verbindingsprobleem op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je moet ze allemaal tegelijk proberen en contact met ons opnemen als het probleem zich blijft voordoen, goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0: Ummm helaas kunnen we geen wijzigingen aanbrengen zodra de wedstrijd voorbij is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● Basis: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geavanceerd: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
­PC - URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt contact met ons opnemen als het probleem zich blijft voordoen, goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​PC- URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Je kunt contact met ons opnemen als het probleem zich blijft voordoen, goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
♡, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
‚Ik begrijp dat je geen toegang hebt tot je PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👋. Laat me je hier helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik zou je willen meedelen dat er op dit moment een gepland onderhoud is voor PRS-ORG, dus je kunt tijdens deze tijd geen toegang krijgen tot FUT totdat het onderhoud is voltooid. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​De app is niet in onderhoud. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
💬 PRS-ORG is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Dus de app herkent je PRS-ORG-account niet totdat het onderhoud is voltooid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​PRS-ORG is in onderhoud, dus de app staat niet toe dat u zich aanmeldt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Maak je geen zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 uur gepland en je kunt daarna inloggen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je kunt op deze link klikken en in de gaten houden voor updates. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
6 uur UTC tot 10 uur UTC. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 uur en 30 minuten zijn nu over. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om je vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
⚠️Bedankt dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je hulp nodig hebt, kun je contact met ons opnemen via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 Dag en een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik begrijp dat je geen toegang hebt tot de Transfermarkt in de PRS-ORG PRS_ORG-app. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal dit onderzoeken en proberen je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Geef me je PSN ID en e-mailadres voor het PRS-ORG-Account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
👍 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Geef me een moment om je account te bekijken. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 Bedankt voor je geduld. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik heb je probleem zojuist in detail met ons gameteam besproken en volgens de laatste informatie die we van het team hebben ontvangen, is er een probleem dat dit veroorzaakt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Ze werken eraan en vroegen me je aan te bevelen om alsjeblieft een tijdje te wachten, zodat je toegang kunt krijgen tot de transfermarkt zonder die fout. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja!
​Er is een probleem en ons team werkt eraan om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Ik waardeer je medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als je hulp nodig hebt met iets anders, kun je op elk moment contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik wens je een geweldig weekend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Dank je wel en blijf veilig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Wil je iemand feedback geven? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0h! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben van India NAME-M, voor carrière moet je contact opnemen met de PRS-ORG-site in carrière. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Hoe dan ook, ik wens je het allerbeste voor de toekomst. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me even nakijken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dit is een officiële site van de luchtvaartmaatschappij, controleer deze link en klik op je land. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Welnu, als eerste contact van mijn dienst, waardeer ik je begrip en geduld voor ons echt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen bij het opnieuw instellen van het wachtwoord. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
✗ Kan je je e-mailadres geven dat is gekoppeld aan het PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
👍 Bedankt voor het e-mailadres. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb zojuist een wachtwoord resetlink naar je e-mail gestuurd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik verzoek je om je wachtwoord opnieuw in te stellen en me te laten weten of je nu kunt inloggen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 dank je voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem contact met ons op voor vragen over het spel en bezoek URL voor tips en trucs. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Zorg goed voor jezelf en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp je bezorgdheid hier, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen je pre-order inhoud te ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Bedankt voor je geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Houd er rekening mee dat de OTW-speler vanaf 1 oktober wordt toegekend en dat FUT Heroes vanaf 1 december worden toegekend. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Dus ik zou je vragen om nog een beetje langer te wachten. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
100% GRAAG GELEZEN! Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
​​Leuk je te ontmoeten NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤗. Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
○ Kun je het probleem toelichten, zodat ik je beter kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan ik weten waar je de aankoop hebt gedaan? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Deel alsjeblieft de naam van het apparaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
0k, deel alsjeblieft eenmaal de gamertag. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🤔 Oké, ik kan het PRS-ORG niet zien op dit account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Je moet mogelijk contact opnemen met PRS-ORG en hetzelfde delen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal je zeker helpen met PRS-ORG-punten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Help me alsjeblieft met de e-mail-ID die is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ja, alsjeblieft, zodat ik naar het account kan kijken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Laat me een kijkje nemen in het account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt dat je verbonden bent.
Heb je geprobeerd het spel opnieuw te starten? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Oké, laat me controleren of ik kan helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten de tijd om te controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✉. Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik begrijp dat je spel crasht English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​. Ik zal de details voor je onderzoeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Speel je op PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Dank je wel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Volg de stappen op je pc URL en probeer het dan opnieuw. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2020-01-13: Ik wens je een fijne dag. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
♡ Leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? Dutch: De Commissie heeft de afgelopen jaren een aantal initiatieven ontplooid om de samenwerking tussen de lidstaten op het gebied van de justitiële samenwerking te verbeteren.
​Bedankt voor het delen van je probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✗ Zoals ik kan begrijpen, heb je geen toegang tot het geregistreerde e-mailadres en wil je het nieuwe e-mailadres bijwerken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
‎Klopt dat? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrechtzorg
​Bedankt voor deze informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 minuutje alsjeblieft terwijl ik het controleer. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 Ok, goed nieuws. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Dat is voor je gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb het e-mailadres op je PRS-ORG-account met succes bijgewerkt en een wachtwoord resetlink naar je nieuwe e-mail gestuurd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Stel het wachtwoord opnieuw in en probeer in te loggen op je account met het nieuwe wachtwoord en e-mailadres. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weet ik het. Een fijne dag nog.
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geen zorgen, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en je verder helpen met de aankoop van het PRS-ORG-abonnement dat je op het verkeerde account hebt gekocht, laat me het controleren en de bezorgdheid bekijken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1. Mag ik je PRS-ORG ID gebruikersnaam en e-mailadres weten dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
💬 Ok, ik heb een verificatie-e-mail gestuurd, controleer alsjeblieft of je deze hebt ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​De e-mail heeft als onderwerp "Verifieer eigendom van je PRS-ORG-account" en je hebt het mogelijk in je inbox of map met ongewenste e-mail ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
6 cijfers delen alsjeblieft Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% veilig bij ons. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
👍 Bedankt voor de code. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​We hebben de terugbetaling voor je gestart en je krijgt het binnen 7 tot 10 werkdagen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Kan ik nog iets anders voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Nice to meet you, NAME-M.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de uitleg. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal het controleren en je helpen met de zaak met betrekking tot het niet kunnen starten van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Kan ik het geregistreerde e-mailadres weten, zodat ik het account kan vinden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Bedankt voor je uitleg. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1. Ik zal het controleren en je helpen met het probleem waarbij je PRS-ORG niet kunt starten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
¶ik het geregistreerde e-mailadres weten, zodat ik het account kan vinden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Kan ik het geregistreerde e-mailadres weten, zodat ik het account kan vinden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Dank je wel! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Mag ik weten waar je het PRS-ORG-lidmaatschap hebt gekocht? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het is mogelijk dat je de PRS-ORG hebt gekocht bij Instant Gaming en dat PRS-ORG het niet herkent, omdat PRS-ORG het PRS-ORG-lidmaatschap herkent dat is gekocht in de PRS-ORG-winkel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik zie echter dat je de standaardeditie van het spel bij PRS-ORG hebt gekocht en dat je daar in september toegang toe zult hebben De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
30/22 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
​Ik kan zien dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen over het kopen van fondsen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik begrijp dat je een probleem ondervindt bij het kopen van de inhoud English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Laat me kijken wat het beste kan worden gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Welnu, we ondersteunen aankopen van derden niet en daarom moet je contact opnemen met de winkel met betrekking tot hetzelfde. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 hetzelfde. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank je wel voor je begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik denk niet dat het zal stoppen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat het ons weten als je in de toekomst problemen ondervindt, we zullen je hierbij helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank je wel voor het opnemen van contact met ons. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Blijf veilig en gezond! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Vertel me alsjeblieft hoe ik je kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2021-09-14 14: 44: 00 Thank you for the information, zoals ik kan zien, is je betaling voor het PRS-ORG-uitbreidingspakket gedaan, maar de betalingsstatus toont aan dat deze in behandeling is, laat me je er zeker mee helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​​Zoals ik kan zien, is dit een opkomend probleem en wordt het op dit moment door velen ondervonden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Onze team is momenteel aan het werk en hopelijk zal het binnenkort worden opgelost. Ik verzoek je alsjeblieft even te wachten en het zal binnenkort worden bijgewerkt en je krijgt een bevestigings-e-mail voor je aankoop. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Je geduld wordt echt gewaardeerd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt voor je medewerking, ik ben blij dat ik je heb kunnen helpen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dit kan te wijten zijn aan het grote serververkeer tijdens de verkoop. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/1/2021 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​We helpen je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-03-02 Een fijne dag verder, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten op de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp echt wat je bedoelt, laat me het probleem controleren dat je hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kan je me je e-mailadres geven dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geef me alsjeblieft wat tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag, ik zie dat je zaak nog steeds wordt onderzocht. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Geen zorgen, ik zal escaleren naar het betrokken team in jouw naam om ervoor te zorgen dat je zaak zo snel mogelijk wordt opgelost. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
100% zekerheid. Wees gerust, ze zullen alle nodige onderzoeken doen en ze zullen contact met je opnemen via e-mail. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% Gratis!Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Neem gerust opnieuw contact met ons op als je nog hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
4. Kan ik het probleem weten om je beter te helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Ik ben goed dank je wel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik ben blij dat je het hebt gevraagd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik ben net begonnen aan mijn dag en je bent mijn eerste klant. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Laten we eens kijken hoe het gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☑️ Ja. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✗ Dus je bent hier om PRS-ORG-Account van je PRS-ORG-Account te verwijderen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❓ Klopt dat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% Ik kan je zeker helpen om het verband tussen PRS-ORG-Account en PRS-ORG-Account te verbreken als het nog niet is gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✗ Kan ik het e-mailadres krijgen dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG-Account waaraan het PRS-ORG-Account momenteel is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
EMAIL is het e-mailadres dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% correct? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als je het PS-Account ontkoppelt, wordt de voortgang van het spel van het PRS-ORG-Account verwijderd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Volg de stappen op onderstaande link, log in met EMAIL PRS-ORG-Account en je kunt het Playstation-Account ook van jouw kant ontkoppelen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Zorg ervoor dat je alle risico's leest voordat je het account ontkoppelt: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geen zorgen, ik zal je hier helpen met het probleem met de toegang tot PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik weten wat de exacte foutmelding is die je krijgt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-202-
1. Het beste wat je vanaf het begin kunt doen, is het netwerk en de console uit- en inschakelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dat lost het merendeel van de download- en gameproblemen op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoe je Playstation console resetten De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Tik gedurende ten minste 7 seconden (totdat het systeem twee keer piept) op de aan-/uitknop aan de voorkant van de PS4/5. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
5 minuten later opnieuw inschakelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Start de game. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik zie dat je 400k PRS-ORG hebt gekocht met een onjuiste beschrijving. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Laat het me weten als ik het goed heb. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Maak je geen zorgen alsjeblieft! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik zal je helpen met de informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Er is een bekend probleem en veel spelers ondervinden hetzelfde probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ons team stelt u voor om te wachten op de oplossing van het gameteam, aangezien ze dit al onderzoeken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Houd onze community in de gaten voor meer informatie van het gameteam: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat is graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als er een ander probleem is, help ik je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ok bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank je wel dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG en een fijne avond gewenst! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
Take care en tot ziens! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zie dat je wilt inloggen op de PRS-ORG-app, maar dat je geen verificatiecode hebt ontvangen via e-mail om je identiteit te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal je hierbij helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Deel alsjeblieft je e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Deel alsjeblieft de verificatiecode die naar het is gestuurd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
370213, we zijn verbonden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
370213 Gebruik code PHONENUMBER om in te loggen op de PRS-ORG-app. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik ben blij dat je de snelle en gemakkelijke oplossing hebt gewaardeerd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
En veel succes met de FUT-wedstrijden en beloningen! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Neem gerust contact met ons op voor toekomstige vragen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Leuk je daar te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal zeker het account bekijken om te controleren of de PSN ID is ontkoppeld of niet. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3 Bedankt voor het delen van het e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 minuutje terwijl ik het account opzoek. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ja, het lijkt erop dat de PSN ID is ontkoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Laat me weten hoe ik je verder kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Je kunt dit artikel volgen om PSN te koppelen aan het nieuwe PRS-ORG-account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Open een van onze games op je Playstation. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Sommige games vragen je om aan het begin in te loggen, terwijl andere je vragen om in te loggen op PRS-ORG-servers wanneer je online modi probeert te openen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
6. Voer het e-mailadres en wachtwoord voor je primaire PRS-ORG-Account in wanneer je wordt gevraagd om in te loggen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Zodra je hebt ingelogd, worden je accounts gekoppeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Kan ik je probleem weten om je beter te helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het lijkt erop dat je een probleem hebt met de speler die je niet kunt indienen vanwege het serverprobleem, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik kan je zeker helpen met de beschikbare informatie nadat ik mijn bronnen heb gecontroleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Kan je het e-mailadres delen van je PRS-ORG-account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Deel alsjeblieft het e-mailadres van beide accounts. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 oké! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik zou je willen vertellen dat ik als PRS-ORG-gebruiker je kan begrijpen en je situatie volledig begrijp, dus nu doe ik wat feedback aan het team over deze situatie door enkele informatie van je account op te vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation and the conditions for the recognition of the equivalence of the regulatory framework of those third countries and territories.
​​Vertel me alsjeblieft de datum waarop dit is gebeurd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% goed! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-la-Ruelle - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb de feedback aan het team ingediend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Het team zal je probleem onderzoeken en de nodige actie ondernemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergave ik een geweldige dag. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10. Wees voorzichtig en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🎉Fijne gaming!🎉 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Tot ziens! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👋 Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
100% goed! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met informatie over de beschikbaarheid van PRS-ORG Ultimate Edition. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
2 minuten toegestaan terwijl ik mijn bronnen controleer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Dank je wel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Geef me alsjeblieft nog een momentje. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Ik waardeer je tijd en geduld echt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt voor je tijd en geduld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2022022 Ik heb mijn bronnen gecontroleerd en ik wil je laten weten dat je de PRS-ORG Ultimate Edition kunt bestellen via de volgende link, maar het spel wordt pas op 30 september 2022022 uitgebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De release datum van PRS-ORG is op De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
30 september 202229:300: 00 uur GMT05: 300. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus zodra je de link hebt doorgenomen en het platform als PRS-ORG selecteert, vind je de optie om de pre-order PRS-ORG Ultimate Edition met dual entitlement te krijgen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% begrepen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat me je dus meedelen dat de pre-order voor PRS-ORG voor elke editie afhankelijk is van de beschikbaarheid bij de betrokken platforms. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Voor meer informatie raad ik je aan om contact op te nemen met Playstation/Sony Support. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De volledige versie van het spel wordt echter waarschijnlijk binnenkort gelanceerd op 30 september en je kunt het daarna ook kopen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat je de situatie nu kunt begrijpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Wel, ik heb mijn bronnen gecontroleerd en ik wil je laten weten dat het probleem afkomstig is van Playstation/Sony. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En ja, het is momenteel beschikbaar voor pre-order. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus ik raad je aan om alsjeblieft te wachten en het opnieuw te proberen of contact op te nemen met Playstation/Sony Support om de fout op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
☎ Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Bedankt voor het delen van je bezorgdheid. Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen met de bezorgdheid over de verloren servers. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Bedankt dat je ons op de hoogte hebt gebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik meld dit probleem zodat er binnenkort een update kan worden uitgebracht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De bug die je zojuist hebt gemeld, oplossen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt dat je dit onder onze aandacht hebt gebracht. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Zoals ik kan zien, heb je contact met ons opgenomen over ontbrekende XP. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
‎Klopt dat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Geen zorgen, ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen met de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik heb de details gecontroleerd en ik zal heel eerlijk met je zijn. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Het probleem waarmee u wordt geconfronteerd, is iets waar we al van op de hoogte zijn. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​We ontvangen vergelijkbare meldingen van spelers over de hele wereld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Eigenlijk zijn er enkele technische problemen op de server en veel andere spelers ondervinden hetzelfde probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad je aan om even te wachten, aangezien dit probleem wordt onderzocht en ik hoop dat het zo snel mogelijk zal worden opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. De beslissing zal zeker in het belang van de speler zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik kan me voorstellen hoe je je nu voelt. De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase
Als er de allerkleinste mogelijkheid was geweest, had ik dit voor je gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Accepteer alsjeblieft mijn oprechte excuses hiervoor. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Het is leuk om je hier te zien, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​Geen zorgen, ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen, aangezien je een bevriezingsprobleem ondervindt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Heeft u stappen voor probleemoplossing uitgevoerd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
💬 Oke, ik heb alle informatie in je PRS-ORG-account gecontroleerd en enkele stappen voor probleemoplossing samengesteld om je te helpen met het probleem, zodat je in de toekomst niet meer vastloopt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​​Ik heb ook enkele platform-specifieke stappen voor probleemoplossing toegevoegd die je kunt volgen om dit probleem permanent op te lossen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik heb alle gegevens in een e-mail samengevoegd, omdat het niet mogelijk is om het in de chat te verzenden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10-15 minuten nadat deze chat is afgelopen, ontvang je de e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 U bent wonderbaarlijk kalm en meewerkend geweest, ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Klopt iets anders van mij op dit moment! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het mij gerust weten, ik zal het graag voor je ophelderen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Neem alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op als je nog hulp nodig hebt. Met vriendelijke groet en pas goed op jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙁 Helaas kun je geen nieuwe beveiligingsvragen instellen voor PRS-ORG 18 games als je geen toegang hebt tot de vertrouwde console van PRS-ORG 18. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
2. We kunnen de beveiligingsvragen verwijderen, maar het zal niet werken op een andere console. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 De beveiligingsvragen kunnen alleen vanaf de vertrouwde console worden gewijzigd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als de oude console niet langer werkt, is het niet mogelijk om de beveiligingsvragen opnieuw in te stellen, meneer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
18, ik waardeer je passie voor PRS-ORG 18, maar helaas kun je de beveiligingsvragen niet wijzigen tenzij je toegang hebt tot de oude console, meneer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is een eer om een super aardige en gepassioneerde speler zoals jij te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik hoop dat je mijn beperkingen kunt begrijpen, meneer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Als consultant kan ik je alleen helpen met mogelijke manieren om het probleem op te lossen, maar aangezien er geen toegang is tot de oude console, is het niet mogelijk, meneer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Accepteer mijn oprechte excuses. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dat waardeer ik en bedankt voor je vriendelijkheid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het is leuk om je hier te zien, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Heel erg bedankt voor je interesse in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik zou je willen laten weten dat er geen is English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ndat cross-play momenteel niet beschikbaar is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zou je willen meedelen dat veel spelers op zoek zijn naar dezelfde informatie, zelfs ik en mijn broer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Er is momenteel geen dergelijke informatie beschikbaar. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik raad je aan om ons sociale media-platform in de gaten te houden om op de hoogte te blijven van de laatste ontwikkelingen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
2. Nieuws. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Ik ben blij dat ik je heb kunnen helpen met je probleem. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dit zou niet mogelijk zijn geweest zonder je medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is er nog iets waarmee ik je kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Neem alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op als je nog hulp nodig hebt, ik wens je een fijne dag en pas goed op jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Ik begrijp dat je een probleem ondervindt bij het annuleren van een pre-order. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂. Laat me kijken wat het beste kan worden gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✘ Waar heb je de game gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 ik waardeer je interesse en toewijding voor het spel en het is een eer om met je te praten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor je tijd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik wil je vertellen dat je contact moet opnemen met de PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
ondersteuning voor dit probleem om het op te lossen, omdat we je alleen kunnen helpen met de ondersteuning voor pc en PRS-ORG-games die zijn gekocht bij PRS-ORG en voor console-games moet je contact opnemen met de winkelier om dit probleem met de aankoop van het spel voor je op te lossen, omdat we geen toegang hebben tot hun database, dus we kunnen de aankoop niet vinden en het niet voor je valideren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Nice to meet you, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Het lijkt erop dat je problemen ondervindt met PRS-ORG-Account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️Kun je me er meer over vertellen?
0h! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Dat klinkt niet goed. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Laat me kijken hoe ik je kan helpen met het betwisten van de ban op het account / spel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-account? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
2. Ik heb een verificatie e-mail gestuurd, controleer of je een e-mail hebt ontvangen met de onderwerpregel "Verifieer het eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" in je postvak in of map met ongewenste e-mail. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​Deel die code alsjeblieft met mij. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​We kunnen het account alleen verifiëren met het e-mailadres dat aan het account is gekoppeld Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​En niet met de andere e-mails De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je moet de code delen van de e-mail die aan dat account is gekoppeld, en alleen dan kunnen we het controleren en verder gaan met de zaak Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb een verificatie-e-mail gestuurd. Controleer of je een e-mail hebt ontvangen met de onderwerpregel "Verifieer het eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" in je postvak in of map met ongewenste e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Deel die code met mij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ღ Are you there? ღ De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten in de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✍️ Zoals je al zei, kun je niet inloggen op je PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
100% correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
👍 Ja, het gaat goed, bedankt voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Laat me proberen je daarmee te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Laat me proberen je accountgegevens op te halen, zodat ik je kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
4. Mag ik je geregistreerde e-mail weten? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙏 Dank je wel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb een wachtwoord resetlink naar het e-mailadres dat is geregistreerd met het onderwerp Bedankt voor het gebruik van PRS-ORG Help gestuurd. Gelieve het wachtwoord te resetten en te proberen in te loggen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik wil je niet opjagen, maar ik hoop dat we nog steeds verbonden zijn. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.

Leuk je te ontmoeten, NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de uitleg van het probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal het controleren en je helpen met de zaak met betrekking tot de status van het PRS-ORG-uitbreidingspakket. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2. Kan ik het geregistreerde e-mailadres weten, zodat ik het account kan vinden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
🙂 Dank je wel! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik heb een verificatie e-mail gestuurd, controleer alsjeblieft of je deze hebt ontvangen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​De e-mail heeft als onderwerp "Verifieer eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" en je hebt het mogelijk in je inbox of map met ongewenste e-mail ontvangen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​En geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✉️ Ik ben hier om je te helpen met het verslag van de veilige bootfout. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Laat me doorgaan en alle mogelijke oplossingen voor je controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔Wat je ook verkiest.🤔 Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
👌Oké. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
1000x dank voor je geduld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Dus ik ben blij om je te vertellen dat je je absoluut geen zorgen hoeft te maken, dus ik heb dit zojuist op de achtergrond bevestigd en het lijkt erop dat een paar andere spelers dit probleem ook hebben gemeld, het studio-team is al op de hoogte van het probleem en werkt aan een oplossing, wees gerust, dit zal snel worden opgelost. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​​Voorlopig is er geen tijdsbestek gegeven door het gameteam, maar volgens mijn ervaring zou het sneller moeten oplossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus de speler kan genieten van het spel voordat de lancering plaatsvindt, wat al bij veel spelers is gebeurd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En het gameteam kan de prioriteit van het probleem begrijpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten, dus zoals ik het begrijp kun je de PRS-ORG na de update niet starten, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Eigenlijk zijn er enkele technische problemen op de server en veel andere spelers ondervinden hetzelfde probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
​​Op dit moment zal ik je tijd niet verspillen met het geven van stappen om het probleem op te lossen, omdat ik geen stappen kan geven die het probleem op kunnen lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
however, we werken er hard aan om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Dus ik verzoek je vriendelijk om even te wachten en dit zal zeker worden opgelost, we hebben alleen je medewerking hier nodig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik raad je aan even te wachten, aangezien dit probleem wordt onderzocht en ik hoop dat het zo snel mogelijk zal worden opgelost. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​De beslissing zal zeker in het belang van de speler zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✗ Ja, alle PS spelers die met dit probleem worden geconfronteerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik waardeer je tijd en passie voor ons spel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik wou dat ik dit van onze kant had kunnen doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
however, zoals met alles hebben we enkele beperkingen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Mijn excuses voor onze beperking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen, ik ben er graag mee behulpzaam. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo daar! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, het is geweldig om je virtueel te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Welnu, als je je PSN ID hebt ontkoppeld, kun je deze opnieuw koppelen en krijg je de voortgang terug. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✗ Ja, maar je verliest je voortgang op je vorige account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
❔ Ja, dus je kunt je vorige account opnieuw koppelen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ja, dat is de beste beslissing. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
13 Is er nog iets anders? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
👍 Bedankt dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen en geniet van de rest van je dag. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Blijf gezond, blijf lachen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zal zeker controleren waarom je voortgang voor PRS-ORG niet op de pc staat en zal de informatie met je delen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Zoals ik de bronnen heb gecontroleerd, bewaren elk ander platform informatie en gegevens alleen op hun eigen servers, zoals PRS-ORG op pc, PRS-ORG op PRS-ORG en PRS-ORG op PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geen van deze platforms heeft gratis toegang tot de informatie van elkaar en kunnen dus geen game gegevens overdragen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Dus dat is technisch gezien niet mogelijk om door te gaan met de voortgang voor een platform om doorgegeven te worden naar een ander. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat je het begrijpt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Je voortgang van PSN kan dus niet worden verplaatst naar pc. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❌ PC heeft geen PC-voortgang en PRS-ORG heeft zijn eigen opslag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus geen voortgang kan worden verplaatst van de ene naar de andere. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat is graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een geweldige ervaring om met je te praten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Voor verdere vragen kun je contact met ons opnemen via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Hopelijk gaat het goed met u, hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het lijkt erop dat je een probleem hebt met het inloggen in PRS-ORG, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% zeker, ik kan je helpen met de beschikbare informatie nadat ik mijn bronnen heb gecontroleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal het voor je uitzoeken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Geweldig! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Is er nog iets anders waar ik je mee kan helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
✘ Dus eigenlijk wil je de geboortedatum op het account bijwerken, toch? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik weten welke fout je ondervindt wanneer je het probeert te koppelen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ja. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Veel spelers ondervinden problemen met de web- en PRS_ORG-apps. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​we werken er momenteel aan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik raad je aan om enige tijd te wachten en het opnieuw te proberen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als het nog steeds niet wordt opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Neem gerust op elk moment contact met ons op De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✘ Als ik het goed begrijp, heb je hulp nodig om een nieuwe code voor PRS-ORG 2 te krijgen, omdat de oude code niet werkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
‎Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Berichtbalkbedankt voor de bevestiging. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Laat me je verzekeren dat ik hier ben om te helpen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​De PRS-ORG 2 is niet langer digitaal beschikbaar via PRS-ORG voor aankoop. Als je The Ultimate Collection in PRS-ORG nog niet in je bezit hebt, is de enige manier om te spelen via de schijfversie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​Je kunt dit artikel ook bekijken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​URL Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 ik begrijp het, maar zoals vermeld kunnen we geen code delen, omdat het spel niet digitaal beschikbaar is, aangezien dit een ouder spel is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​We kunnen ook niet helpen met een nieuwe code. Om de code te krijgen, moet je contact opnemen met de winkel waar je de aankoop hebt gedaan of je kunt het artikel gebruiken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Is er nog iets anders waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
100% zeker, ik zal proberen je te helpen met de voortgang van PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animal health.
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat de voortgang hetzelfde zal zijn voor PRS-ORG en PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik controleer het met mijn team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik wil je graag informeren dat de PRS-ORG Game Pass niet toegankelijk is via PRS-ORG, maar als je de game koopt, kun je deze spelen op PRS-ORG en zal de voortgang worden doorgegeven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❔ Ja, dat kan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor je begrip en geduld tijdens de sessie, ik waardeer het oprecht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik ben blij dat ik je probleem vandaag heb kunnen oplossen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om je vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem gerust contact met ons op als je iets nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Tot die tijd, ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/1/2021 Bedankt dat u contact met ons hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Nice to meet you, NAME-M.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✉️ Zoals ik kan zien, heb je contact met ons opgenomen omdat je niet genoeg XP hebt verzameld om level 30 te bereiken. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
‎Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the commodities referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Bedankt voor het bevestigen van het probleem. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
5. Ik zal je zeker informatie geven over deze zaak. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
NAME-M, ik zou je willen vertellen dat alle inhoud in de PRS-ORG wordt beheerd door de servers en systematisch is. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Er zijn geen opties om de XP handmatig aan een account aan te bieden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik raad je echter aan om het PRS-ORG Play-lidmaatschap op je console te kopen en het geeft je 3500 XP als een PRS-ORG Play-beloning. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Waar heb je dat gehoord? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik wens ook XP voor mijn eigen account te krijgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 Dank u voor de verstrekte informatie, ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Laat me uw PRS-ORG-account verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Geef me een moment. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Het spijt me, maar onze gegevens tonen aan dat de betaling niet is gelukt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Kunt u een schermafbeelding als betalingsbewijs verstrekken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 ok. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geef me een momentje alsjeblieft. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
ik heb het e-book aan uw PRS-ORG-account toegevoegd, synchroniseer het alstublieft met uw apparaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
1000 welkom. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Heb een geweldige dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Tot ziens. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
10. Geef me een moment om uw account te verifiëren Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Bedankt voor het wachten, dus ik was net aan het kijken naar uw account en het lijkt erop dat uw login-optie is bij URL, dus u moet het wachtwoord op die login-optiepagina opnieuw instellen, omdat we aan onze kant alleen het wachtwoord voor PRS-ORG-accounts kunnen resetten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Natuurlijk, is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​​​​​​Het spijt me, ik heb dat niet begrepen, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hallo? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Minuten geleden heb ik uw bericht ontvangen. Ik spijt dat, vanwege kwaliteitsdoeleinden zal ik deze chat moeten sluiten als ik binnen 2 minuten geen reactie ontvang. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Ik zal deze chat nu sluiten, aangezien er geen reactie is ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik help u graag verder via e-mail, of u kunt op een voor u beter moment weer contact met ons opnemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Wilt u doorgaan met NAME-M? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geef me een moment alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het lijkt erop dat NAME-M momenteel niet beschikbaar is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
maar ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Probeert u uw PRS-ORG-abonnement te annuleren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
​​Sorry voor mijn verkeerde interpretatie van uw bezorgdheid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geef me een moment alstublieft om uw account te bekijken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. In dit geval moeten we de creditcardgegevens opnieuw invoeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​ik zal de creditcardgegevens van uw account wissen en u moet deze opnieuw invoeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✗ Dit zal het probleem oplossen.
2 Neem uw tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
8 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 moment alstublieft, terwijl ik uw account bekijk. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor het wachten, ik heb zojuist de informatie in het account gecontroleerd. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
​​Het spijt me te weten dat u dit probleem ondervindt met dit e-book. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Soms hebben sommige e-books een ander formaat dan EPUB en sommige zijn als afbeelding, wat betekent dat de lettergrootte niet kan worden gewijzigd, de enige beschikbare functie is de zoom. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Ik kan de terugbetaling van deze aankoop verwerken, wilt u de terugbetaling terug naar dezelfde betaalmethode of als winkeltegoed op uw PRS-ORG-account? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is me een genoegen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 U wordt per e-mail op de hoogte gesteld zodra de terugbetaling is verwerkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned, the disease status of the aquatic animals concerned and the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied in the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned.
2 Ik help u graag verder.
🤔 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? 🙏
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Wat ik kan zien is dat de € 25 in uw account staan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​maar ik weet niet waar u het over hebt met betrekking tot een kaart English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
01559100000 U bedoelt het nummer van de cadeaubon? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​De cadeaubon is op uw account toegepast. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
25,00 euro. U kunt het nu gebruiken om boeken te kopen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11. Wij geven geen nummers voor cadeaubonnen die via internet zijn gekocht. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 die worden automatisch ingewisseld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% ik begrijp het. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Mijn excuses voor het ongemak, maar ik ga u helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
✉ Kunt u het model van uw e-reader met mij bevestigen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Heel erg bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Mag ik weten hoe u de reset naar fabrieksinstellingen op uw e-reader hebt uitgevoerd, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Bedankt dat u me dit laat weten. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Wanneer begon dit probleem op uw e-reader? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hartelijk dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Heeft u de kans om het aan te sluiten op het stopcontact met een andere kabel, alstublieft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Heel erg bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​In dit geval zou het geweldig zijn als u de kans zou hebben om te proberen met een andere kabel, alleen om te bevestigen dat de oplaadbeurt effectief is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
U kunt een gewone kabel gebruiken voor elk PRS-ORG-apparaat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Geen probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laten we proberen de reset naar fabrieksinstellingen handmatig op uw apparaat uit te voeren door deze stappen te volgen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is me een groot genoegen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Wilt u dat ik bij u blijf terwijl u het probeert? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, het spijt me te horen over dit probleem, maar maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik zal u helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔Kunt u mij het bedrag en de datum van de afschrijving geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik begrijp het, ik heb het geverifieerd en het lijkt erop dat de PRS-ORG opnieuw is geactiveerd, maar als u wilt, kan ik het annuleren Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​U lijkt een boek te hebben toegevoegd genaamd Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik begrijp het, maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik zal het abonnement nu annuleren Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ja De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb het abonnement met succes geannuleerd, u wordt niet meer in rekening gebracht De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
U ontvangt de bevestiging per e-mail binnen de dag De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik neem aan dat u niet meer online bent De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ia u een fijne avond gewenst De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor het wachten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​ik heb de informatie bevestigd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Dit boek is niet beschikbaar met PRS-ORG: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ja, het is niet inbegrepen in een abonnement English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✘ Alle boeken beschikbaar met het PRS-ORG-abonnement zien er zo uit: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10. Vanwege een hoger aantal verzoeken kan onze reactietijd enigszins vertraagd zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 op welke afdeling leest u uw boeken? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. U moet het account op uw apparaat of PRS-ORG-app vernieuwen om het te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Log gewoon uit/in uw account Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik heb het zojuist aan uw account toegevoegd Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. of u kunt gewoon op de 'Sync'-knop op uw apparaat tikken Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10/1/2021 10: 10: 00 AM Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG, it was my pleasure to assist you today. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
1 ik hoop dat u het goed maakt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Mijn excuses voor het ongemak dat dit kan veroorzaken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
1 Wees gerust, ik zal u helpen met deze kwestie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Moge ik uw account even openen en verifiëren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​​Om dat te doen, kunt u alstublieft het e-mailadres van uw PRS-ORG-account en het laatste boek dat u hebt gekocht opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1000 dank en excuses voor het ongemak. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1000 dank voor uw e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Volgens het controleren hier, is deze e-mail onlangs gemaakt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Mag ik vragen welke stappen voor probleemoplossing u voor dit probleem hebt uitgevoerd? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hartelijk dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Kunt u proberen een reset naar fabrieksinstellingen handmatig uit te voeren met uw apparaat? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Uw hulp zal nu via e-mail verlopen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 opties, NAME-F kent uw probleem en ze kan het controleren met meer tijd en de oplossing vinden, of u kunt hier in de chat blijven en we beginnen vanaf het begin. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Het is uw beslissing.
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
14:15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔ Kunt u het omschrijvingsnummer van de transactie van uw PRS-ORG-app opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u wel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Moment alstublieft Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
10 Dank u voor uw vriendelijkheid. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik heb de transactie kunnen verifiëren en het boek aan uw bibliotheek kunnen toevoegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Synchroniseer uw apparaat of applicatie en bevestig me of u het kunt zien English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​iDEAL bevestigt soms de transactie niet en blijft hangen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Met deze informatie kunnen we de aankoop bevestigen en het boek toevoegen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Als het opnieuw gebeurt, kunt u ons deze informatie geven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000x dank u. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Kunt u het account dat u voor deze aankoop hebt gebruikt, met mij bevestigen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000 dank. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
10 Ik zie geen gegevens voor deze transactie in dit account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Denkt u dat u een andere kunt gebruiken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1000 dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik heb het juiste account kunnen vinden, ik waardeer uw hulp. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. En ik heb ook de kans gehad om de informatie te verifiëren die u met mij hebt gedeeld. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ik heb het boek in uw bibliotheek vrijgegeven. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
3. Kunt u synchroniseren op uw apparaat en bevestigen dat u het ontvangt, alstublieft? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is me een genoegen en ik hoop dat u geniet van uw boek! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 En bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u ook een uitstekende dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuizen Sainte-Marie-de-Ré | HomeAway
1 ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Ik ga uw informatie verifiëren. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
1 kunt u even wachten, alstublieft? | De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor het wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Mijn excuses voor de vertraging. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik heb uw informatie kunnen verifiëren en ik zie dat een terugbetaling sinds afgelopen donderdag correct is verwerkt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. De bevestiging is via e-mail verzonden, het spijt me echt dat u deze niet hebt ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Maar ik ga deze bevestiging via e-mail opnieuw naar u sturen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
22 juli, de terugbetaling is verwerkt voor 21,98 € EURUR De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Mijn excuses voor dit ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union financial contribution referred to in paragraph 2.
​Omdat de vraag groot is, is ons reactietijd iets vertraagd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country from which the consignment originates, and the animal health status of the aquatic animals concerned.
10. Wij bieden onze excuses aan voor het ongemak en zullen uw verzoek zo snel mogelijk beantwoorden. We kunnen u bedanken voor uw geduld.
dus.. uw computer herkent de  PRS-ORG 2 niet, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Heeft u geprobeerd om te verbinden met verschillende USB-kabels? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Uw computer is PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik moet u de volgende probleemoplossing proberen Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​​​​​​Daarna zou u een reset naar fabrieksinstellingen op uw apparaat moeten uitvoeren Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
om te proberen het probleem op te lossen Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik moet u waarschuwen dat na deze stap uw informatie (boeken) wordt verwijderd, omdat het apparaat terugkeert naar de oorspronkelijke configuratie Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Eerst de poorten De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als het probleem zich blijft voordoen, reset dan de PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laat ons alstublieft uw feedback weten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
7 zusters, bedankt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
7 Sisters Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10. Geef me een paar momenten om uw informatie te verifiëren. | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Geef me in dit geval het omschrijvingsnummer van uw PRS-ORG-bon voor die aankoop, zodat ik het boek aan uw bibliotheek kan toevoegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 dank u wel! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
1-2 momenten alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1 ik heb het boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Synchroniseer alstublieft elke PRS-ORG e-reader of app die u gebruikt om het boek te krijgen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1000 dank! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% hetzelfde voor u De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
⚠️ En bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Laat me uw account en het boek controleren.
1. Op welk apparaat ondervindt u dit probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. Heeft het invloed op uw andere boeken van PRS-ORG of alleen deze specifieke titel? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Het is mogelijk dat uw PRS-ORG-lezer uw PRS-ORG Plus niet herkent. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Probeer uit te loggen bij de lezer en meld u vervolgens weer aan om een synchronisatie tussen het apparaat en uw account te forceren en probeer vervolgens het boek aan uw PRS-ORG-abonnement toe te voegen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
2. Laat me het boek rechtstreeks in uw PRS-ORG-plan toevoegen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
ik heb het boek toegevoegd, probeer de account reparatie actie in uw PRS-ORG-lezer om de wijzigingen toe te passen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Geen probleem, als u nog andere problemen ondervindt, neem dan opnieuw contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20:00 uur, een fijne avond gewenst. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3 Laat me de informatie van uw account controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ogenblik alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik zie dat uw account geen URL-aanmeldingsoptie heeft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 PRS-ORG-inlogoptie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Als u uw wachtwoord niet meer weet, kan ik een link verstrekken om uw wachtwoord te herstellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
De e-mail van uw PRS-ORG-account is degene die u aan het begin van dit gesprek hebt opgegeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
​Dit is vreemd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat ik zie dat u geen URL-inlogoptie hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❔ Kan je me een boek noemen dat je in je bibliotheek hebt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✱ Kunt u me vertellen welk boek u probeerde te kopen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2019 Bedankt voor uw antwoord English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
2. Kunt u controleren op uw bankafschrift of u een omschrijving nummer voor die aankoop heeft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie, een ogenblik terwijl ik het controleer English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎️Bedankt voor het wachten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Kon u uw bibliotheek bijwerken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Kunt u de naam geven van het boek waarmee u problemen ondervindt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Hallo, bent u er nog? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​En kunt u de e-mail in uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
1000 dank! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
Kunt u het omschrijvingnummer van uw aankoop opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
11 cijfers en staat meestal op de PRS-ORG-bon. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Excellent! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik heb uw boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd, vernieuw of synchroniseer uw apparaten om het daar te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Helaas hebben we geen account gevonden met uw e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Heeft u een ander e-mailadres dat u mij kunt geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ould u de namen geven van de boeken waarmee u problemen ondervindt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 Dank u, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kunt u het omschrijvingnummer van uw aankoop opgeven? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Geef me een minuut om uw account te verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Excellent! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 ik heb uw boeken aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd, vernieuw of synchroniseer uw apparaten om het daar te zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geweldig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Goed nieuws. Is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
U werd eerder gevraagd om ons de omschrijving te geven van de PRS-ORG-bon? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Heeft u het? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het staat niet op de vorige interactie English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Dien het mij voor? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Als ik de volgende minuut geen reactie ontvang, moet ik de interactie beëindigen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Controleer uw bibliotheek om te zien of het boek nu beschikbaar is English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​Mijn naam is NAME-M en ik zal u helpen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Vertel me alsjeblieft het ontvangstnummer van de aankoop waarvoor u twee keer in rekening bent gebracht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Perfect, dat is het exemplaar dat ik nodig heb English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0k, wacht alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​NAME-F, ik zal dit moeten doorgeven om u de terugbetaling te geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 keer ik een oplossing heb, wordt u per e-mail op de hoogte gesteld English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
12:00: Hartelijk bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Dank u, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Geef me een paar momenten om uw informatie te verifiëren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. De transactie van mijn kant geeft aan dat de betaling nog bezig is, daarom zijn de boeken nog niet aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​Geef me alstublieft het omschrijvingsnummer van uw PRS-ORG-bon English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u wel! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3 boeken aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd.
​​Synchroniseer alstublieft elke e-reader of app die u heeft om ze te krijgen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% geen probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo, English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 moment alsjeblieft om uw account te vinden en het te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1. Kunt u het e-mailadres van uw PRS-ORG-account en het laatste boek dat u heeft gekocht opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt dat u ons op de hoogte hebt gebracht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Voor uw vraag, ja u moet een account aanmaken om uw e-reader in te stellen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Dit account brengt u geen kosten in rekening. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
5. Volg de stappen op deze link om uw e-reader in te stellen: URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1000 welkom! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union scale referred to in paragraph 1.
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the level of protection provided by the veterinary legislation of those countries, territories, zones or compartments.
100% klanttevredenheid is ons doel. Ik help u graag verder! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
10-08-2021 Hoe kan ik u hierbij helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u, geef me alstublieft een momentje. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☝️ Klaar! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Kunt u alstublieft een synchronisatie maken naar uw account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10-08-2021We werken eraan, mijn excuses voor het ongemak!
10-08-2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10-08-2021 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt en veel plezier met het lezen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 laat me uw account even controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Op welk apparaat probeert u de boeken te downloaden? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​bedankt, het is mogelijk dat de app niet correct synchroniseert met uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
log uit van de app en meld u vervolgens weer aan om een synchronisatie te forceren en probeer vervolgens de boeken te openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Tik op het pictogram met 3 horizontale balken linksboven in het startscherm van de app. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Tik op Instellingen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. Tik op Account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Tik op Doorgaan om uit te loggen bij het account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10. Log weer in Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 oké! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of an authorisation, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of suitability for use, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of competence, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of qualification, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and content of such applications, the information to be provided to the applicant, the fees to be charged for the processing of such applications, the conditions and procedures for the submission of applications for the issue, renewal, amendment or revocation of a certificate of approval, the format and
​​Ik stel voor dat u zich afmeldt van uw account en weer inlogt om dit boek in uw bibliotheek te openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Deze link geeft de instructies om uit te loggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
­e-reader: URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​PRS-ORG: URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​iOS: URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Hallo? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
ㅁㅁ zijn jullie er nog? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Ja, misschien kan het werken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Mijn excuses als mijn collega u niet op de juiste manier heeft geholpen om het op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. de e-books/audioboeken op uw account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Helaas hebben we vanwege de huidige omstandigheden geen telefonische ondersteuningsdienst beschikbaar.
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Ik help u graag verder. |
​​Ik heb geverifieerd dat u twee keer in rekening is gebracht voor het PRS-ORG-abonnement in december English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik zal uw terugbetalingsverzoek escaleren naar ons gespecialiseerde team. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
2. We nemen weer contact met u op via e-mail wanneer de terugbetaling door ons team is verwerkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
24 tot 48 uur, maar ik kan het niet zeggen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Voor uw referentie stuur ik u een transcriptie van ons gesprek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als u nog vragen of opmerkingen heeft, kunt u die e-mail altijd beantwoorden en kunnen we u verder helpen.
​Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u vandaag met PRS-ORG hebt gechat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021 is een geweldig jaar geweest en ik wens u een voorspoedig 2022. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12. Bedankt voor de informatie, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. Dutch: De Commissie heeft de afgelopen jaren een aantal initiatieven ontplooid om de toegang tot de markt voor de diensten van de informatiemaatschappij te verbeteren.
​Bedankt voor het wachten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me dat u dit probleem ondervindt, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Deel alstublieft het e-mailadres van uw zoon met mij Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 dank u wel Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
​​Ik heb het account gevonden, een ogenblik alstublieft, ik zal de status van de PRS-ORG-kaart controleren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​De status is in behandeling English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​ik zal het tegoed handmatig doorgeven aan uw account Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 moment alstublieft Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Het tegoed wordt overgedragen, bedankt voor uw geduld. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​het tegoed is overgemaakt naar uw account De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. U kunt boeken afzonderlijk kopen of zich abonneren op een maandelijks abonnement Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
100% begrepen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3 en u wilt de terugbetaling van een van deze betalingen, correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% natuurlijk! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik zal uw zaak escaleren naar onze terugbetalingsafdeling om deze te verwerken. Wacht tot uw wordt benaderd voor updates en bevestiging van de terugbetaling rechtstreeks op het e-mailadres dat u voor deze interactie hebt geregistreerd. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​Is dit geschikt voor u? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Excellent! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
3 En bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Om u beter te helpen, mag ik de titel van een boek in uw bibliotheek weten? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Of kan ik uw laatste aankoopdatum weten? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 dus het probleem is dat u geen aankoop kunt doen vanuit de PRS-ORG-app? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​Ik waardeer uw geduld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik werk nog steeds aan uw account, geef me alsjeblieft nog een paar minuten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb uw factuurgegevens gewist. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Vul het opnieuw in op de PRS-ORG-website in uw accountinstellingen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Probeer na het opnieuw invullen een aankoop te doen en laat het me weten als het lukt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 minuut de tijd om het account te verifiëren. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuizen Sainte-Marie-de-Ré | HomeAway
10 Kunt u mij de omschrijving van PRS-ORG geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Controleer uw PRS-ORG-account om te zien of u de bon van deze aankoop hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✕aankoop
Als de interactie valt kunt u mij de informatie per e-mail sturen, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. In het geval dat dit gebeurt, ontvangt u een e-mail English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
📩 Waar u rechtstreeks kunt antwoorden op mij Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. De omschrijving van PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Als u het kunt krijgen, gelieve het via de chat aan mij te geven
👍 Bedankt voor de informatie. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige regelgeving inzake de bescherming van de financiële belangen van de Gemeenschappen voldoende is.
Kon u mij meer informatie geven over uw probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
1 Bericht van de gebruiker: bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔Kunt u de naam geven van het boek waarmee u problemen ondervindt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Mag ik vragen of u alleen een e-mail hebt ontvangen of dat u ook geen aankoop kunt doen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Ik heb uw account gecontroleerd en alles is in orde. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
Uw abonnement is actief en het bedrag is in rekening gebracht op 4/23/2021 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb uw account gecontroleerd en alles is in orde. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Uw abonnement is actief en het bedrag is in rekening gebracht op 4/23/2021 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10. De e-mail moet per ongeluk zijn verzonden, onze excuses voor het ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me, maar de betaling voor deze aankoop moet worden geverifieerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1. Om uw aankoop te valideren, dient u mij te voorzien van: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Uw omschrijving nummer, dit staat in de transactie gegevens op het bankafschrift. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0k u kunt het per e-mail verzenden en Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik kan per e-mail antwoorden De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
E-mailadres De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 ok De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Vertel me alsjeblieft wanneer het is verzonden De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Minuten geleden heb ik uw bericht beantwoord. Ik verontschuldig me, vanwege kwaliteitsdoeleinden zal ik deze chat moeten sluiten als ik binnen 2 minuten geen reactie ontvang. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. De betaling is geverifieerd en het boek is toegevoegd, synchroniseer uw apparaat en u zou het boek moeten kunnen openen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
15-1-2021 Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
15-1-2021 Bedankt voor het bevestigen van de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
15-1-2021 Mag ik vragen welk apparaat u gebruikt om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
2. Mag ik het transactie referentienummer van PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% goed, bedankt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 momentje geduld alsjeblieft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% De e-book is toegevoegd aan uw bibliotheek. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Medical Jobs
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Het spijt me als uw chat is verbroken. < English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Laat me controleren of de vertegenwoordiger beschikbaar is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
2 Wilt u doorgaan met NAME-F of wilt u dat ik u help?
Als u het PRS-ORG-abonnement wilt krijgen, raad ik u aan om naar de PRS-ORG-website te gaan English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
1. Gebruik een computer English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10. Meld u ook aan met de PRS-ORG-aanmeldingsoptie en gebruik het wachtwoord van uw PRS-ORG-account English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Nee, alles is in orde.
​Goedendag NAME-N, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik hoop dat u het goed maakt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Ik open uw account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 moment toestaan alsjeblieft? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
10 Heel erg bedankt voor uw tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik kon het account niet vinden met het e-mailadres dat u heeft opgegeven. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Kunt u mij het bestel- of ontvangstnummer geven? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dat e-mailadres heeft een account, maar geen abonnement De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Heeft u een andere e-mail die we kunnen proberen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik wil graag weten of we nog steeds verbonden zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Vanwege het gebrek aan reactie moet deze chatbox worden gesloten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als u de hulp nog steeds wilt voortzetten, neem dan op elk moment contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
16 januari Bedankt voor het bevestigen van de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Mag ik vragen welk apparaat u gebruikt om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
16 januari Dank u, NAME-F heeft het referentienummer van de transactie? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
100% De e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 Graag gedaan. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. Zorg ervoor dat u blijft bij de aankoop totdat u het PRS-ORG-e-mailadres ontvangt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10. Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen.
16/01/2020 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
10 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
1 minuut terwijl ik het account verifieer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔Kunt u mij de omschrijving van PRS-ORG geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het spijt me, dat is niet het nummer dat ik nodig heb. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Controleer uw PRS-ORG-bon. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Geef me een schermafbeelding indien mogelijk van uw ontvangstbewijs English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
16-02 bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
16-02 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
16-02 Ik zal uw account even bekijken. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
​Bedankt voor het wachten, ik heb de informatie gecontroleerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10. De unieke manier om de aankoopgeschiedenis te verwijderen is het wissen van het account permanent. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Nee, alleen het volledige account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​De aankoopgeschiedenis blijft bestaan, zelfs als het e-boek wordt gewist. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik stuur u enkele openbaarmakingen via e-mail die u zorgvuldig moet lezen en een paar vragen moet beantwoorden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​U zult het binnenkort ontvangen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
16-02 kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
16-02 PRS-ORG Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Meld u af bij uw account op de e-reader en meld u aan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Om uit te loggen, gaat u naar de instellingen en selecteer vervolgens accounts, daar vindt u de optie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the aquatic animals and the guarantees provided by the third country regarding the prevention and control of aquatic animal diseases.
10 Was u in staat om toegang te krijgen tot uw boeken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de update. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​U hoeft alleen de inhoud op het apparaat te vernieuwen, dat kan worden gedaan door uit te loggen en in te loggen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
1Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
14: 45: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Mijn naam is NAME-M en ik zal u helpen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Geef me het boek en de auteur, zodat ik het kan controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Nee NAME-M, ze zijn hier niet. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
7 en 8 van de serie "PRS-ORG" hebben we alleen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 Sorry voor het ongemak English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Nee NAME-M, ik heb gezocht en het is er niet. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
100% Gratis Dating voor 50-plussers. Sorry voor het ongemak De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
30 dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12:00 uur, dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
14 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 minuut toegestaan terwijl ik uw account verifieer English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Kunt u een schermafbeelding van het bewijs van het ontvangstnummer van deze aankoop verstrekken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Als het met PRS-ORG is betaald, geef dan de bon van uw PRS-ORG-account voor deze aankoop English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
U vindt dit nummer na het woord "Omschrijving". English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Met dit nummer kunnen we de boeken handmatig aan uw account toevoegen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
17 mei, 15:00 uur. Dank u wel voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 minuut toegestaan terwijl ik het verifieer English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
1 uur geleden Ik waardeer uw tijd, de boeken staan nu in uw PRS-ORG-account English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular as regards the conditions for the use of the different types of information referred to in Article 222(1).
2 Synchroniseer uw bibliotheek om te verifiëren De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geweldig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed, bedankt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-01 geniet van het lezen!.. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
17 mei Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
17:00 uur Goedenavond ook! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Laat me het account controleren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 seconde English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik heb het zojuist verzonden English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kunt u alstublieft proberen een computer en een internetbrowser te gebruiken die anders is dan PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% zeker! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Laat het me weten als u kunt Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
10 september Hallo, ik hoop dat het goed met u gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
10 september Mijn naam is NAME-F en ik zal vandaag uw persoonlijke assistente zijn. Laat me weten hoe ik kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mijn excuses voor de problemen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik zal graag uw zaak vandaag regelen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Kan u het transactienummer geven dat wordt weergegeven op de bankbevestiging, zodat ik het onmiddellijk kan onderzoeken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Bent u nog steeds online? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Wilt u dat ik u een e-mail stuur en u kunt daar met het transactienummer reageren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
Ja dat is het, heel erg bedankt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Dank u, het lijkt erop dat de transactie nog steeds wordt verwerkt door de betalingsprovider. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
Ik wil echter niet dat u langer wacht op het boek, is nu in uw bibliotheek. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Synchroniseer alsjeblieft om het te zien. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Heel erg bedankt voor uw tijd en geduld vandaag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond en een goed weekend hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kunt u mij meer informatie geven over uw probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Hallo? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Oke, bent u er zeker van dat uw account van PRS-ORG het account is van uw URL-account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Is er een probleem met slechts één boek of met allemaal? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 oké! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
18 augustusBedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
2 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
🤔 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
2. Heeft uw thunderbolt-adapter de USB 2.0-specificatie erop? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
Er zijn USB-specificaties die de meeste apparaten gebruiken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2.0. Onze nieuwere apparaten gebruiken USB 3.0. Op Mac, als u probeert een USB 3.0-adapter op een apparaat te gebruiken dat USB 2.0 gebruikt. het kan een conflict veroorzaken en de Mac zal het apparaat niet herkennen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​in dit geval uw PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geen zorgen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14 dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Hartelijk dank voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or area concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the emergency measures applied by the third country.
2. Laat me uw account verifiëren en ik zal u graag helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned, the disease status of the aquatic animals concerned and the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied in the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned.
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​​​​​​​Aangezien u me de beschrijving # hebt gegeven, heb ik het e-boek aan uw PRS-ORG-account toegevoegd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
2 Synchroniseer uw account alsjeblieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
100% Gratis. Graag gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Laat het me weten als u het kunt zien. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
10 Kunt u nog iets anders gebruiken waar ik u mee kan helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Accepteer alsjeblieft deze 50% korting (promotiecode als klantenservice) English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bye. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
2 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
› Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 U heeft een actief abonnement. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. U kunt deze stappen volgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❌ Dat u een PRS-ORG-abonnement hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Goedendag NAME-N, mijn excuses voor de problemen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik help u vandaag graag met uw ontbrekende aankopen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Om er onmiddellijk naar te kijken, kunt u mij alstublieft de omschrijving geven die op de PRS-ORG-bevestiging wordt weergegeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
10 Heel erg bedankt, ik zie hier dat de transactie nog steeds door PRS-ORG wordt verwerkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
2 weken geleden heb ik het boek besteld. Echter, we willen niet dat u langer moet wachten op het boek, dus ik heb het aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
3 Synchroniseer om het te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Met betrekking tot de tweede afschrijving, zal ik het verzoek escaleren om een terugbetaling te verwerken als het is doorgegaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Elke terugbetaling of update wordt u per e-mail meegedeeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Geweldig, heel erg bedankt en accepteer alstublieft mijn excuses voor de problemen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
PRS-ORG, hier is uw referentienummer voor het geval er verdere vragen zijn:  PHONENUMBER De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
U ontvangt binnenkort een enquête nadat de chat is gesloten, waarin mijn klantenservice zal worden beoordeeld, het zal ons enorm helpen om van u te horen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens u het allerbeste. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Ik begrijp dat je het spel niet kunt bijwerken vanwege de foutcode 'playableatstr'. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% begrijpen hoe frustrerend dat kan zijn. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Geen zorgen! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik zal je zeker helpen om het op te lossen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Installeer de PRS-ORG-app en probeer het spel te downloaden of bij te werken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Wachten op je reactie. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Rotterdam - Medical Jobs
🙂 Ja, we verplaatsen volledig naar PRS-ORG App. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🎉 Geniet van je spel! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb mijn best gedaan om je te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je vandaag nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% gedaan, NAME-F! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik help spelers zoals jij graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
24/7 bereikbaar. Neem gerust contact met ons op als je verdere hulp nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-07-14 Een fijne dag nog, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% geweldig! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik ben blij dat je kunt inloggen op je account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
je was geweldig tijdens de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het was een genoegen om je vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Laat het me weten als ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Heel erg bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2019-08-27 Een fijne dag verder! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
0h! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the following:
2. Ik zal zeker proberen je probleem met betrekking tot de toegang tot het PRS-ORG-spel aan te pakken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Accepteer alsjeblieft eerst mijn excuses voor het ongemak. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Met betrekking tot je probleem zou ik je willen meedelen dat veel spelers zoals jij met hetzelfde probleem worden geconfronteerd en het goede nieuws is dat ons team op de hoogte is van het probleem en dat er een mogelijke oplossing is die veel spelers heeft geholpen bij het oplossen van dit probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the assessment of the safety of the substances referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Het kan ook voor jou werken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Je moet je router en console opnieuw opstarten voordat je toegang krijgt tot je spel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Probeer het en laat me weten of het werkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 dank, ik wacht op resultaten. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Telefoonnummer: PHONENUMBER English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
8: 00 uur 's ochtends tot 11: 00 uur 's avonds UTC, maandag - zaterdag, praat met onze adviseurs op de telefoon of 24 uur per dag, zeven dagen per week op de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ga als u meer hulp nodig heeft naar Antwoorden HQ, PRS-ORG of blader door onze artikelen op PRS-ORG Help. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10. Telefoonkosten kunnen van toepassing zijn op basis van je locatie en netwerkbeleid.\ English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Laat het ons weten als je in de toekomst hulp nodig hebt. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Het is mij een genoegen geweest om met je te chatten en je hebt geweldig gedaan tijdens de sessie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergaven Ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo, dat is echt vervelend. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​We stellen het op prijs dat spelers zoals jij een bug met betrekking tot je favoriete spel melden om het beter te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​We hebben een feedbackteam waar we rechtstreeks naar onze game-ontwikkelaars kunnen gaan, zodat ze de nodige wijzigingen kunnen aanbrengen en dit probleem kunnen oplossen, als je wilt doorgaan, deel dan je geregistreerde e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​ Hallo NAME-M, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor het verbonden blijven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je bug is succesvol doorgegeven De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Als bug aan ons team van productspecialisten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als ik je vandaag nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik help je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Zodra het is beoordeeld, wordt er contact met je opgenomen via e-mail. Ik heb je e-mail voor hetzelfde doel gemarkeerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Voordat ik deze chatsessie beëindig, vraag ik je om goed voor jezelf te zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem voor verdere hulp alsjeblieft contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik wens je nog een fijne dag en blijf vooral veilig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo daar! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geen zorgen, ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en je verder helpen met het bijwerken van de PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Eigenlijk hebben we geen idee wanneer de volgende update van de PRS-ORG uitkomt, omdat we geen officiële update van het gameteam hebben. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Oh, ik heb een verificatie-e-mail gestuurd, controleer alsjeblieft of je deze hebt ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​De e-mail heeft als onderwerp "Verifieer eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" en je hebt het mogelijk in je inbox of map met ongewenste e-mail ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
6-cijferige code delen met ons. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo daar! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik kan je bezorgdheid over de PRS-ORG met PRS-ORG begrijpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik zal dit onderzoeken en proberen je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Mag ik weten of je probeert de PRS-ORG op PRS-ORG of op de PRS-ORG te krijgen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
1: Ik begrijp het. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​De PSN-winkel valt onder het beheer van PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik raad je aan om contact op te nemen met PRS-ORG-ondersteuning om de aankoopopties en -methoden te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Hier kun je contact met hen opnemen: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Ik waardeer je medewerking met ons. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
13 Is er nog iets anders waar ik je mee kan helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Hallo, NAME-M leuk je te ontmoeten in de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
00: 00: 00: Oké, zoals je al zei, je mist munten in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­
10 Dank je wel voor de bevestiging. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
20 Laat me proberen je daarmee te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Laat me proberen je accountgegevens op te halen dan zou ik je kunnen helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
4. Mag ik je PSN ID weten? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
20 let me try and verify the account. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
6-cijferige verificatiecode naar het e-mailadres sturen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Controleer je e-mail met het onderwerp "Controleer het eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" in je postvak of map met ongewenste e-mail. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Deel de code alsjeblieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Natuurlijk, neem uw tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Nice to meet you. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Ik denk dat je het PRS-ORG-spel hebt besteld, maar dat de PRS-ORG zegt dat je het spel op 1 oktober krijgt en niet op 27 september. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal je zeker helpen met je probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Deel alsjeblieft de screenshot waarop je deze informatie hebt gelezen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country where the aquaculture products are produced, and the animal health status of the aquaculture production system.
​​​​​​​Raadpleeg het onderstaande artikel, hoe je een screenshot kunt toevoegen: Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​URL Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 ik begrijp het, deel alsjeblieft de screenshot als je thuis komt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 met dat gezegd te zijn, is er nog iets anders dat ik voor je kan doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het was een genoegen om met je te praten en te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Wees voorzichtig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12:00 Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik zal dit zeker onderzoeken en de informatie over speler-picks in PRS-ORG delen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Mag ik je e-mailadres en PSN gebruikersnaam verbonden met je PRS-ORG-account, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 dank u, meneer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1e, ik waardeer je interesse in PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
‍We zijn ons bewust van het probleem waarbij "spelers rapporteren dat ze mid-versies van pictogrammen ontvangen in plaats van een basistekstversie van het upgradepakket voor basispictogrammen". Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​We hebben ons betrokken team al op de hoogte gesteld van het probleem en het goede nieuws is dat ze er hard aan werken om dit zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
10. Aangezien ik het probleem kan oplossen, wil je het e-mailadres van het account wijzigen, omdat je geen toegang hebt tot het huidige e-mailadres dat aan het account is gekoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✓ Klopt dat? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
1 Bedankt voor je bericht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geen zorgen, ik zal proberen te helpen bij het bijwerken van het e-mailadres op het account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
2 Laat me de accountgegevens controleren. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
1. Om er zeker van te zijn dat dit geen robot is, moet je het volgende copieren en plakken: Just to be sure, have contacted us for this before? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. We moeten het eigendom van het account verifiëren om wijzigingen aan te brengen in de accountgegevens. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. We kunnen de details van het account echter bijwerken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Deel alsjeblieft de nieuwe informatie, zodat we het account eerst kunnen verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
IP-adres (netwerk waarop je speelt): De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Geboortedatum (verstrekt tijdens het aanmaken van een account): De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 aankoop op het account en aankoopdatum (maand / jaar): De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
4 laatste cijfers van de creditcard: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Factuuradres: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Telefoonnummer: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor het doorgeven van deze informatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geef me een moment om de verstrekte details te controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor het wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor je geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb de informatie gecontroleerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙁 Helaas, de verstrekte informatie komt niet overeen met die op het account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik begrijp je bezorgdheid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Maar accountbeveiliging is onze topprioriteit, dus we kunnen geen accountgegevens openbaar maken zonder het eigendom van het account te verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dat kunnen we niet onthullen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Alles wat ik kan zeggen is dat sommige van de informatie niet overeenkomt met de accountgegevens. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als de informatie correct wordt bevonden, zullen we de details meteen bijwerken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik verzoek je om een nieuwe zaak aan te maken en contact met ons op te nemen met enkele nieuwe / juiste informatie over het account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1maal geverifieerd, zullen we de accountgegevens voor u bijwerken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com

♡, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Zoals ik begrijp, heb je hulp nodig met in-game-terugbetaling. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Geen zorgen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Laat me je informeren dat in-game aankopen niet kunnen worden terugbetaald, omdat we geen tools of functies hebben om de actie van onze kant ongedaan te maken zodra deze is voltooid. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als het van mijn kant mogelijk was geweest, had ik het in één keer gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Zoals ik begrijp, is je account gehackt en ontbreken er inhoud in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
­?
Dat is goed om te horen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik ga het ook goed doen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Maak je geen zorgen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
100% zeker, ik zal proberen je te helpen met het gehackte account en ontbrekende inhoud in PRS-ORG en je de best beschikbare informatie geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Deel het e-mailadres dat aan het PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
❤️, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
1 op 1, wanneer je een wedstrijd maakt, verlaat de tegenstander het spel, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Ah! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met je verbindingsprobleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Geef me een momentje alsjeblieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik ondertussen weten wat je favoriete voetbalclub is? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.

🔥 Ajax is de club met de meest getalenteerde spelers. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Ze gaven zoveel jonge spelers zoals NAME-M. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik verzoek je om deze link te raadplegen en de stappen te volgen om je verbinding te verbeteren: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Mag ik weten op welk platform je speelt? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Aangezien je het probleem op internet ondervindt, zou ik je willen verzoeken deze link te raadplegen: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik kan begrijpen dat het afhangt van de servers. De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase - TripAdvisor
2. Probeer echter een keer deze stappen, het zal je helpen met de verbinding. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En voor een betere verbinding kun je de poort zelfs openen door je internet service provider te bellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Het lijkt erop dat je je niet bij het toetsenbord bevindt, laat me alsjeblieft weten of we nog steeds verbonden zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moet ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan gerust contact met ons op op URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo, ik ben blij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik zie dat je een probleem hebt met PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Ik begrijp de situatie en zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met betrekking tot het probleem met het F1 22-beeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ben je er nog? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
Probeer deze stappen: URL Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​In dit geval raden we je aan contact op te nemen met PRS-ORG voor verdere ondersteuning, aangezien dit probleem niet van PRS-ORG Launcher komt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Het kan ook een grafisch probleem zijn, we raden aan om contact op te nemen met PRS-ORG-ondersteuning: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ben je er nog? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me, maar geen reactie van je, ik ben gedwongen om ons gesprek te beëindigen om andere spelers te helpen die hulp nodig hebben. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
merci voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, je kunt onze officiële website URL en onze forums URL / Answer-HQ-Francais raadplegen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een goedendag, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, leuk je te ontmoeten! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als ik het goed begrijp kun je PRS-ORG niet starten op PRS-ORG vanwege een fout? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik zal het controleren en mijn best doen om je hiermee te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Heb je aan jouw kant stappen geprobeerd om het probleem op te lossen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Probeer het spel te repareren De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Selecteer Mijn Gamebibliotheek in PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Klik met de rechtermuisknop op de spel tile. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● Repareer spel selecteren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Start daarna de PRS-ORG opnieuw op en controleer opnieuw. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Voer PRS-ORG uit als beheerder voordat je het spel start: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Sluit de PRS-ORG-client. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Klik met de rechtermuisknop op het PRS-ORG-clientpictogram op je bureaublad (of in de PRS-ORG-map als het niet op je bureaublad staat) en klik op Uitvoeren als administrator. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het lijkt erop dat je je niet bij het toetsenbord bevindt, laat het me weten als we nog steeds verbonden zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moet ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan gerust contact met ons op via URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
❤ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot op de lopende rekening hebben, de mogelijkheid biedt om de begrotingsdiscipline te handhaven en de overheidsfinanciën te consolideren.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen over dit, ik zal je zeker helpen zoals je verzoek. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2. Kan je me alsjeblieft helpen met het e-mailadres van hun account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Zie, ik zal je een disclaimer sturen voor het verzoek om de geboortedatum te wijzigen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Ga het door. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Er zijn beperkingen voor minderjarige accounts om online te gaan, en daarom hebben we bewijs nodig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Gratis Dating Sites Zeker, je kunt contact met ons opnemen wanneer je klaar bent om de informatie te verstrekken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is er nog iets waarmee ik je kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het was mijn genoegen om met je te praten, een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Ik zal je zeker helpen met het opnieuw instellen van het wachtwoord. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Help me alsjeblieft met de e-mail-ID die is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% probleemoplossend. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik ben hier om je te helpen.
3. Nu stuur ik je een 6-cijferige verificatiecode naar het e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Controleer je e-mail met het onderwerp "Controleer het eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" in je Postvak of SPAM-inbox. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Deel alsjeblieft de code. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1. Die code is voor verificatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dat werkt nergens anders. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
100% correct. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✘ Dus je wilde het wachtwoord opnieuw instellen, correct?
🤗 Geen zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb het wachtwoord opnieuw ingesteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Stel het wachtwoord opnieuw in. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om je te helpen.
2. Voor verdere hulp kun je contact met ons opnemen door een nieuwe sessie te starten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Blijf veilig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, het is me een genoegen je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Ik hoop dat je een geweldige dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Het spijt me te horen dat je problemen ondervindt met je account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1 ik weet dat dit frustrerend kan zijn, maar ik ben hier om te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
3. Hier is wat we vandaag gaan doen: We zullen je account opnieuw beveiligen en je helpen bij het bijwerken van je informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan het account is gekoppeld?
🙂 Dank je wel. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​​Ik heb een verificatie e-mail gestuurd, controleer alsjeblieft of je deze hebt ontvangen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​De e-mail heeft als onderwerp "Verifieer eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" en je hebt het mogelijk in je inbox of map met ongewenste e-mail ontvangen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. We moeten het hier doen, zodat ik je kan helpen met ontbrekende munten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Deel alsjeblieft de code hier. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geen probleem, wil je later verbinding maken?
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animals or to the Union's aquaculture sector.
10 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Zoals ik kan zien, heb je een probleem met je PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
🙂 Geen zorgen, ik zal zeker zien wat het beste is dat we kunnen doen en zal mijn best doen om je hiermee te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt, geef me alstublieft een moment terwijl ik het met ons team controleer. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Heel erg bedankt voor het geduld hier, dus ik heb deze zaak onderzocht door het betrokken team en ik ben blij om je te vertellen dat je je geen zorgen hoeft te maken, het lijkt erop dat een paar andere spelers dit probleem ook hebben gemeld, maar het goede nieuws is dat de studio er al van op de hoogte is en al aan een oplossing werkt, het wordt momenteel rechtgezet, bedankt voor je geduld hiermee en nogmaals, maak je geen zorgen, we hebben dit voor elkaar. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure, the format and content of the application for authorisation, the information to be provided by the applicant, the criteria for the assessment of the application, the conditions for the granting of the authorisation, the duration of the authorisation, the conditions for the renewal of the authorisation, the conditions for the suspension or revocation of the authorisation, the conditions for the notification of the authorisation to the competent authorities of the Member States, the conditions for the publication of the authorisation, the conditions for the withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a new authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of an authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a suspension of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a revocation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a variation of the authorisation, the conditions for the submission of an application for a withdrawal of the authorisation,
​​Het goede nieuws is dat dit onder de aandacht is gebracht van het betrokken team en dat ze er hard aan werken om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🤔 Zijn we verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus maak je geen zorgen, wacht een tijdje en controleer het opnieuw. De 10 beste hotels in de buurt van station Kita-Ayase
❤️Meneer, als je hier niet tevreden over bent, help ik je graag met terugbetaling. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
10 Ik begrijp het, laat me de relevante informatie delen met betrekking tot het doel dat niet wordt geteld in PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000x dank dat je online bent gebleven, NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Ik heb dit zojuist dubbel gecontroleerd met mijn team hierover. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Dit is duidelijk een lopend probleem met het spel op dit moment. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Net als jij, zijn honderdduizenden spelers ook geïmpacteerd door dezelfde situatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Goed nieuws is dat ons gameteam eraan werkt. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
👍 Ze werken momenteel aan een oplossing. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Het zal niet lang duren voordat dit wordt opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zodra dat gebeurt, wordt dit niet alleen voor jou opgelost, maar voor alle betrokken spelers. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, zodra dit probleem wordt opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​De updates worden hier gepost: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het PRS-ORG-team post hier: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Het ontvangen van je aankopen kan een beetje frustrerend zijn, laat me eens kijken wat ik kan doen om te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✉️ Kan je me vertellen op welk platform je PRS-ORG speelt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✉ Wat is je gamertag? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
24 uur moet verlopen voordat we je kunnen helpen met bestellingen van PRS-ORG, maar laat me eens kijken naar de bestelling van 6 mei en kijken of ik kan achterhalen wat er is gebeurd. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​​Ik stuur een verificatie-e-mail naar het adres waaraan je gamertag is gekoppeld. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
6-cijferig nummer zal erin staan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat nummer voor me lezen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik kan geen van deze screenshots zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 ze staan niet in het juiste formaat om te bekijken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je moet de screenshots opnieuw verzamelen volgens de instructies op URL en ze bijvoegen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je de stappen volgt om de informatie te verzamelen, dan zou het in het juiste formaat moeten zijn dat we kunnen bekijken en lezen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​Doe dit alsjeblieft en neem opnieuw contact met ons op en we zullen het opnieuw proberen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, we kunnen geen mobiele afbeeldingen accepteren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🔎 Je moet een pc gebruiken om het bewijs van aankopen te verzamelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat staat ook in de instructies. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Zorg ervoor dat je ze controleert en de stappen die het heeft, volgt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Zorg ervoor dat de afbeeldingen overeenkomen met wat je ziet in de voorbeelden die we daar ook geven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Heb je vandaag nog andere vragen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geweldig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-01 Een fijne dag en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
🌍 Hallo NAME-F, leuk je te ontmoeten. Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Geen zorgen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
​Laat het spel opnieuw starten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Je krijgt de mogelijkheid om de taal te selecteren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Gebruik deze link om de taal te wijzigen URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
ik begrijp je bezorgdheid volledig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Eigenlijk zijn PRS-ORG regio-specifiek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Probeer de game te herinstalleren en te installeren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zal het als feedback nemen en het met ons team delen, zodat het kan worden gecorrigeerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
je bent erg aardig en beleefd geweest tijdens de sessie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Laat het me weten als ik je vandaag nog ergens mee kan helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Geweldig! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik hoop dat ik een glimlach op je gezicht heb kunnen toveren door je probleem op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je verdere hulp nodig hebt bij PRS-ORG-producten, neem dan gerust contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat je contact met PRS-ORG Help hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Dag, het beste en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
♪, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik kan zien dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen omdat je geen verificatiecode krijgt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal het controleren en je helpen met het probleem met de code dat je hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Geef het e-mailadres van je account op? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Controleer nu alsjeblieft opnieuw. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geweldig! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
Kan ik je, afgezien hiervan, nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik hoop dat de oplossing die ik heb gegeven je probleem heeft opgelost. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. Neem alsjeblieft opnieuw contact met ons op als je een probleem hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Het is mij een genoegen je te helpen en ik wens je een fijne dag. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt, ALPHANUMERICID. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-N, goed om je hier te zien, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
👍 Bedankt voor het delen van je vraag over de speler om in de gaten te houden English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​, aangezien je de Ultimate Edition van PRS-ORG hebt besteld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Laat me kijken naar de mogelijke manieren waarop ik je kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik moet je informeren dat je wel een ones to watch-speler krijgt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Voor verdere details kun je deze link ook bekijken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​URL. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​​Ja. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 101000-01
2) Is er nog iets anders waar ik je mee kan helpen?
100% goed! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
20 weergave ik heb een fijne dag. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help, het was een genoegen om verbinding te maken met je. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hey NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik begrijp het. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✹ Dus, je krijgt geen verificatiecode. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met je verificatiecode probleem en je de best beschikbare oplossing te bieden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
❓ Dus je hebt de verificatie-e-mail, toch? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% perfect! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1. Ik wil je niet opjagen, maar ik hoop dat we nog steeds verbonden zijn. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Reageer alsjeblieft, anders wordt de chat beëindigd vanwege inactiviteit. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​​​​​​Als je op een mobiele telefoon naar een ander tabblad wilt schakelen of de chat wilt minimaliseren, kan de chat mogelijk worden beëindigd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, zal onze chat vandaag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤔 Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik begrijp dat je problemen ondervindt met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik zal je hier zeker proberen te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Verwijder de game-bestanden voor PRS-ORG en open daarna het spel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● Ga naar Instellingen > Opgeslagen gegevens en Game/App-instellingen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
● Selecteer opgeslagen gegevens (PRS-ORG) of opgeslagen gegevens (PRS-ORG). De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● Selecteer console opslag > Verwijderen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
☐ Vink het vakje aan naast de bestanden die je wilt verwijderen en selecteer Verwijderen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Voer deze stappen uit om het te doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Ik heb mijn team geraadpleegd en ik zou met je willen delen dat dit een bekend probleem is en aan het betreffende team is gemeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ze werken er ijverig aan om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Je geduld wordt op prijs gesteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Vanaf nu hebben we geen informatie over compensatie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als het betrokken team met een compensatie komt, is deze voor alle in aanmerking komende spelers. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik kan begrijpen dat dit vervelend moet zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Laten we hopen dat het betrokken team er al aan werkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo, leuk je te ontmoeten, NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Het spijt me te horen dat je zoon je Ultimate-team snel heeft verkocht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik zal zeker controleren of we je kunnen helpen bij het herstellen van de spelers. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat is gekoppeld aan het PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🙂 Dank je wel! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Geef me een momentje alsjeblieft. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Dank je wel voor het wachten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 heb zojuist de zaak met mijn team besproken en ik wil je graag informeren dat zodra de spelers snel zijn verkocht, de spelers de mogelijkheid hebben om de spelers alleen van hun kant te herstellen en dat ook met een limiet die 5 spelers binnen 30 dagen is. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Medical Jobs
2. We kunnen de timer niet opnieuw instellen of meer herstel toevoegen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
⚠️ Zodra alle resetten zijn gebruikt, kunnen adviseurs geen Quick Sold-speler herstellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Je kunt de informatie vinden in de link hieronder: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Helaas kunnen we de spelers niet meer voor je herstellen zodra de herstelpogingen zijn gebruikt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
5 spelers kunnen alleen binnen de 30 dagen worden hersteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% begrijpelijk dat sommige spelers niet beschikbaar zijn op de Transfermarkt, maar we kunnen de spelers niet terugvoegen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als het mogelijk was geweest, had ik het verzoek niet afgewezen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik zal je feedback zeker verder delen en ik hoop dat we ook in deze scenario's kunnen helpen, maar momenteel kunnen we de spelers niet herstellen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
⚠️ Bedankt voor je begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik waardeer het zeer. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem gerust contact met ons op als je problemen ondervindt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat je me de kans hebt gegeven om je te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het is een genoegen je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🤔 Hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Ik heb de details gecontroleerd en ik zal echt eerlijk met je zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Het probleem waarmee je wordt geconfronteerd, is iets waar we al van op de hoogte zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​We ontvangen vergelijkbare meldingen van spelers over de hele wereld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Onze teams zijn op de hoogte van het probleem en werken ijverig aan de oplossing. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2Dit is een probleem dat is gegenereerd door de server en ons gespecialiseerde team werkt ijverig om het zo snel mogelijk op te lossen, dus ik verzoek je vriendelijk om even te wachten.
2. We vragen om je medewerking. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 Wees gerust, de munten worden binnenkort weer weergegeven op je account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat je veilig en gezond bent in deze cruciale tijden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ze zullen binnenkort weer in je account worden weergegeven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% genoegen en fijn om met je te praten hier. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2020-04-01 Een fijne dag verder! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Tot ziens. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✨, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
2 Volg deze stappen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1. Ga naar PRS-ORG Store en klik op je Avatar bovenaan het scherm. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
● Selecteer Codes Inwisselen in het vervolgkeuzemenu. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
3. Voer de code in en selecteer Inwisselen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Het tegoed of de inhoud wordt nu toegepast op je account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% zeker. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden?
​​Het lijkt erop dat je niet bij je toetsenbord bent, omdat je niet reageert, is dat de reden dat ik de chat verlaat?
​Je kunt opnieuw contact met ons opnemen.
1 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te chatten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Aarzel niet om contact op te nemen als er zich verdere problemen zouden voordoen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10:00 Heb je een goede dag, ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Wees voorzichtig en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ça va? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
🤗 Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İt is leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✗ Zoals ik kan begrijpen dat je geen PRS-ORG-account kunt maken, correct? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen bij het aanmaken van een PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the following:
Je kunt deze link raadplegen om een PRS-ORG-account te maken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Als je problemen ondervindt bij het aanmaken van het account en de fout ondervindt, zou ik je willen verzoeken dit na enige tijd opnieuw te proberen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me als ik in jouw schoenen stond, ik zou hetzelfde voelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik heb alles gedaan en elke stap geprobeerd om het probleem voor je op te lossen, maar helaas is dit iets dat niet in mijn handen ligt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me dat de waardevolle speler van ons met dit probleem wordt geconfronteerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Afgezien hiervan, is er nog iets waar ik je vandaag mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Nice to meet you NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het lijkt erop dat je hulp nodig hebt bij het wijzigen van je gebruikersnaam, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Ik zal mijn best doen om je hierbij te helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Mag ik weten of je op pc of console speelt?
​Laten we dat even snel controleren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Speel je FUT of offline modus? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
In dat geval zou de naam op je PRS-ORG-Account niet synchroniseren met de naam in PRS-ORG, omdat het een andere modus is en het niet synchroniseert met je accountgegevens. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Probeer je de clubnaam of de spelernaam te wijzigen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Zijn we nog steeds verbonden met deze chatsessie? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moet ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als je nog steeds hulp nodig hebt, neem dan alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op via URL. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
wij kijken ernaar uit om van je te horen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M, het is een genoegen je te ontmoeten via de chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat vandaag. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
1 Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍Oké. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🇳🇱 Om te bevestigen dat je per ongeluk de ALPHANUMERICID-punten voor PRS-ORG hebt gekocht en dat je ze wilt overzetten, klopt dat?🇳🇱 Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor je bevestiging. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik heb het gecontroleerd, maar helaas hebben we geen optie om de punten meer over te dragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
01/01/2022 is deze optie verwijderd Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
01/ na De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
01/2022 is deze optie verwijderd De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik begrijp dat het vervelend kan zijn, maar we hebben niet de mogelijkheid om de punten meer over te dragen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Mag ik bevestigen waar je de punten hebt gekocht? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Wat ik je kan voorstellen, is proberen contact op te nemen met de winkel waar je de punten hebt gekocht en proberen te vragen om een terugbetaling, zodat je de munten voor de juiste versie kunt kopen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-M is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen, ik help je graag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Aangenaam kennis te maken, A. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✱ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Geen zorgen, ik zal controleren of ik je kan helpen het account te herstellen en het e-mailadres bij te werken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Kun je me je PRS-ORG ID en het oude English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. E-mailadres dat aan het PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
10 Bedankt voor de gevraagde details. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2. Geef me een moment om het account te vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Speel je op een ander platform-account dat aan dit PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
🙂 Ik hoop dat we nog steeds verbonden zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
🤗 Hallo NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☀️ Leuk dat je er bent, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geen zorgen, ik zal zeker proberen je te helpen om de PRS-ORG te downloaden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular as regards the conditions for the use of the different types of information referred to in Article 218(1).
2 Eigenlijk krijgen we veel contact voor hetzelfde en ik raad ze aan om het vanaf nu te downloaden en bij te werken via de PRS-ORG-app. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Heb je geprobeerd om te downloaden De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​via de PRS-ORG-app? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Maak je geen zorgen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​We hebben nog een app die hetzelfde is als PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​​​​​​Download de app en probeer het spel daar te downloaden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als het probleem hetzelfde blijft, neem dan gerust contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% GRATIS!We zijn slechts een paar klikken verwijderd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% perfect! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik ben blij dat ik je heb kunnen helpen met je probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dit zou niet mogelijk zijn geweest zonder je medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Neem alsjeblieft weer contact met ons op als je nog hulp nodig hebt. Met vriendelijke groeten en pas goed op jezelf. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
☎ Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
Als ik het goed begrijp, mis je PRS-ORG het uitbreidingspakket PRS-ORG op het account, toch? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Geen zorgen, ik zal proberen je te helpen met het probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat aan het PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
12 laat me kijken. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
Zoals ik kan zien, heb je de "PRS-ORG" bij het PRS-ORG-lidmaatschap. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
4. Echter, aangezien het abonnement is verlopen, heb je geen toegang tot dat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Je bezit het uitbreidingspakket niet apart, het was met het abonnement. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik je, afgezien hiervan, nog ergens anders mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤️ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ça va. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Bedankt voor het vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✱ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen NAME-M? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
2 Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat is geregistreerd met je PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Bedankt voor het delen van het e-mailadres. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Laat me de details halen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
1 wil je de PRS-ORG pre-order annuleren? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👌Oké. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 maand geleden Maak je geen zorgen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik zal proberen je hiermee te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Ik heb de pre-order van mijn kant geannuleerd NAME-M. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
7-10 werkdagen duren, afhankelijk van de betaalmethode, voordat de terugbetaling is verwerkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✨Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen NAME-M? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% Niet aangevinkt. NAME-M, graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was een genoegen om je vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem gerust contact met ons op als je iets nodig hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Tot die tijd, ik wens je een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/1/2021 Bedankt dat u contact met ons hebt opgenomen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten, hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen, ik zal je zeker helpen om de uitbreiding Universitair leven te laten werken English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​en je de best beschikbare informatie geven van mijn kant. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2. Mag ik het e-mailadres van je hebben? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​PRS-ORG-account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1 Dank u, geef me alstublieft een moment om te controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Oké, mag ik weten of je al een stappenplan hebt geprobeerd om dit probleem op te lossen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
0h oké, zou je dit kunnen proberen: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
0h oké, heb geprobeerd de cache van PRS-ORG URL te wissen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik verzoek je om te reageren, anders wordt de chat automatisch beëindigd, omdat het een chat is met een beperkte tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Het is al een tijdje geleden sinds je laatste reactie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. De chat kan worden verbroken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als je nog hulp nodig hebt, staan we voor je klaar. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Hoe gaat het met je vandaag? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 ik begrijp je bezorgdheid, ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met je probleem van PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✗ Speel je op PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Ok, deel alsjeblieft je e-mailadres van je account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb een code naar je e-mailadres gestuurd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Bevestig hetzelfde voor verificatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
0k, heb je geen zescijferige code op e-mail ontvangen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zie dat je een anticheat-fout krijgt met PRS-ORG, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik kan mijn best doen om je te helpen het anticheat-probleem op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik zou je willen meedelen dat je het anticheat-systeem opnieuw op je pc moet installeren om PRS-ORG te laten werken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Je moet met de rechtermuisknop op het PRS-ORG-pictogram klikken, naar de bestemmingslocatie gaan, PRS-ORG anticheat vinden, de PRS-ORG-app selecteren, PRS-ORG selecteren, verwijderen en opnieuw installeren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1. Start daarna de pc opnieuw op en test vervolgens het spel. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Laten we het nog een keer proberen op deze manier en neem contact met ons op als het niet werkt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Is er nog iets waar ik je mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was leuk om met je te praten.
10 Wees voorzichtig en een fijne dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG Help. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Neem gerust contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✉ Hallo daar! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
10 ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Zoals ik kan zien, wil je PRS-ORG terugbetalen vanwege crashproblemen op je pc. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Sterker nog, klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik weet dat je de grootste fan van games bent en ik respecteer je emoties naar het spel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik zou je willen meedelen dat de Gold Edition van het spel wordt geleverd met enig in-game-content en het spel is niet restitueerbaar. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animal health.
Als je wilt, kan ik je helpen het probleem dat je ondervindt met het spel op te lossen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 ik respecteer je emoties, maar de game is niet restitueerbaar, omdat het wordt geleverd met een in-game-inhoud. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Ik verzoek je om ons de mogelijkheid te geven om het spel te repareren met onze stappen voor probleemoplossing. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ga alsjeblieft door met dit voor je betere begrip - URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het wordt vermeld in het artikel dat ik heb gedeeld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Bepaalde game-edities die virtuele valuta en/of inhoudspakketten omvatten, zijn uitgesloten van de Grote Game Garantie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Deze regel wordt in het artikel vermeld, omdat de game niet langer onder de Great Game Garantie valt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-06-19 10: 36: 40 kan ik nog steeds helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​wat kan ik voor je doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-N, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
NAME-N, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🤝 Hallo NAME-M, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned, the effectiveness of the control measures applied and the level of trade and the risk involved.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​Geen zorgen, ik zal proberen je te helpen je probleem met PRS-ORG op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
3. Mag ik het e-mailadres weten dat is gekoppeld aan je PRS-ORG-Account? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
🙂 Dank je wel! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Geef me een minuutje de tijd, zodat ik je beter kan helpen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
👍 Bedankt voor het wachten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Mag ik weten of je je spel op een ander PRS-ORG-Account speelt? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
🙂 Oké! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik heb je zaak met mijn team gecontroleerd en het spijt me te moeten zeggen dat we in dit geval niets kunnen doen, omdat de PRS-ORG-gamevoortgang offline is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​Goedendag, leuk je te ontmoeten en ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Als ik het goed begrijp, kun je de gratis kits niet op het account van je kind krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Gelieve te verzekeren dat ik mijn best zal doen om je hierbij te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 maand geleden Maak je geen zorgen, laat me proberen je hierbij te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
🙂 Alles goed! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 kunt u me alsjeblieft helpen met de PRS-ORG ID van het account van je kind De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb een verificatiecode naar je ouderlijke e-mail gestuurd. Controleer of je een e-mail hebt ontvangen met de onderwerpregel "Controleer het eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" in je postvak of spam inbox a De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
nd deel het met mij. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de code. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Geef me een moment om de accountgegevens van je kind te bekijken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me echt dat ik je heb laten wachten, maar ik heb mijn team hierover gecontacteerd en het lijkt erop dat dit een spel is voor tieners, dus we kunnen dit spel niet toekennen op een minderjarig account-URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me echt, maar de game kan ook niet worden verleend met de ouderlijke toestemming. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Mijn excuses voor het ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb het net gecontroleerd en in jouw regio moet de minimumleeftijd 16 zijn om het account om te zetten naar een tieneraccount. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Nice to meet you NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
✨. Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​​​​​​Gelieve dit verder uit te leggen, zodat ik het beter kan begrijpen en je op een betere manier kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Mag ik weten waar je de PRS-ORG hebt gekocht? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
22 september is de startdatum. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
Volg de bovenstaande link en blijf op de hoogte van onze officiële PRS-ORG-pagina voor de tijdupdate, aangezien de tijd niet met ons is gedeeld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Je krijgt de update daar zelf. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Graag gedaan. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Afgezien hiervan, is er nog iets waar ik je op dit moment mee kan helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Kun je meer informatie geven over je probleem, zodat ik ervoor kan zorgen dat er geen misverstand is? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍Oké! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Heb je een toekomstige ster aan je actieve ploeg toegevoegd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​omdat als je dat hebt, verwijder het dan uit de ploeg en het kan het probleem oplossen, zoals het het probleem voor sommige gebruikers heeft opgelost. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ja, gebruik de toekomstige ster een tijdje niet, omdat er op dit moment enige synchronisatieproblemen zijn die het team binnenkort verwijdert. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor je medewerking. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat je blij bent met mijn hulp. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👍 Bedankt dat je contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergave ik heb een geweldige dag. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Wees voorzichtig en blijf veilig. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
🎉Fijne gaming!🎉 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
✨ Tot ziens! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✋ Hallo, ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat, hoe kan ik je helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Deel alsjeblieft je bezorgdheid. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
1 ik zal mijn best doen om je te helpen met je probleem. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Maak je geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2021-1-10 14:36:19,917: Zoals ik kan zien, heb je een lock op de Transfermarkt op je account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Klopt dat?
​Bedankt voor de bevestiging. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✉️Kun je me het e-mailadres geven dat aan je PRS-ORG-Account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
👍 Bedankt voor de e-mail. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Zoals ik heb gecontroleerd, is je zaak met succes doorgegeven aan ons betrokken team. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
1. Ja. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
however, aangezien je al contact met ons hebt opgenomen en een gesprek hebt gehad met onze adviseur NAME-M. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Hij heeft je zaak met succes doorgegeven aan het betrokken team. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Mag ik weten of ik je nog ergens mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❤ Ik hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
❔Kun je alsjeblieft het probleem dat je ondervindt toelichten? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Dat is niet goed om te horen! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Ik zal zeker zien wat het beste is dat we kunnen doen en zal mijn best doen om je te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the third country's aquaculture production and the animal health status of the third country's imports of aquaculture products.
2 Mag ik alsjeblieft je PSN ID weten? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Deel ook alsjeblieft je e-mailadres. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Bedankt voor de details. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - vindiemee
​​Stuurde een reset wachtwoord link op je e-mail, controleer en laat het me weten zodra je klaar bent. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hallo NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
☎ Hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor je bericht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
Zoals ik begreep kun je de PRS-ORG online modus niet spelen omdat het steeds weer verbroken wordt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
❤ Klopt dat? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
Dank je wel voor het delen van je bezorgdheid met mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Zoals ik begreep, heb je een probleem vanwege de ban op je account en wil je het opheffen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
⚠️ Klopt dat? ⚠️ Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Hoi NAME-M, hoe kan ik je vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik kan zien dat je contact met ons hebt opgenomen over inlogproblemen. Maak je geen zorgen, aangezien ik je bezorgdheid heb begrepen en ik je in dit geval zal helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
✉️Kun je het e-mailadres delen dat aan je PRS-ORG-account is gekoppeld? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Oké, ik zal het controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Wacht alstublieft. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
6-cijferige verificatiecode is naar je geregistreerde e-mailadres gestuurd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
De e-mail heeft als onderwerp "Verifieer eigendom van je PRS-ORG-Account" en je ontvangt het mogelijk in je inbox of map met ongewenste e-mail. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
🇳🇱 Ok, ik zie dat je geen toegang hebt tot deze e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is niet mogelijk om de code op mobiel te verzenden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Aangezien je geen toegang hebt tot e-mail, moeten we een paar details vragen om het eigendom van het account te verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1maal we klaar zijn, zullen we een nieuwe e-mail op het account bijwerken en je helpen met de toegang tot het account. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🙂 Ok, je kunt opnieuw contact met ons opnemen, we zijn er altijd om te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
☀ Hallo, ik hoop dat u goed bent, hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik snap het, laat me controleren of we het probleem dat je ondervindt bij het spelen van een spel kunnen oplossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Wat is de exacte fout? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
10: 00 uur. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Blijf alsjeblieft online. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Bedankt dat je online bent gebleven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Raadpleeg hier: URL Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Missende DLL ontbreekt een Windows-component. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Dit zijn de stappen van PRS-ORG: C: \ Program Files (x86) \ PRS-ORG Games \ PRS-ORG \ __ Installer \ vc \ vc2012Update3 \ redist De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. Als je PRS-ORG in een andere driver of op een andere locatie hebt geïnstalleerd, vind die locatie en zoek naar: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​PRS-ORG\__Installer\vc\vc2012Update3\redist De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● In redist, vind zowel de x86- als x64-versies van VCredist.exe. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Voer beide versies uit en installeer ze, en je game zou nu zonder fouten moeten starten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Probeer of het werkt met PRS-ORG De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% zeker. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Heb je de game opnieuw geïnstalleerd? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
🤔 Zijn we nog steeds verbonden? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Reageer alsjeblieft, anders wordt de chat beëindigd vanwege inactiviteit. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Omdat ik geen reactie van je heb ontvangen, moest ik vandaag onze chat beëindigen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Neem gerust contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hallo NAME-M, leuk je te ontmoeten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
İk hoop dat het goed met je gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Laat me weten hoe ik je vandaag kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het lijkt erop dat je een probleem ondervindt met je ontbrekende Apex-munten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2 Mag ik weten wanneer je de PRS-ORG-munten hebt gekocht? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​NAME-M, je krijgt zeker waar je voor hebt betaald. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
however, soms vanwege synchronisatieproblemen, duurt het tot 24 uur voordat de munten worden gesynchroniseerd met het account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
24 uur wachten zou ik je aanraden. Als je na 24 uur de munten nog niet hebt ontvangen, neem dan gerust contact met ons op. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. Wij zullen je helpen bij het handmatig herstellen van de munten aan onze kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
100 Welkom De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank je wel voor je begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Afgezien hiervan, kan ik je nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
7 juni Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
7 juni ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Heeft u geprobeerd uit te loggen en vervolgens weer in te loggen? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​Dat is geweldig! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik ben blij dat het voor u werkte! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14 dagen bedenktijd, geen probleem!
10 dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Wat zijn de titels van de ontbrekende boeken? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 dank u, een ogenblik alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. In uw ontvangstbewijs staat een omschrijvingsnummer, kunt u mij dat geven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Heeft u een ontvangstbewijs? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt daarvoor, helaas helpt dat niet veel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Wat er is gebeurd, is omdat dit een aankoop is gedaan met URL, het even duurt voordat de aankoop bij ons wordt weergegeven. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​​​​​​Dus ik ga uw probleem doorgeven en zodra iemand kan bevestigen dat de betaling bij ons is aangekomen, zal ik de boeken toevoegen en u via e-mail vragen of u ze kunt lezen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​Dit duurt niet lang, maar we gaan doorgaan met communicatie met u via e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank u voor uw begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maak u geen zorgen, u ontvangt uw boeken, omdat u uw betaling hebt gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het probleem is met de betaalmethode die tijd kost De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Blijf gewoon alert op uw e-mail De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​In dit geval zou ik u adviseren om uit te loggen en weer in te loggen op de e-reader door deze stappen te volgen: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
URL Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2. U heeft uw inloggegevens nodig om u aan te melden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Als u boeken hebt die niet van PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG zijn, maak dan een back-up, aangezien het proces ze zal wissen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Ā, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoe gaat het? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% natuurlijk. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik stuur u een e-mail, zodat u me kunt laten weten hoe het is verlopen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Als er niets anders is waar ik u mee kan helpen, dan zou dat alles van mijn kant zijn. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
20 weergave Een fijne dag verder.
100% Gratis dating.Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoi NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de verstrekte informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. | English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Mag ik vragen wat de PRS-ORG e-reader is die u heeft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 Kunt u me alsjeblieft helpen om uit te loggen bij het PRS-ORG-account Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Dank u, log nu opnieuw in op uw PRS-ORG-account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Zorg ervoor dat u de URL-aanmelding gebruikt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Graag gedaan. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
10 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
3D-verificatie van uw bank English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​het is normaal in heel Europa, het is zelfs verplicht English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het is volkomen normaal, maakt u zich geen zorgen Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Wat is het model van uw apparaat? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
​​Ik ben bang dat u het niet groot kunt maken De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U kunt proberen in te zoomen met uw vingers of dubbelklikken op het venster De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​maar er is geen andere manier om de informatie te verzenden De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me, vanwege kwaliteitsdoeleinden zal ik deze chat moeten sluiten als ik binnen 2 minuten geen reactie ontvang De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder.
1 Heeft u geprobeerd om de applicatie te verwijderen en opnieuw te installeren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
0k. laat me proberen uw probleem aan mijn kant te reproduceren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
1 ogenblik alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Het boek opent zonder probleem aan onze kant. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Welk model van PRS-ORG gebruikt u? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
0k. In dit geval. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik kan dit probleem melden aan ons contentteam om te zien of het boek technische problemen heeft met het model van de PRS-ORG of dat het de applicatie zelf is. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union scale referred to in paragraph 1.
​geen probleem, ik ben blij dat u terugkwam English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the level of protection provided by the veterinary legislation of those countries, territories, zones or compartments.
2 minuten toegestaan terwijl ik het proces uitvoer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
1 ik heb klaar met het proces, kunt u uw bibliotheek synchroniseren? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​En het boek zou er nu moeten zijn English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
geweldig! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - startpagina
​U kunt proberen het bij te werken met de PRS-ORG-app English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
​geen probleem Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
12/02/2020 10: 34: 00 Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen om u vandaag te helpen.
2 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​De titel die u ons geeft, is voor het boek dat u niet kunt openen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
10 dank u voor de informatie English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het spijt me, maar de betaling voor deze aankoop moet worden geverifieerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Om uw aankoop te valideren, dient u mij te voorzien van: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Uw omschrijving nummer, dit staat in de transactie gegevens op het bankafschrift. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie, u zou nu het boek moeten kunnen zien nadat u hebt gesynchroniseerd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Glad dat ik kon helpen, is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14: 15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Leuk u te ontmoeten, NAME-F. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag heeft! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik stel voor dat u de volgende link gebruikt om uw e-books over te zetten via PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
​​Ik moet deze interactie alleen om de twee minuten vernieuwen, dus als u me laat weten of u nog steeds bij me bent, zou dat geweldig zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Heeft u het e-boek met dezelfde stappen overgezet? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
Geweldig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
2 Geen zorgen, wilt u dat ik u ergens anders mee help? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik controleer of de details van uw creditcard up-to-date zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. In dit geval. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik zal dit probleem moeten doorgeven aan ons factuurteam om te onderzoeken waarom u die foutmelding krijgt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Ons factuurteam neemt zo snel mogelijk contact met u op via e-mail. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 op dit moment nee. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Maar als het abonnement wordt geannuleerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 dagen extra om de boeken te lezen die via het abonnement zijn verkregen en om opnieuw te abonneren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De aanvraag om uw zaak te herzien is nu bij de factuurafdeling. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✗ Zoals ik in het verleden heb verteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ze nemen zo snel mogelijk contact met u op via e-mail. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ould u de naam geven van het boek waarmee u problemen ondervindt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u wel! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Kunt u het omschrijvingnummer van uw aankoop opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
11 cijfers en staat meestal op de PRS-ORG-bon. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Excellent! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik heb uw boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd, vernieuw of synchroniseer uw apparaten om het daar te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Geweldig! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag NAME-M, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
2. Geef me een moment om uw account te bekijken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor uw geduld NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik zal dit meteen melden English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Ik heb het boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Het lijkt erop dat er een probleem kan zijn tussen Ideal en PRS-ORG Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Om dit te voorkomen kunt u een creditcard of cadeaubon gebruiken om te betalen. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
1 ik hoop dat ons team aan dit probleem werkt Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1Sorry NAME-M, ik zal het meteen melden De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop echt dat ons team een manier kan vinden om dit op te lossen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
2 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Heeft u een gepland gesprek? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u wel! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
13: 00 uur staat nu gepland voor uw oproep. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Zodra we iemand beschikbaar hebben om u te bellen, zullen we de oproep doen, oké? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Sorry voor de vertraging, maar momenteel wachten we op iemand die beschikbaar is om de oproep te doen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1000x bedankt! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
Een van onze agenten die Nederlands spreekt zal u zo snel mogelijk bellen, heel erg bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Hallo, bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
✉️ Kunt u de e-mail in uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
10 uitstekend! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 heb uw boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd, vernieuw of synchroniseer uw apparaten om het daar te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Helaas heeft PRS-ORG een bug die soms niet toestaat om de betaling te voltooien, dus het doet wat er nu is gebeurd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
1. We raden u aan uw betaalmethode te wijzigen om deze fout met PRS-ORG te voorkomen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 Sorry voor het ongemak! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11 dank u voor het opnemen van contact met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 dank u, laat me uw account voor het boek controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
3. Laat me de transactiegegevens controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2019 De transactie lijkt nog steeds bezig te zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
NAME-M, heeft u het beschrijvingsnummer van de PRS-ORG-bon? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​​Nee, dit nummer is wat ik nodig heb, bedankt NAME-M. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik heb het boek handmatig toegevoegd, synchroniseer uw lezer of app om de wijzigingen toe te passen en vertel me of u het boek kunt openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Geen probleem NAME-M. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
19:45 Een goede avond NAME-M. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Hallo, ik hoop dat het goed met u gaat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Ik ben NAME-F en ik zal vandaag uw persoonlijke assistentie zijn, laat me alsjeblieft weten hoe ik kan helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
💳 Debetkaart wordt ook geaccepteerd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ik begrijp het, weet u of deze kaart visa o PRS-ORG is? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik begrijp het, het spijt me heel erg. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
✅ De kaarten die worden geaccepteerd, zijn alleen Visa of PRS-ORG, ze kunnen debet of credit zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
Wat we kunnen voorstellen, is om een prepaid kaart te kopen die ook worden geaccepteerd om een abonnement te krijgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Mijn excuses, we hopen dat we in de toekomst meer betaalmethodes kunnen accepteren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik nog iets anders voor u doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Geeft het apparaat een foutmelding? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0r een bericht wanneer u probeert het boek te openen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0k ik heb de oplossing English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1. Meld u op uw apparaat af en meld u opnieuw aan English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
100% zeker Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Er is geen reactie en deze chat zal binnenkort sluiten De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union financial contribution referred to in paragraph 2.
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​Ik help u graag verder.
​​Ik ben uw informatie aan het lezen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als u problemen ondervindt met de beleidsregels en voorwaarden, kunt u deze niet accepteren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor uw geduld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Open de volgende link: URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ga naar het zwarte venster onderaan de pagina, onder PRS-ORG-instellingen, klik op PRS-ORG-instellingen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Daar kunt u sommige privacy-functies uitschakelen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, ik wil graag weten of alles goed is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik begrijp dat u problemen ondervindt bij het openen van uw e-books? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
✉️Kunt u me vertellen wat de foutmelding is die u ontvangt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2 Mag ik vragen of het alleen gebeurt met één e-book of alle e-books? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​Omdat er geen reactie is, moet deze chatbox worden gesloten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2 Als u de hulp nog steeds wilt voortzetten, neem dan op elk moment contact met ons op via URL. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
​Goedendag, Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
​Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik ben blij dat u nu kunt kopen met uw nieuwe creditcardgegevens! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Met betrekking tot uw vraag, het kan zijn omdat het systeem vastliep. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Kunt u de laatste vier cijfers van uw nieuwe creditcardgegevens opgeven? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Dus we zullen zien of het correct is bijgewerkt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1873 Ik kan alleen de laatste vier cijfers van uw creditcard zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En de nummers die u ons heeft gegeven, zijn dezelfde als die ik op het systeem zie. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik kan geen verdere informatie over uw creditcard zien, sorry. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union scale referred to in paragraph 1.
1 bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
10 Ik help u graag verder. < English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
3. Geef me een moment om uw account te controleren English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​​Ik heb zojuist uw e-book al aan uw account toegevoegd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
controleer alsjeblieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Het was gewoon een foutmelding English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Laten we hopen dat het niet opnieuw gebeurt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
14 dank u voor het contact opnemen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 Home » Nieuws » 'Nederlandse toeristen kiezen voor de Ardennen'
​Graag terug. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het lijkt erop dat onze chat is verbroken, maar ik ben blij dat u terugkeerde naar mij. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
2. Ik wil bevestigen dat het e-book met succes is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG-account, dus als u toegang hebt tot de PRS-ORG-app of e-reader, zou het e-book moeten downloaden als u synchroniseert. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of certain products of animal origin are authorised, and the conditions and certification requirements for such imports.
​​Was het mogelijk voor u om dit al te proberen?
2 Gaarne gedaan, het is een genoegen om u te helpen en ik wens u veel leesplezier! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the aquatic animals and the level of biosecurity measures applied in the third country.
2. Kan ik nog iets voor u doen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% perfect! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​En heel erg bedankt, ik wens u ook een fijne avond! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd en vriendelijkheid! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Geef me een paar minuten de tijd om uw informatie te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​U kunt het proberen te doen via URL, er is geen creditcard nodig. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​U kunt daar met PRS-ORG betalen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 wezenlijk ik zal u graag helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 ik begrijp dat u problemen hebt om uw boeken in uw laptop te openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Gebruikt u de PRS-ORG-app?
1. Weet u nog of u de PRS-ORG-app op uw laptop hebt geïnstalleerd? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
0h, ik begrijp het. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Zie je een foutmelding wanneer je ze probeert te openen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 OKé, een ogenblik alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Heeft u geprobeerd op het synchronisatiepictogram op de hoofdpagina van de PRS-ORG-app te klikken? English: The Commission shall be assisted by the Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health set up by Article 58(1) of Regulation (EC) No 178/2002.
10 Hallo, bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​Wat probeert u te betalen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
​In dit geval kunt u het abonnement krijgen met URL English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
💳 Ze staan betalingen toe via bankoverschrijving English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned, the disease status of the aquatic animals concerned and the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied in the third country, territory, zone or compartment concerned.
2 Mag ik vragen wat het probleem is? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
Ça va, u hoeft niet te antwoorden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp het en ik zou u graag willen helpen met uw probleem De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Maar ik wil u niet verplichten om vragen te beantwoorden. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als u me wilt laten weten wat het probleem is, zal ik blij zijn om de beste oplossing voor uw probleem te proberen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als u het gesprek liever wilt beëindigen, laat het me dan weten en ik zal het begrijpen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
12/12/2020 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
10 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Hoe kan ik u helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
100% begrepen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Mijn excuses voor het ongemak, maar ik ga u helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​We gaan aan uw e-reader werken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1Kan u me alsjeblieft helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than aquatic animal diseases.
1000x bedankt! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Volg deze stappen alsjeblieft: Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ik ben er nog steeds bij. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Graag gedaan! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000 maal dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik ben hier bij u, laat het me weten als u klaar bent. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Geen probleem, als het probleem zich blijft voordoen, beantwoordt u gewoon de e-mail die u van mij gaat ontvangen en ik ga u verder helpen via e-mail, zodat u niet opnieuw hoeft te beginnen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
❓ Is dit geschikt voor u? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2021-01-12 14:20:04 Zijn jullie nog steeds in de chat? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions and detailed rules for the use of the Union financial contribution referred to in paragraph 2.
1 minuut de tijd om uw eerdere interactie te bekijken.
Dit gaat over het boek dat u heeft betaald, maar niet heeft ontvangen, correct?
​Ik heb uw boeken toegevoegd 't Is een beetje een vreemde situatie. De ene dag is het nog een beetje koud en de volgende dag is het alweer zomer. De temperatuur stijgt en stijgt en vandaag is het alweer 25 graden. Dat is natuurlijk heel erg lekker, maar het betekent ook dat de zomer in aantocht is. En dat betekent dat we weer veel tijd buiten doorbrengen.
2. Probeer uw apparaat te synchroniseren en u zult ze ontvangen English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
100% perfect, ik hoop dat u geniet van het lezen ervan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animal health in the Union.
12:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 dank u voor de verstrekte informatie, ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Laat me uw PRS-ORG-account verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 Geef me een moment. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik kan een terugbetalingsformulier invullen, geef me alsjeblieft een momentje. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3-5 werkdagen duren voordat de terugbetaling op uw bankrekening wordt weergegeven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​Dit is uw referentie # PHONENUMBER English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
ould you like anything else that ik kan helpen u mee? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
100% goed. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was mij een genoegen om u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2019-08-27Een geweldige dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Dank u wel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12 dank u voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
1 wezenlijk om u te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag hebt! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
3. Geef me alstublieft een paar minuten de tijd om uw account te vinden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Bedankt voor uw geduld. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Ik heb uw account gevonden en geverifieerd en het spijt me voor dit probleem met uw e-book. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
2. In de buurt van de nummers die u boven heeft opgegeven, kunt u andere nummers zien die betrekking hebben op: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000x bedankt! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
100% Ja, dit is het nummer dat we nodig hebben! Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Maakt u zich geen zorgen, ik heb het nummer alleen gebruikt om het e-book aan uw account toe te voegen en het is nu beschikbaar om te gebruiken! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
3. Synchroniseer uw PRS-ORG-app of e-reader en laat me weten of de e-book daar wordt gedownload. Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
2 Gaarne gedaan, het is een genoegen om u te helpen en ik wens u veel leesplezier! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 En heel erg bedankt, ik wens u ook een fijne dag! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor uw tijd en vriendelijkheid! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
❤️ Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
30 Ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 Mag ik vragen of u het e-book kunt zien of niet? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Dank u wel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Welk apparaat gebruikt u om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Dank u, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik heb de aankoop gevonden en aan uw PRS-ORG toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
10. Graag gedaan. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Ben blij dat uw probleem is opgelost. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik kan zien dat u al met een andere agent aan het chatten was, wilt u dat ik controleer of deze beschikbaar is? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the aquatic animals and the level of biosecurity measures applied.
Ik kan u ook blijven helpen als u dat wilt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
E-mailadres English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​is gekoppeld aan PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
wij beheren het PRS-ORG-wachtwoord niet English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Om een nieuw wachtwoord aan te vragen, moet u contact opnemen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​en de Google-aanmeldingsoptie om toegang te krijgen tot dit account English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
14:15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 dank voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Laat me uw account controleren, geef me een paar minuten, alstublieft. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
U kunt de PRS-ORG op veel apparaten hebben, maar het moet hetzelfde account zijn op de apparaten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 account met PRS-ORG en meerdere apparaten, kan worden gedaan. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ja, zolang het hetzelfde account op de apparaten is. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Het moet op één account zijn met meerdere apparaten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​Bedankt voor het wachten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 accounts gevonden Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Laat me alsjeblieft een boektitel in het account weten om het te verifiëren De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​De boeken staan in het account met de typefout. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​het account met het juiste e-mailadres is leeg De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​In dit geval kan ik de boeken overzetten naar het juiste account De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Deel alstublieft uw postcode met mij De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2016 is het gemaakt De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Heeft u nog steeds toegang tot dat e-mailadres?
​​Ik zal u een link sturen om het wachtwoord in te stellen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% perfect, een ogenblik alstublieft De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% goed, de boeken zijn overgedragen naar het juiste e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Probeer alsjeblieft opnieuw toegang te krijgen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Laat het me weten als u een nieuw wachtwoord moet instellen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik ga door met u De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 perfect, ik ben blij dat het werkte1 De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 geniet van uw boek De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Voor uw informatie stuur ik u een transcriptie van ons gesprek. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als u nog vragen of opmerkingen heeft, kunt u die e-mail altijd beantwoorden en kunnen we u verder helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen?
​Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Sorry daarvoor. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Dank u alvast. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1 ik begrijp dat u een probleem hebt met een boek dat is gekocht, maar ontbreekt in uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Kunt u mij vertellen welke betaalmethode u hebt gebruikt? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2 Kunt u de betalingsbevestiging via uw PRS-ORG-account zien? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Geef me alstublieft de omschrijving code voor deze aankoop. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​U kunt deze informatie mogelijk vinden in de aankoopgegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
10 dank u, geef me alstublieft een momentje. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000x dank u. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb deze boekprijs kunnen verifiëren. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Help me alsjeblieft om uw PRS-ORG-accountbibliotheek te vernieuwen om deze boeken te zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Klik op de twee pijlen die een cirkel-pictogram vormen om de synchronisatie te maken. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Na de synchronisatie zou u het boek moeten kunnen zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3 Neem uw tijd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik ben zo blij om dat te horen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
12:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder.
​Geef me alsjeblieft de kans om dit te vragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Wacht alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ja, u kunt het abonnement upgraden voor "PRS-ORG lezen en luisteren" English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Maar u wordt in rekening gebracht voor het verschil English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Nee, omdat het systeem zal detecteren dat u al een actief abonnement hebt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular as regards the conditions for the use of the different types of information referred to in Article 220(1).
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Hallo, bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
✗ Kunt u de e-mail in uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 kunt u mij meer informatie geven over uw probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​U kunt inloggen met uw PRS-ORG-account met behulp van de optie Log in met URL of met behulp van de optie Log in met PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​U hoeft alleen uw account toe te voegen via URL of PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ja, u moet op dezelfde manier inloggen via uw telefoon en e-reader. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Sorry, ik begrijp uw vraag niet. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
​Ik help u graag verder.
Aangenaam kennis te maken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Ik hoop dat u een geweldige dag heeft! English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Ik heb een e-book titel nodig om uw account te kunnen verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% Gratis Dating voor 50-plussers. Het spijt me, ik heb een e-book titel nodig om uw account te kunnen verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik kan uw account niet verifiëren met de opgegeven e-book titel. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
​​Geef me alstublieft een andere e-book titel in uw account. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Of ik kan een e-book aan uw account toevoegen en u kunt me de titel geven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Of ik kan een e-book toevoegen aan uw account en u kunt me de titel geven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. Mag ik dat doen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11 laat me het even controleren, een ogenblik alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
​Bedankt voor het wachten, controleer uw account, er is slechts één afschrijving van € 12,99, wat overeenkomt met een PRS-ORG PRS-ORG English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
kan de andere afschrijving niet zien English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
2 Heeft u nog een e-mailaccount gekoppeld aan PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​​​​​​U heeft mogelijk een ander abonnement bij hen Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10. Heeft u het ontvangstnummer van de afschrijving van 9,99? Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
👍 ok De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
2014/07/10 @ 19:40 Thank you for the information. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige regelgeving inzake de bescherming van de financiële belangen van de Gemeenschappen voldoende is.
1 ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik ben ernaar op zoek English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 minuut alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 minuut, ik ben het handleiding te bekijken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​De PRS-ORG heeft verschillende woordenboeken die u kunt toevoegen of verwijderen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​En natuurlijk heeft de PRS-ORG de woordenboekfunctie English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14: 15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure referred to in paragraph 2.
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder.
✎ Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de euro.
🙂 Oké, laat me de informatie van uw account controleren. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ogenblik alstublieft. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - Vakantiehuizen Atlas
👍Oké. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz - 105000-01
​In dit geval zal ik uw zaak doorgeven om te zien waarom u geen verbinding kunt maken met uw URL-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1 keer dat dit probleem is opgelost. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
​We nemen per e-mail contact met u op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
11-11-2021 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Krijgt u een foutmelding wanneer u de kaart probeert te wijzigen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are considered to be a significant threat to aquatic animal health.
100% begrepen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
In dit geval verwijder ik tijdelijk de huidige betalings- en factuurgegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
4. Voeg het daarna opnieuw toe door deze stappen te volgen: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular those listed in Part II of Annex IV, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those listed in Part II of Annex IV, where such diseases are subject to specific Union rules.
URL De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Is dat goed? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​De informatie is verwijderd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Voeg het opnieuw toe en het zou correct moeten worden weergegeven. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​Hoe gaat het? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ik heb zojuist mijn systeem vernieuwd en ik zie dat een nieuwe kaart is toegevoegd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me, maar we kunnen die informatie niet zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Er wordt vandaag een nieuwe poging gedaan om de afschrijving te doen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als de toegevoegde kaart correct is, moet de afschrijving correct worden uitgevoerd. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% correct. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als het niet werkt, zou u een andere e-mail moeten ontvangen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Op dit moment is creditcard de enige betaalmogelijkheid. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U kunt PRS-ORG gebruiken, maar alleen wanneer u het abonnement bij PRS-ORG hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U kunt later contact met ons opnemen als u wilt, gewoon om ervoor te zorgen dat het abonnement correct is afgerekend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ja, alstublieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Kan ik u op dit moment nog verder helpen?
10 Groot gelijkheids. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dan zou dat alles zijn van mijn kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
11-01-2021 Bedankt voor de informatie. Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorwaarden schept voor een verdere versterking van de economische en monetaire unie.
Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Laat me uw account verifiëren en ik zal u graag helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation systems.
1 Hoe kan ik u vandaag helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the region of the third country where the aquaculture products are produced, and the animal health status of the aquaculture production chain.
​​Het spijt me dat u problemen hebt met het opladen van de e-reader. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
📚 Wat is het model van de e-reader? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Bedankt. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrechtzorg
​​Ik stel voor dat u de e-reader bijwerkt door op het synchronisatiepictogram op de PRS-ORG e-reader te klikken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
👍 oké. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Als u de e-reader op de computer hebt aangesloten, dient u deze uit te schakelen ' De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. Voer vervolgens de update uit De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4 Na de update, laad het apparaat minimaal 3 uur op De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Als dit niet werkt, raad ik aan om de instellingen terug te zetten naar de fabrieksinstellingen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Maar probeer eerst de eerste stap De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-M. Ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ik heb uw verzoek ontvangen, ik zal mijn best doen om u te helpen dit zo goed mogelijk op te lossen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Welk apparaat gebruikt u om de aankoop te doen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 dank u, meneer. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2. Mag ik alstublieft het nummer onder het beschrijvingsgedeelte van uw PRS-ORG-betalingsgegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
10 Heel erg bedankt voor uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10. Het e-book is toegevoegd aan uw PRS-ORG, u zou het moeten kunnen zien. Vakantiehuis in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay huren? Vakantiehuis Frankrijk | Natuurhuisje.nl
10 Is er nog iets anders waar ik u vandaag mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Kunt u nu nog een keer controleren? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Ben blij dat ik kon helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik hoop dat u geniet van uw dag en bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Hallo NAME-N, English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
Geef me een moment om uw account te verifiëren en controleren wat er aan de hand is English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Om uw boeken op uw apparaat te zien, moet u uw account vernieuwen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Log gewoon uit/in English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
2. Probeer het alsjeblieft opnieuw. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ik heb zojuist het e-book in uw account geplaatst: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
14 Dank u dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende avond hebt Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Goedendag, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1 Moment alstublieft terwijl ik uw account verifieer. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
​Bedankt voor het wachten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
Als ik het goed heb begrepen, werd u twee keer in rekening gebracht voor hetzelfde boek? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Het spijt me te horen over dit probleem, ik zal u helpen. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
​Ik stuur het verzoek naar ons Vergoedingen Team. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Zodra ze het verwerken, wordt u per e-mail op de hoogte gesteld. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dank u, u ook. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het kan ons helpen om het uit te zoeken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ga alsjeblieft door met het proces, ik zal hier zijn. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​De boeken van PRS-ORG zullen er zijn, als u boeken hebt die niet van PRS-ORG zijn, zult u ze verliezen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Ja, of als u wilt, kan ik u blijven helpen via e-mail De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Ik zal u een e-mail sturen De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
✘ Dus we kunnen doorgaan daar De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de verstrekte informatie, ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Laat me uw PRS-ORG-account verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
Geef me alstublieft een moment. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Dank u voor het wachten, het spijt me, heeft u problemen om e-boeken van PRS-ORG-abonnement te krijgen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1. Oké, laat me even kijken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
24 februari 2021021 is het PRS-ORG-abonnement in rekening gebracht. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3. Probeer uit te loggen en in te loggen vanuit uw account op de e-reader. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 Bedankt, neem uw tijd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Nee, om uit te loggen, moet u naar de instellingen gaan en vervolgens Accounts selecteren, daar kunt u uitloggen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories authorised for the purposes of this Regulation.
10 Was u in staat om uw boeken te openen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
100% Gratis. Ja, als u verdere ondersteuning nodig heeft, neem dan alstublieft contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
15 januari,
15 januari Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures applied.
15 januari Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
3. Als u akkoord gaat, zal ik u in de wacht zetten om uw account te controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control measures applied.
Het duurt niet langer dan 2-3 minuten. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
15/01/2020 Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
15/01/21 11: 00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 ik hoop dat u een fijne dag hebt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
👋 English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
3. Voor beveiligingsdoeleinden, kunt u de datum van uw meest recente aankoop of de titel van een van de e-boeken / audioboeken in uw account bevestigen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Kunt u mij een schermafbeelding geven van de kosten die in uw account voor deze aankoop zijn gemaakt, alstublieft? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 Hartelijk bedankt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Geef me een momentje alsjeblieft. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Bedankt voor uw geduld. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Kunt u alstublieft een synchronisatie maken met uw account? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
13 Graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie, ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2. Geef me een moment om het account te verifiëren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​bedankt voor het wachten English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning detailed rules on the application of the provisions of this Chapter, in particular:
​​ik heb de informatie bekeken English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​het boek heeft een vaste opmaak
​​het formaat kan niet worden gewijzigd English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het wordt beschermd door het formaat van de uitgever. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​in dit geval kunnen we de aankoop terugbetalen als u de vormgeving van het boek niet leuk vindt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​​Het is meer een afbeelding dan tekst.
​Goedendag NAME-M, mijn excuses voor de problemen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
2. Ik help u graag vandaag. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
14,98 euro is betaald. Ik valideer de transactiegegevens. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1 ogenblik alstublieft. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
10 dank u voor uw geduld, ik ontdekte dat de transactie nog steeds door PRS-ORG wordt verwerkt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 weken geleden heb ik de boeken besteld. Echter, we willen niet dat u langer moet wachten op de boeken, dus ik heb ze aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 Synchroniseer om ze te zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Heel erg bedankt voor uw vriendelijke woorden, u hebt mijn dag goedgemaakt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Het was geweldig om u te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Kan ik u ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het is goed om dat te horen, NAME-M! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​U ontvangt binnenkort een enquête nadat de chat is gesloten, waarin mijn klantenservice zal worden beoordeeld, het zal ons enorm helpen om van u te horen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:00: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u ook een uitstekend weekend hebt! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Nogmaals bedankt, een fijne dag! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ik heb uw zaak gelezen en PRS-ORG-boeken kunnen alleen regelmatig van rechts naar links worden geswiped English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Op dit moment hebben we geen informatie of er op dit moment veranderingen zullen zijn Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
10 Dank u voor uw vriendelijke begrip. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14: 15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag NAME-F, mijn excuses voor de problemen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% tevredenheid is ons doel. We helpen u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Om er meteen naar te kijken, kunt u mij alstublieft de omschrijving geven die wordt weergegeven op de PRS-ORG-bevestiging? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union emblem and the conditions for the use of the Union symbol.
​U kunt ook een ander tabblad gebruiken als u het kunt doen, om het gesprek niet te verliezen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Heel erg bedankt, ik heb kunnen zien dat de transactie nog steeds door PRS-ORG wordt verwerkt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
2 weken geleden. We willen echter niet dat u langer wacht op het boek, daarom heb ik het aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
3. Synchroniseer om het te zien. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Het hangt af van de betalingsprovider. U kunt contact met hen opnemen om meer hulp te krijgen of u kunt ook een andere betaalmethode proberen om een probleem met het account uit te sluiten. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
however we zijn er altijd voor u in het geval dat verdere vragen rijzen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-F, het was geweldig om u te helpen! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Misschien met het andere boek? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
NAME-F, bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Ik wens u genieten van uw weekend. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Goedendag, bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
✗ Kunt u de e-mail in uw PRS-ORG-account opgeven? < English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
​Nee, helaas is het niet mogelijk om de bibliotheken te scheiden. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
​​Het spijt me daarvoor. Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature: 32 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - vacature - startpeople
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​Ik help u graag verder. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
ik begrijp dat u problemen hebt om een aankoop te voltooien Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
3. Zou u in staat zijn om een computer te gebruiken voor het volgende proces dat ik zal aanbevelen? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
1 ik begrijp het, het spijt me echt voor het ongemak. Ik kan mogelijk een oplossing bieden om dit probleem op te lossen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
3. Probeer de onderstaande stappen, bij voorkeur op een computer of laptop. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
● Incognito-modus gebruiken kan helpen om geen fouten op de webpagina te herhalen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​​​​​​Open een nieuwe PRS-ORG-zoekopdracht (andere webbrowsers kunnen problemen geven) De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
4. Activeer incognito-modus op de nieuwe PRS-ORG-zoekpagina. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 (U kunt de onderstaande stappen gebruiken om de incognito-modus te activeren) De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 U kunt ook een toetsenbord sneltoets gebruiken om een Incognito-venster te openen: De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG of Chrome OS: Druk op Ctrl + Shift + n. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Mac: Druk op ⌘ + Shift + n. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1. URL invoeren De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Meld u aan bij uw persoonlijke account op de PRS-ORG-webpagina. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Probeer de aankoop opnieuw te doen.
1 bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​Heeft u de juiste versie al gevonden? Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
Geweldig, in dat geval kan ik de terugbetaling verwerken als winkeltegoed voor uw PRS-ORG-account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
ould dat goed zijn? Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. In dit geval. Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
1 Ik zie dat de aankoop niet is verwerkt door onze betalingsprovider, wat meestal minimaal 2 uur duurt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2. Ik zal de transactie annuleren en het geld zal terugkeren naar uw account. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
100% graag gedaan. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Is er op dit moment nog iets waarmee ik u kan helpen?
100% goed. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Als er niets anders is waar ik u mee kan helpen, dan zou dat alles zijn van mijn kant. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Een heel fijne dag verder gewenst! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Bedankt NAME-F, laat me uw account controleren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Heeft u het omschrijvingsnummer van de PRS-ORG-bon van beide aankopen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1, ik begrijp het, maak u geen zorgen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
1 Ik zal het probleem doorsturen naar ons team dat verantwoordelijk is voor PRS-ORG-transacties, zodat ze de aankooppogingen kunnen verifiëren en eventuele terugbetalingen kunnen verwerken. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1maal de terugbetaling is verwerkt, nemen ze contact met u op via e-mail, is dat goed? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
4. Aangezien een ander team het probleem zal onderzoeken, kan ik u geen geschatte tijd geven. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
4. Zodra ze de tweede afschrijving controleren, nemen ze contact met u op via uw e-mailadres. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Geen probleem NAME-F. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2/ Ik zal uw zaak doorsturen naar ons team, is er nog iets waar ik u mee kan helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
2. Als u nog andere problemen of vragen heeft, neem dan opnieuw contact met ons op. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Uw ticketnummer is PHONENUMBER De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
12 dank dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salanque - Boek op Hotels.com
2 Heb ook een fijne avond. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
02 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
02 Ik help u graag verder.
02 ik kan uw boeken in uw account zien, als u wilt kan ik uw boeken overzetten naar een ander account dat u hebt of dat u maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% natuurlijk, geen zorgen, hier is wat informatie over dit proces: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​Uw boeken worden overgedragen, maar de aankoopgeschiedenis niet en het URL-account wordt ook gedeactiveerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
100% werkt het goed? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
10 Heel goed, geef me alstublieft een moment om het proces te starten. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​Het proces is voltooid, u hoeft alleen uw apparaat te synchroniseren, alstublieft. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
​Perfect, ik help u graag verder. Vacature: 36 uur p/w Verpleegkundige in Amsterdam - Amsterdam - Vacature vervuld
Kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag en een gelukkig nieuwjaar hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10 Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities, the control and eradication measures, the certification requirements and the monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of the measures taken.
2 Ik help u graag verder. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
2 minuten toestaan English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
10 Wilt u met hem praten, wat is zijn naam? |} English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
NAME-F is offline tijdens haar pauze. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
🇳🇱 Hoe kan ik u helpen? Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten een overschot hebben op de lopende rekening, de voorkeur verdient boven een situatie waarin de lidstaten een tekort op de lopende rekening hebben.
✗ Ze is offline in haar pauze English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
​U hebt boeken gekocht en deze worden niet geopend op uw e-reader? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of fishery products are permitted, and the conditions for such imports.
1. Het boek is uw bibliotheek. Vakantiehuis in de buurt van de zee in Saint-Jean-de-Luz
​​De procedure die u hebt uitgevoerd met NAME-F werkte als u het nu kunt lezen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Met vriendelijke groet, De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
14:15: Bedankt dat u contact hebt opgenomen met PRS-ORG, het was mij een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
ik hoop dat u het goed maakt. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2) of Directive 2006/88/EC, and the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of diseases other than those referred to in Article 1(2) of that Directive.
2. Laat me uw account verifiëren en ik zal u graag helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Dank u voor het wachten, het e-book dat u probeert over te zetten van de PRS-ORG-app naar de e-reader is gekocht bij PRS-ORG? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
👍 ok. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Als u bestanden naar de PRS-ORG e-reader wilt overbrengen, moet u PRS-ORG gebruiken door het op uw computer te installeren. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
bestanden kunnen niet synchroniseren vanuit de app omdat deze niet zijn gekocht bij PRS-ORG. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
Alle bijgewerkte bestanden moeten van de computer naar de e-reader worden overgedragen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
2 Mijn excuses voor het ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Kan ik u nog ergens anders mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
Gemeende dank. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​Bedankt dat u contact heeft opgenomen met PRS-ORG. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Een fijne dag verder. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
10. Dank u wel. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 Hallo, een ogenblik alstublieft English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the region or the zone concerned, the effectiveness of the control and monitoring measures applied by the third country, the effectiveness of the surveillance and early warning systems in place in the third country, and the effectiveness of the cooperation between the third country and the Union.
​Ik ben het aan het controleren Dutch: De Commissie is van mening dat de huidige situatie in de Europese Unie, waarin de meeste lidstaten de doodstraf hebben afgeschaft, een bijzondere gelegenheid biedt om de internationale gemeenschap te wijzen op de noodzaak om de doodstraf te veroordelen en te vervangen door andere straffen.
gebeurt dit wanneer u probeert te kopen op de website? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular with regard to the animal health status of the third country, the animal health status of the territory, zone or compartment, the surveillance and early warning systems in place, the diagnostic capabilities and the control and eradication measures in place.
🤔 Ok, het kan zijn dat aangezien we enkele beveiligingsfuncties hebben toegevoegd, het niet kan worden gedaan op de lezer English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
2 kunt u proberen de website te gebruiken om uw boeken te kopen? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Ja, u hoeft alleen uw apparaat te synchroniseren en het boek wordt weergegeven in uw bibliotheek, zorg ervoor dat u zich op de webpagina aanmeldt met hetzelfde account dat u op uw apparaat gebruikt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the criteria for the identification of the relevant markets and the determination of the relevant geographic markets.
​​we hebben enkele beveiligingsmaatregelen toegevoegd die niet beschikbaar zijn op de eReaders, dus waarschijnlijk is dat het probleem English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
​​Op de website moet u nu een captcha invullen voordat u koopt English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the establishment of the list of third countries and territories from which imports into the Union of the products referred to in Article 1(1) are authorised, and the conditions for such imports.
​​Ik stel voor dat u het vanaf nu op deze manier doet, mijn excuses voor het ongemak. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
Dat is geen probleem. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Germain-en-Laye - Boek op Hotels.com
​​kan ik u verder nog ergens mee helpen? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
12/06/2021 11: 45: 00 Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
Ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
​​Het spijt me, maar de betaling voor deze aankoop moet worden geverifieerd. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
4. Om uw aankoop te valideren, dient u mij te voorzien van: English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
1. Uw omschrijving nummer, dit staat in de transactiegegevens op het bankafschrift. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
2. De betaling is geverifieerd en het boek is toegevoegd. Synchroniseer uw apparaat en u zou het boek moeten kunnen openen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
3 U ontvangt een korte enquête via e-mail aan het einde van deze chat. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
Het duurt slechts een paar minuten om te voltooien en zal helpen om mijn klantenservice te beoordelen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u alvast. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
100% heel graag gedaan, het was een genoegen u vandaag te helpen. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
1000-dank en een fijne dag verder!
15 juni Bedankt voor de informatie. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 Kunt u mij meer informatie geven over uw probleem? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 1(2).
10 dank u wel! Vacature: 40 uur p/w magazijnmedewerker | Utrecht
2. Kunt u het omschrijvingnummer van uw aankoop opgeven? English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions for the use of the Union symbol of conformity and the conditions for the use of the CE marking in the case of products covered by this Regulation.
11 cijfers lang en staat meestal op de PRS-ORG-bon. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the conditions and criteria for the recognition of third countries, territories, zones or compartments as being free of aquatic animal diseases, in particular the diseases referred to in Article 4(1).
10 uitstekend! De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
1 ik heb uw boek aan uw bibliotheek toegevoegd, vernieuw of synchroniseer uw apparaten om het daar te zien. English: The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 227 concerning the detailed rules for the application of this Article, including the conditions for the use of the simplified procedure for the submission of the information referred to in paragraph 1.
1 Hallo, bent u er nog? De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
15/06/2021 Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG, it was my pleasure to assist you today.
1 ik hoop dat u een uitstekende dag hebt. De 10 beste hotels in Saint-Jean-de-Liversay - Boek op Hotels.com
