Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you by e-mail about my PRS-ORG.
My whole team was sold and I bought packages without doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified e-mail address no longer exists.
to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but it no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
of NAME-F
that's good
email address: EMAIL
no?
what should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where I can do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but did not receive it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
January 2, 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is anyone still here?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated on the payment
He's in the middle of it.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, at 52 euro but I can't download them as audio files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
A quick response please, as I have already paid
How long is a few minutes for you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app, but it's not downloading anything.
If your purchase information was not so defective, I would never have started this.
I would prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the website owners to remove the information?
That could help me in the future, if I might order something from ng.
I just logged out on advice and logged in again, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader
if I want to pay I am redirected to payment method which was never the case, very small illegible letters and then it asks do you know for sure that you want to cancel the sale
normally it was very simple to confirm a purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
remove everything first via website
re-enter and how to sync PRS-ORG
I'm referring to the e-reader
I'm going to try again for now thank you, if it doesn't work I'll contact mrgr
I will contact you about interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't log in to my account, and I can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can't log in anymore)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link does not come to my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that is correct.
And then I can't log in to that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'm going to try it right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w password.
It seems to be working now....
Yes, everything is fine!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is quite small.
Thanks for the help.
Making books accessible!
And close.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I don't have a download option in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that be the cause?
This concerns the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If everything is working properly, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
we only have Read now, View details, Mark as completed, Write review, and Delete.
Why has this been changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
In that case, the trial period has failed.
I can't open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It is about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I am always thrown out.
I can open the other books.
It is just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
It works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read a good book.
Thank you.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
In the meantime
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw it today
What about PRS-ORG points that I purchased from the Microsoft store for PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them, they say that I have to contact you.
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's talk first about purchasing PRS-ORG points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with the help desk, in English, but it did not go well.
Now I can no longer log in, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working on it for years now and would very much like to continue / have it resolved.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes please, then see if I can get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but it still doesn't work.
Created a 2nd account, it works.
Make sure that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Do you want to reset it again?
Yes, after a reset password now succeeded, thank you very much!
I am now checking if my game is in it..
But my game is not in there.
Can you help me with that as well?
Oh, I can see my orders in history.
Great, keep watching.
Thanks!!
no, in the browser
I can now, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have taken out a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on “try again” I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the playstation does not solve the problem either.
Re-downloading the app also did not work
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only that discount I don’t get automatically yet.
Additionally, I want to start playing the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from 22 September.
Don’t I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get 10% discount through that, I don't get an additional 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, even though that should be the case
How do I contact you about that?
And on September 22nd I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play this before 10 o'clock?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You have helped me.
But not your colleague.
I gave them a bad bad review.
In return I will give you a good one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I cannot access my transfer market on the web app.
It is going well, thank you.
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, I had that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I now have nothing and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason why I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches it still hasn't been successful.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment is processed.
But I cannot find the book again.
I have tried all kinds of things.
After that I picked another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment is processed.
But I can't find that book.
I've tried everything.
After that I bought another book and that went well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thanks for the quick help
It is next to it
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find them anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
bought my first ebook yesterday from URL: socrates on sneakers.
I've been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
Is this my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and got an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have already tried several cables and laptops, but the same everywhere.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/ synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you in advance for your response!
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books from laptop to reader via a cable, so I don't use the account for that
Then I do have the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can no longer connect it with pc?
The e-reader has been reset in the meantime, but it still does not make contact with the laptop.
The reader indicates that it is connected and that it is charging, but the laptop still says that access is refused.
USB device not recognized.
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories of other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
the title of a book is 'if you're so smart why aren't you rich?'
thanks NAME-M, have a nice day as well.
I'll let you know as soon as I find my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers do not recognize my e-reader either
I have already emptied the drivers and followed various advice that I found on the internet
i use the included cable, and even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that
my proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has dropped a bit because of this
tried the factory settings too.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the usb ports might help
but contact with PRS-ORG I find a better idea, because I don't have confidence that we will solve this ourselves
thanks.
I just looked quickly, but it's not in there.
the usb ports work perfectly
I contact PRS-ORG
thanks for your input
thank you NAME-M
no, I'll continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 Dagen Nederlander was the most recent ebook
good evening.
I will wait.
I already formulate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted some purchases shortly after buying them.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of e-books that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, that is what I mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read via my plus subscription.
So I assume that some e-books will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get money refunded
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days further and I haven't received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% didn't work
she indicated that she would simply make the payment and I would receive a refund of €30 within a few hours
unfortunately, I have not yet received anything on my account
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, that's fine.
Only I wonder that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication of when it will be credited, I will be more than happy.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit.
I am completely there and have bought all the new ebooks from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days that is clear.
So at the latest next Thursday
Thanks, you've helped me fine and I wish you a nice evening
I'll fill it in
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Quite often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
OK
But I can download other books for free, for example PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
Those 15 books is per month.
Must remove books read.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I do not see any repairing
Done.
I still pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But when a book is listed under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it at no cost.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
hello NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't get it loaded.
He indicates the following: Cannot load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
I didn't delete anything, however
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it to load.
It indicates the following: Unable to load the saved game.
The game was likely saved using data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
but I did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress.
I'm not sure if I understand it at all.
So I start a new game.
Then I will close.
But how do I copy the URL file then?
I'm going to try.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Sem
Yes, just a little patience
Typing is taking a long time
To play certain games, I need to sign up with a PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says it is already in use.
That's right, one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
I can't go any further.
What do I do?
The account is automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will see if I can do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
I of course wanted to take this NAME-M.
But since I checked his player details first my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness, so I already find it difficult to see which pick I indicate.
Definitely because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I’m seriously bored with this now.
Yes, a confirmation is indeed requested, but there is no game name with that, I guess?
I did take a photo to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
It just strikes me as very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, looking at his player bio.
Go back and then press X to select this player, but suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn’t matter, even though I would like to admit that the error was my fault when selecting and selecting ‘yes’ again.
But by then the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very sad this
Yes, you may do so.
And what could be the consequences of this?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink by NAME-M
i just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I saw there that my subscription expired since March 14 2018....!
I tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that my subscription has been terminated because the financial data did not match. ... But I don't understand that either, because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit was made.
Not that I know of.....in August 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 a month.
After half a year it turned out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don’t ask me how that’s possible... but 1 subscription was cancelled.
I then faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
the last payment was on December 14.....
December 14 2020
So reactivate PRS-ORG again?
I'm going to try that..... thanks in advance for your help...... if it doesn't work I will get back to you!!!
have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something went wrong here
sync
I am trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure he gets into my account?
thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be him
it is in my account
Thank you!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but everything will be alright
thanks for the help already
no, it is fine this way
Thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, right?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL and the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I do not know.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that there is a URL listed.
That is right.
And on the e-reader at settings (i.e. the device) EMAIL .
This last email address will soon expire and should therefore also be changed to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
It is important that it is also stated on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I don't understand.
I have to unsubscribe from the old email address in the device at settings/accounts subcategory PRS-ORG.
And then?
What do you mean with my email address NEAR?
Do I have to unsubscribe from the pocket category as well?
And now it says in adobe that I can withdraw my authorisation, with the old email address as well.
Does that automatically change?
And how do I log in?
Sorry, I'm really a digital ignoramus
And do I risk losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I didn’t receive a confirmation email, but the amount was reserved in my account.
This is from a different purchase today.
I did get this book
Hereby is the proof of my payment
Thanks for your reply.
They are these two books.
See the photo above
You can see in my account that I did not receive these two books
- Date the costs were charged: June 7, 2023
Amount: €24,98
- Postal code (of the billing address on the bank statement): our zip code is 3840.
See further data of payment in the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of the credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book 'De zevende zus' on the 6th of May at 20:05, but I cannot sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I do not see it in my account on PRS-ORG rekruten.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date immediately
Yes
Look it up..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
Go I.doen
I found the book!
:) Thanks a lot for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Did you see my screenshot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on grey.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
when I start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I've been experiencing this for a long time..
That is correct.
I have sent you a screen shot with my status.
this remains on grey and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc myself.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It is a pity (annoying) if I have to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
How unfortunate.
Do you know whether that will be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your answer, have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I would like to sign up now but this is not possible.
The verification code that was sent is also going to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option, but I didn't receive an email.
*not even unwanted
I have already tried that, but I didn't receive an email about it.
When I want to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account at that email address.
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (dad) here with NAME-F (daughter)
definitely.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Newly bought in any case
That is good, I'll wait
I do not believe that this is correct.
The code is not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because installing it on a PC at home isn’t possible.
So we haven’t gotten to inputting the code yet.
I bought a stand alone dvd player especially for this game this week!
I will try that.
will you wait a moment?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and don't get the game we ourselves have bought new installed.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription has been terminated before renewal, so the reminder is not appropriate.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already ended this, before the extension.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already ended
yes by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
in addition to this subscription, I do not have anything else running
PRS-ORG Reading &amp; listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I had already finished it before this period
Oh ok, they referred me back to you again
but I will contact them again
Thanks for the effort.
i understand
no it was
thanks, still working
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this through PRS-ORG and it was debited, but I have not received an e-book.
Ordered by phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my e-reader both are not there, I went through all the steps such as turning it off etc.
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going fine
If k leaves the chat, is this gone?
I have mobile banking
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it!
Thank you very much.
Best regards and wish you a great day
Hello, I have an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So, no more than a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official cover with it that it goes into sleep mode and it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the cover and placed it down.
When I then opened it (it has not fallen, not been moved and nothing has appeared on it.
He also didn’t get wet) the screen looked weird.
There is ‘sleep mode’ written at the top, then there is a part of the book to be seen in stripes and triangles, the cover, and somewhere there is still a vague ‘94% read’.
Vertical stripes can also be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the tr is still visible, when I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it's going to, but the explained image at the top remains constant.
What can I do and how is this possible after only a year??
Hello
EMAIL
And it is according to me a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late reply.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has had rest, we have already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, ah, that is strange.
I am sending it to you as a pdf, hopefully that works.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hi, my purchased e-book has not appeared in my library again.
Would you like to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Great!
Thank you.
Question: This happens every time though.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
The book has arrived by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it through PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
Have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I can no longer find my account via the login tab
Which is a real pity because it does take some money
Can this be undone?
Yes
My account is no longer existing
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M you should know that guy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Yes so you have put Knock out city for free but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it is free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG told me to contact you guys.
Yes okay thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, only in 2022 I didn’t get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again however I can't now in the web app, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I believe has happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
Can I still use the web app from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years just not 22.
you have all the information, hopefully
Hmm then my friends will have a head start because they can use the web app sooner, I doubt if I'm going to make it then
hmm too bad there is nothing to do, then I'm not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
I've been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week and I can't log in anymore
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that goes by that name
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
correct is in the PRS-ORG app
Thanks
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I will try that
thanks in advance
coming well, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to reboot my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
I had the problem that I did not get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I do not have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Book now 62.99 EUR.
When I started PRS-ORG the store was on the Netherlands, then there was an option to add it, but it said I had to go to the store in Belgium (I'm also in Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to
You can pre-load it as early as September 21st.
But I can't add it.
This is because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the gaming sector when it comes to purchases.
Because for example
In Belgium, you can't buy PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to be sure that I get that PRS-ORG version because I pay
who PRS-ORG specifically for this..
Okay.
I will see.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG transfermarkt account has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any infringements.
This has been communicated to your team 10 times, but the lock remains
I'm crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone, please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I really feel discouraged
Thanks, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there otherwise a phone number that I can contact?
Translation successful!
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem…
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just had something weird happen, I don't understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
It is no longer in my library
how is this possible?
True, but I just log in to PRS-ORG and I can see it there.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don’t see that
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Hello,
It is going well but I am really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can now start all over again and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing anymore.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently there is therefore a strange email address, as can be seen in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it well secured with 2 step verification, I already changed my PSN password.
Only the PRS-ORG account I can't enter, not even in the PRS-ORG app
OK
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had previously contacted my problem.
However, I got a phone call, which my contact broke off the conversation.
But now I am present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I couldn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke with made sure that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just says "loading", with a clock
My question is, can you help me to get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you and keep up the good work!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case Number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players sold
I have been waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this is going to take?
Yes, but I’ve been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wasn’t going to last this long
Can you check How long?
Because I am always told that I have to wait but no time indication
1 week was said to be 1 week now
And you can't see how long this will continue?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I'm going to assume this for now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being sung
PRS-ORG
Said
Was I never told very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So, I just have to wait
Wait
And doing nothing and just waiting
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I have forgotten my password.
I was logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via email or?
The linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it anymore
yes that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG froze
and restart
It turns out that the package I received from that sbc was sold quickly
and of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradeable
Yeah I would just like to have my prize from that SBC
I also added pictures of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my e-mail address is according to me EMAIL
and otherwise my old one, which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on the pc I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I've tried everything I found on the internet, but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I preordered the game but I have not been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but this is not possible
okay
Thanks for your help I'll just wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1, and they have not been deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from log in log in nothing helped
I am afraid I have lost my money!
Please can you help me
EMAIL
Hoebedoel je?
Okay, and then
But they say contact us
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear Sir/Madam,
I always played PRS-ORG on my Playstation but because it has now become crossplay I purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app, but I am automatically logged into my PRS-ORG PS account, which I don't want to use this year, I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now i have removed my playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now i can no longer log in to the web app at all
thank you
no I have never played on a pc with PRS-ORG, however, I am busy pre-loading PRS-ORG
ok so this is because i have never created an ultimate team on pc?
So if I do this when the game comes out can I use the web app completely?
damn that I now miss a lot of coins :(
It is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question about an update of an already outstanding request
It is about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that time, it was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take around 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
The question now was whether there would be an update, as I had still not received a response/compensation or the like for my “loss”
EMAIL 😊
Last week, every day the status was updated and remains under consideration.
Of course, it is a bit annoying to say the least, but that you yourself do not know exactly what still needs to be done or how far they are in doing it
Hopefully yes, the desire to play the game has been much less this past week
Anyway, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
unfortunately not haha!
i can no longer access division rivals
I can't access the server at all.
but i created a new ps5 account and it works on this
same for all my friends they can also play rivals
I've already done a restart and the whole help that is online
but unfortunately nothing
and it's been like this all day so i won't be able to get any rewards tomorrow either
is correct
super!
thank you very much in advance
I did get a market ban, I'm already considering it, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals, right?
ok so it is not weird that another account can on rivals?
can I also be there for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
ok great, then I will do that!
thanks in advance!
but should I worry about my divisions?
that just comes back in order?
are we really sure of that?
great, thank you so much!
have a nice evening and take care!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat with him, he dropped out.
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play
I have reset them but it does not help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if I can still do something about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And whether I might still be able to use something from a memory card or something; so that the game can play at normal speed.
I would love to hear from you, thank you in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car right; there is a certain delay.
So you will arrive faster at e.g.
the guard rail ends up in the right place instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah they are pretty high now (do you mean screen mode etc?
Oh super, thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And if not, I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thanks
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader through synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but it cannot be opened on the e-reader.
How can I fix that?
EMAIL
I think February 14th
No, I see 15 February.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be a problem with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work, contact us
Okay, I'll start working on it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I received them on the laptop.
I could not get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in these purchases.
Discussed with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint does it.
I also checked the second book.
It works.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up.
In any case, several books on mediation.
Among other things, the manual.
Well, I took out a subscription for 10 euro per a year or so ago
month.
I don't need that at the moment, but it is completely unclear to me how I can finish that.
I have been endlessly searching several times.
Yes.
I think that is very nice.
Maybe I will come back to pp some time, but I am not using it for now.
Very nice!
And arranged smoothly.
Thank you…
No, it's fine like this.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I cannot open them, I get a message that this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try it thank you I hope I get out of it
Thanks have a nice afternoon
Yes I am a computer illiterate it may take a while
Top he does it thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can't get rid of that.
I can’t find out how to do that either.
Please help.
EMAIL
no
It is not damage.
Yesterday I charged my PRS-ORG and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the little symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
I spend a lot of time and money on both every month
Without message and reason, my PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked
A request was created yesterday but now it says that the request is "pending" so I am curious if this will work out.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I have done nothing wrong and my confidence is gone and I am actually planning to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued to play while due to malfunctions of PRS-ORG my item got pushed and I didn't get the item and fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long will this take?
I'm pretty much done with it.. not after you but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see, but my trust is gone.
500 to 750 spent every month and I find that too risky if suddenly a block is put on it
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up quickly
Thanks for the fine and good help
Have a nice day too.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so I could access it
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so I must have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it's really like this
i just can't send proof
sorry sir
looked the wrong way
it is EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I've contacted you before because my account was hacked.
This has been solved in the meantime.
The hacker has only sold FUT players.
I don’t play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help fix this
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought it back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I'm explaining it all right because I don't play the game myself
My question is, whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my son plays that
no that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
i just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
Therefore, I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account doesn't need to be recovered, just my email address please
Top I got a code via my e-mail can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Top thank you very much!!!
Good morning, On Monday I bought a book through my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but get the message "Oeps!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file".
I have synchronized multiple times, but unfortunately it does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
This morning I downloaded a free book to see if I could open this, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
recovery, purchase via the site
I am busy with that now, but it will take a while, I see, I have to look for a WiFi password.
If it doesn't work, I'll try again.
Sure, I will try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can continue.
Have a great day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello I have the ereader of my late mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account, and I want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just what I pay every month on her account.
But I don’t get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card information to a new account
So remove information from EMAIL and enter it in a new account
Yesterday I changed the address details to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
Can I therefore not cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I can't get in?
That I could change on the ereader yesterday by the way.
I can't find those data anywhere now
Or if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire on her account?
Yes can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
That would help me a lot
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer in use.
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
Arrange it right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my PRS-ORG, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up my ww.
link copied to browser and then I can't continue with nw ww settings, how does it work?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
ok, I hear that I'll stay online
exactly
then I come in the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to be able to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I end up back at the PRS-ORG ww account help screen
Yes, I will do that
done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much for that.
now i'm going to see if i can find a list of grace e-books on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG can't open purchased ebook.
it is on the device but says it cannot open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it but it doesn't open.
also placed directly on the device via URL doesn't help either
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
nice
I don't have the option to unsubscribe from PRS-ORG
ok i did
Purchased and paid for audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
Was already washed last time
EMAIL
Today, just like
I did not receive the last purchase, no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and give my details
Bok van NAME-F
DescriptionPHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this has happened.
That is my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person has not yet received it but I have already paid 20 euro.
I haven't received a confirmation myself yet.
Can you find out what is going wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that is weird because the money has been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, it was thank you, have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - paid 2 x by mistake - 2 x 10 euro and nothing to receive, doesn't seem to add up, please help
EMAIL
the last one was on 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so 7 february
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer at 2 for 10 euro
I purchased the latter 2 last night
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
have to cut and paste
toppie books are in
thanks for this nice service
we love it here
no my day is good again thank you so much again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere anymore
EMAIL
17 January
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 pasnr.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is on it now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
