Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently got in touch with you via email regarding my PRS-ORG.
My entire team was sold and packages were bought without my knowledge.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords at the moment.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified email address no longer exists.
in order to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but it doesn't exist anymore.
that is the problem
PRS-ORG
from NAME-F
which is good
Email: EMAIL
no?
what should I do now?
create a new account?
closing it in the old way?
I can't find where to do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but I didn’t receive it.
Can someone contact?
EMAIL
2 January 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated during the payment
He's in the middle of it.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
This morning I bought the PRS-ORG (3 audio books by NAME-M, €52, but I can't download them as an audio file.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please respond quickly, as I have already paid
How long is a few minutes with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I have downloaded the PRS-ORG app, but it is not downloading anything.
If your information at purchase was not so deficient, I would never have started with this.
I would prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Perhaps you can have the people responsible for the website blacken the information?
That might help me in the future, if I should order something from ng.
Logged out on advice and logged in again, but still cannot pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
i buy from the ereader
when I want to pay I am redirected to the payment method which was never like that at all. very small illegible letters and then it asks do you know you want to cancel the sale
normally it was very simple to confirm purchase and done
so if I understand it correctly
remove everything via website first
re-entry and how to sync PRS-ORG
I'm talking about the e-reader
i'm going to try it again for now thank you and if it doesn't work i'll contact you mrgr
I am contacting you about the interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't log in to my account, and I can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can no longer access it)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or by NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, that is what I get.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link to that does not come to my mailbox.
Please include a history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I don't get into that account, nor can I reset my password.
It should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha! I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a password.
Now it seems to be working....
Yes, everything is fine!
That log-in screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
And close.
I try to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no option to download in my books under my account.
Could this be right?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could this be a factor?
This is regarding the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We have only Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review, and Clear.
Why has this been amended?
This was indeed possible, because there are articles about it on the internet.
In this case, the trial period has failed.
I can't open book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
This is about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I'm always thrown out.
I can open the other books.
It is just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!It works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read.
Thank you!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
Meanwhile
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG I saw today
What about PRS-ORG points that I purchased from the Microsoft store for PRS-ORG
Because if I contact them, they say that I have to contact you
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let’s first talk about purchasing PRS-ORG points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My EMAIL account with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
I contacted the helpdesk in English, but it didn’t go well.
Now I can no longer log in, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working on this for years now and would really like to continue / solve it.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please, then we’ll see if I can get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times already, but then it doesn't work out yet.
I created a 2nd account, it works.
Make sure my account NAME-N...URL is blocked?
Do you want to reset it again?
yes, after a reset password now succeeded, thanks so much!
I'm now checking if my game is in it too..
But my game is not there.
Can you help me with that?
Oh I can see my orders in the history.
Great, keep watching.
Thank you!!
No, in the browser.
I can now, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I signed up for a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start.
If I click on "try again" I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games work.
Rebooting the Playstation does not solve the problem.
Re-downloading the app didn't work either.
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, but that discount is not automatically added yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22nd.
Do I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG because you get 10% discount, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, although it should
How do I contact you about that?
And on September 22nd I can just download PRS-ORG in the playstation store and play it by 10 pm?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Your colleague does not.
I gave him a really bad bad review.
So, in return, I’ll give you a good one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is if you can arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
Going well thank you
Thanks, my psn name is ALPHANUMERICID
I did have that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I've played many matches already, and that is also the reason why I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches it still hasn't been accomplished
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find that book.
I have tried everything.
After that I picked up another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17, 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book again.
I have tried all sorts of things.
Afterwards I picked up another book and that went well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thanks for the quick help
It is listed
No that was all.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find them anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
Bought my first ebook yesterday from URL: socrates on sneakers.
I've been trying to get that on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
how do i get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
What library?
device?
is this my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hi, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I've already tried several cables and laptops, but the same thing always happens: it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates / synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have something to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much for the response!
Kind regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books from laptop to reader using a cable, so I don’t use the account for that
Does that mean I have the right version?
Could there be some other reason why I can no longer connect it with PC?
The e-reader has been reset in the meantime, but it still does not connect to the laptop.
The reader indicates that it is connected, but it also charging, but on the laptop it keeps stating that access is denied.
USB device not recognized...
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
already tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories of other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
The title of a book is 'If you are so smart, why are you not happy?'
thanks NAME-M, have a nice day too.
I'll let you know once you've found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers also do not recognize my e-reader
I have already emptied the drivers and followed various advices I found on the internet
I use the included cable, and I even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that
my proposal is to send it back because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want to go back to PRS-ORG, my trust in PRS-ORG has dropped a bit because of this
tried the factory settings as well.
This problem has been playing for a few months unfortunately.
resetting usb ports could still work
but contact with PRS-ORG I think a better idea, because I don't have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves
Thanks.
I quickly looked, but it's not in there.
the usb ports work perfectly further
I contact PRS-ORG
thanks for your input
thank you NAME-M
no, I will pick it up with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
Similarly
ebook
365 days dutchman was the most recent ebook
good evening
I will wait.
I'm already formulating my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 ebooks.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after I had made them.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and these are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of e-books that remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app, my e-books that I read via my plus subscription.
So I assume that some ebooks will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
Hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a pleasant evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get the money refunded
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
it's been a few days now and I still haven't received anything
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% was not working
she indicated to just make the payment and then I would receive a refund of 30 euros within a few hours
Unfortunately, I have not yet received anything in my account
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
Only I am amazed that you are going to repay my money and NAME-F also promised that.
I actually thought it would be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication of when it will be deposited, I will be more than satisfied
I would like to see the money deposited in my account and not as credit
I'm all in and bought all the new ebooks from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 work days that is clear.
So no later than next Thursday
Thanks, you helped me well and I wish you a nice evening
I will do that now
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How is that possible if I have an PRS-ORG subscription.
Ok
But I can download other books for free, e.g. PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
those 15 books is per month.
Needs to remove read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I do not see any repair.
Done
I still pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But when a book is listed under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it at no cost.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
hi NAME-M, I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I didn't delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I'll miss out on my progress.
NAME-F
I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get him loaded.
He displays the following message: Unable to load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, i have not deleted anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I will lose my progress.
I don’t know if I really understand.
So I start a new game.
Then I will shut down.
But how do I copy the URL file then?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, a little patience
Typing takes a long time
In order to play certain games, I have to log in with a PRS-ORG account.
If I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That is correct, one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
I can not go on.
What should I do?
The account was created automatically by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thank you very much for the help.
I will see if I can do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/numbersup NAME-M.
I obviously wanted to take this NAME-M.
But when I checked his player details first, my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
Unfortunately, I also have color blindness now, so I already have difficulty in seeing which pick I am indicating.
Especially since I was on NAME-M and it just bounces back.
I'm really bored with it now.
Yes, a confirmation has indeed been requested, but I don't think there's a player name with it?
I did take a photo to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
Just find it very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, looking at his player bio.
Go back and then press X to select this player, the choice suddenly changed to Tapsoba.
No, it does not matter, even though I like to admit that when selecting and selecting 'yes' again, the error was mine.
But then the ‘bug’ or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate
Yes you may do so.
And what could the consequences of this be?
OK
I just had a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink van NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She advised the same thing...I tried something but then the chat session was disconnected.
I saw there that my subscription expired on March 14 2018....!
When I tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that my subscription was terminated because the financial data was not correct...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last instalment was made.
Not that I know of..... in augustus 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After half a year, I found out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don’t ask me how that’s possible... but 1 subscription was cancelled.
I then paid my credit card bill faithfully every month.
the last debit was on December 14.....
December 14 2020
So reactivate PRS-ORG again?
I will try that.....thanks in advance for your help......if it does not work, I will come back!!!
have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I am trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
he is written off, but he is not in my account
can you make sure he gets into my account?
my thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be him
It is in my account
thanks!
I don't have my e-reader on hand
but it will all be fine
thanks for the help for now
no it is good as it is
Thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Weren't I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address is about to expire.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know that.
I only see that a URL is mentioned in my PRS-ORG account.
That is correct.
And on the ereader under settings (so the device) EMAIL .
The latter e-mail address will soon expire and should thus also be set to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
It is important that it is also mentioned on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I don't get it.
I have to unsubscribe from the old email address in the subsection PRS-ORG in the settings/accounts of the device.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD?
Do I also have to unsubscribe from the pocket section?
And with Adobe it now says retract approval with the old email address.
Will it be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digital peasant
And do I risk losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email, but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from a different purchase today.
I did get that book
Attached is proof of my payment
Thanks for your reply.
These are the two books.
See photo above
Can't you see from my account that I didn't receive those two books?
Date on which the charges were incurred: 7 June 2023
Amount: € 24,98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment data in the pictures below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Credit holder’s name: PRS-ORG
I bought the book by the seventh sister at 20:05 on the 6th of May, but I can't sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I also can't find it in my PRS-ORG recruits account.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date immediately
Yes
Look it up..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03u
Ga ik doen
I found the book!
:) Thanks a lot for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Did you see my screenshot
If I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
when I start PRS-ORG I can't connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a long time..
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot with my status.
it remains on gray and not online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packs (PS4) but I would like to play them on my PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on my PC.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It is a pity (annoying) if I have to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how sad.
Do you know whether that will be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress anywhere…
Hopefully in the future
Thank you for your answer and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to sign up now but I can't.
The verification code that was sent is also sent to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I did not receive an email.
*not even with unwanted
I have tried that, but I didn't receive any mail.
When I try to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account on that email address
But can I then create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I'm having trouble installing the PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
certainly.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Newly purchased in any case
That is good, I'll wait
This does not seem correct to me.
The code is not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because installing it on a PC at home isn’t possible.
So we haven’t even gotten around to inputting the code yet.
This week I bought a stand-alone dvd player especially for this game!
I will try that out.
will you wait a bit?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and don't get the game we ourselves have bought new installed.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription has ended before renewal, which is why the reminder is not appropriate.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already ended this one, before the extension.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated
yes via email NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription I have nothing else running
PRS-ORG Read &amp; Listen, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I had already finished this period
Ah ok, they referred me back to you.
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
I understand
No it was 't
thanks, works fine
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG, it has also been debited, but I have not received an ebook.
Ordered by phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my ereader, he's not there, I've gone through all the steps like switching off etc.
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going great
If the user leaves the chat, is it gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it!
Thank you so much.
Best regards and have a great day
Hello, I have a ereader from you since July 2022.
So, no more than a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official cover for it, which automatically puts it into sleep mode and it closes.
I have used the e-reader, closed the cover and put it down.
When I then opened it (it has not fallen, not been moved and nothing has appeared on it.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked weird.
At the top, it says Sleep Mode, then below there is a part of the book to be seen in stripes and triangles, the cover, and there is something else that says “94% read” in a blurry manner.
Vertical stripes can also be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the tr is still visible, when I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it's going on, but the explained image at the top remains constant.
What can I do, and how can this be after less than a year?
Hello
EMAIL
And it is, I believe, a PRS-ORG
Excuse for the late response.
Here is the picture of the screen.
The device has already been turned off, reset, etc., but it keeps doing this for no reason.
Good evening, ah, that is strange.
I am sending it to you as a pdf, hopefully that works.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased e-book is not in my library again.
Would you like to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Great!
Thank you.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
The book has arrived!
:)
Oh, great!
Then I’ll do it via PRS-ORG or something like that next time.
Thanks for the info.
Have a great evening!
Thanks, and I will
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
According to the login tab, my account cannot be found
Which is very unfortunate, because there is quite a bit of money in it
Can this be reversed?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M you should know that dude
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes, so you have made Knock out city free but I have paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city from PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I should contact you.
Yes, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, only in 2022 I didn’t get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again however I can't access the webapp, can you give me access to my account in the webapp?
This is what I think has happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I use the webapp from 23?
But I've played PRS-ORG for years, just not 22.
you have all the information, hopefully
Hmm, then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the web app sooner, I doubt if I'm going to make it then
hmm too bad there is nothing to do, then I won't get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Goodnight.
My name is NAME-M
Since last week, I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don’t have an email address that goes by that name
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type in that code
and I can't get that
is in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you.
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I'll try that
thanks
great, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Uh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to reboot my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I have started a new chat.
I was experiencing the issue that the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition was not showing in my game library using PRS-ORG
In the end, I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add him.
It says: Reserveer nu EUR 62.99.
When I launched PRS-ORG the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but it then said I had to go to the store iBelgiumië (I am also Belgium).
And I only see the Reserve option there...
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library so for example
It is possible to pre-load the game from 21 September.
But I can't add him.
This is because I live in Belgium and Belgium has changed some laws regarding purchases in the gaming sector.
Because e.g.
In Belgium, you cannot purchase PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to be sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I'm paying
who PRS-ORG specifically for this..
Okay.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG transfermarkt account has been locked for a month.
I have already said a thousand times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been passed on to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I get crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I call someone, please?
EMAIL
This has been challenged dozens of times
Without result...
I really feel discouraged
Thanks, I really hope you can help me.
Is there otherwise a telephone number I can contact?
Thanks!
Hopefully they can do something about this…
Translate the following Dutch text:
No, hopefully with this problem…
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just had an strange experience, I don't understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
He's no longer in my library
how can this be?
Correct, but I just logged into PRS-ORG and I can see it there.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see it
EMAIL
No, fine like this.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hello,
It is going well but I am very disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a foreign email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can start all over again now, and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently there is a strange email address attached, as can be seen in the annex.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I was well secured with 2 step verification, I have already changed my PSN password.
I can't log in to my PRS-ORG account, neither in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem.
However, I got a phone call, which caused my contact to interrupt the conversation.
But now I am back!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I didn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to must have made sure that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it only says "loading" with a clock
My question is, can you help me to get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
Meanwhile, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All good.
I know enough then.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No way, that was it!
Thank you and work on it further!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players sold
I've been waiting for more than a week now and I was wondering how long this will take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wasn't going to last that long
Can you check How long?
Because I am always told to wait but there is no time indication.
1 week was said to be 1 week now
And you can’t see how long it will continue?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I'm going to work on this now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being sung to me
PRS-ORG
Said
Was I never told very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case.
So I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume business you have to wait again?
Maybe a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Waiting
And doing nothing and just waiting
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I have forgotten my password.
I was logged out of my account, so I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
by mail or?
the associated email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
yes, that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good.
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG froze
I restart
It turns out the package I got out of that SBC is quickly sold
And you understand of course that I would never sell it if it is not tradeable
Yeah, I would just like to have my prize from that SBC
I also added pictures of what the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is I THINK EMAIL
or my old one, and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on PC
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc, I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I've tried everything I found on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I preordered the game but I haven't been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but it does not work
Okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just wait and see
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1, and they were not deposited into my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from sign in sign out, nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Please help me
EMAIL
Do you mean Hoeb?
Okay, and then
But they say contact your
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my Playstation, but since it now has crossplay, I bought eaplay pro so I can play PRS-ORG on my PC.
I now want to start with the ultimate team with the web app, but I am automatically directed to my PRS-ORG Playstation account, which I don't want to use this year. I want to use my PRS-ORG (pc) account for ultimate team
now i have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG because they are no longer linked to each other and now i can't log in to the web app at all
thank you
no I have never played on a pc with PRS-ORG, but I am busy preloading PRS-ORG
ok so this is because i have never created an ultimate team on pc?
So if I do this when the game comes out can I use the webapp fully?
damn that I now miss many coins :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question regarding an update of an already pending request
It is about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that point, a specialist team was sent to investigate and it took them around 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was just whether there was a possible update since I still had not received a response/compensation or the like for my “loss”
EMAIL 😊
The past week it was indeed every day updated that the status is updated and remains under consideration.
Of course it gets a bit annoying to say the least when you yourself don't really know exactly what else needs to be done or how far along they are in that
Hopefully it is, the urge to play the game has been far less this past week
In any case, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
i no longer have access to division rivals
I get no access to the server all the time
but i created a new PS5 account and it works on that
same for all my friends they can play rivals too
I've done a restart and all the help that is online
but unfortunately nothing
and it has been like this all day so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow eitherµ
is correct
super!
thank you very much in advance
I got a market ban, which I'm already considering, but this shouldn't have anything to do with Rivals?
okay so it is not strange that another account can be on rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfermarkt ban perteoval?
EMAIL
Okay great, I will do that!
thanks in advance
but should i be worried about my divisions?
does it just come back in order?
are we sure of that?
great, thank you very much!
have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was in a chat with him, and then he just disappeared.
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I have reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance at l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
Where do I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer, so I was wondering if I can still do something with this; or that my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I could possibly use something from a memory card or something; by which the game can play at normal speed.
I look forward to hearing from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game, but when I play the game, the picture is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car right, there is a certain delay.
So you get there faster in e.g.
the guardrail ends up in the right place, instead of on the road
Do you know how I can see this?
Oh, they are set pretty high now (you mean screen mode etc?
Oh super thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And otherwise I will find you; you respond quickly, adequately and kindly.
Thank you!
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but it is not possible to open it on the ereader.
How can I fix that?
EMAIL
I believe it's February 14th.
Oh no, February 15th I see.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be a problem with the file.
Try to sync and if it fails, get in touch
Okay, let's get started now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Purchased two books on Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I got them on the laptop.
I was not able to get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in these purchases.
You went through it earlier this afternoon with a colleague.
Logged out, logged in.
And no results yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint is doing fine.
I also checked the second book.
It works too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing more, I’m going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look that up.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things the manual.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euros per year, or a little longer, back
month.
I do not need that at the moment, but it is completely unclear to me how I can finish that.
I've been endlessly searching several times.
Yes.
I find that very nice.
I may come back to PP after a while, but for now I am not using it.
Very nice!
And it was arranged smoothly.
Thank you…
No, that's fine.
Again, thank you and have a nice evening.
I have received my PRS-ORG today and have taken a PRS-ORG subscription through PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but cannot open them. I get a message that this document cannot be opened. Am I doing something wrong?
EMAIL
5 January
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try thanks you I hope I can get out of it
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes, I'm a computer illiterate, it might take some time
Top he does it thanks
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can't get rid of it.
I also can’t find how to do it.
I need help.
EMAIL
No
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and afterwards the light did not work anymore.
I must have pressed something
That didn’t help.
There is also a line through the little symbol.
All because there is a slash through my light symbol?
Is there not a simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both, I invest a lot of time and money every month.
Without message and reason my PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked
Yesterday a request was made, but now it says 'resume' next to that request, so I'm curious if that will go well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this as I am now missing out on all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavy disappointed because I have done nothing wrong and my confidence is gone and I am actually planning to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even kept on playing while because of disturbances from PRS-ORG I tilted my item and didn't get the item and fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long will that take?
I am pretty much done with this. Not with you, but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I will have to see but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 there every month and I think that's too risky if suddenly a block is put on it
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up quickly.
Thanks for the fine and good help
Have a nice day too.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
created a new email on the PRS_ORG app, so I could
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so I must have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it's really like this
I just can't send proof
sorry sir
looked the wrong way
it is EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I've contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has since been resolved.
Only the hacker has sold players in FUT.
I don’t play the game myself but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help fix this
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought it back, but now he has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I explain it well at all, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague.
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my son is playing with it
No, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been fixed
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my e-mail address, but the site sends a security code to my old e-mail that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account does not need to be restored, just my e-mail address please.
Top I got a code via my email can I use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Top thank you very much!!!
Good morning, on Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oops!
The document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file".
I have synchronized several times, but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I could open it, PRS-ORG
correct
downloading from the site,
repair, purchase via the site
I’m doing that now, but it takes a while, I see. I have to find a Wi-Fi password.
If it doesn't work this way, I will register again.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can go on again.
Good day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the e-reader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes, indeed.
And delete the data from her account.
Just what I pay every month on her account.
But I don't get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I'm not quite sure what you mean.
So I cannot cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't get in?
I was able to change this on the e-reader yesterday.
I can't find this data anywhere now
Or if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire on her account?
Can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the data to my own account?
With that, you are helping me enormously
You are a hero!
All data can be removed.
Her account is no longer in use.
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
Take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my PRS-ORG password, received an email from PRS-ORG to reset my password.
link copied to browser and then I can't continue with nw ww settings, how does it work?
EMAIL
There is nothing in my library, I wanted to start with it
ok, I hear you, I'll stay online
exactly
then I get to the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to be able to create a new ww via the link in the email
then I end up back at the PRS-ORG WW account reset screen
yes I will do that
done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much.
now I'm going to see if I can find an overview with grace ebooks on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased ebook.
it is on the device, but it says it can't open this document.
rebooted and downloaded but it doesn't open it.
placed via URL directly on the device also does not help
EMAIL
how can i do that, i bought an ebook this morning via URL
fine
I did not opt out of the PRS-ORG option
okay, I did it
Purchased and paid for audiobook.
Nothing in library.
Something went wrong.
I did it last time as well
EMAIL
Today, not even
I did not receive the last purchase, no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and give my name
Bok van NAME-F
DescriptionPHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
That is my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person hasn't received it yet but I have already paid 20 euro.
I have not yet received a confirmation myself.
Can you find out what is going wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has been debited, indeed
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, it was thanks, nice weekend
I ordered 2 books last night - due to an error, I paid 2x - 2x 10 euro and nothing to receive, doesn't seem right to me, I would appreciate help in this
EMAIL
the last one was on 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so 7 february
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer, 2 for 10 euros
I bought the latter 2 last night.
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
have to cut and paste
toppie books are in
thank you for this nice service
we love it here
no my day is good again thank you again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday through the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anymore
EMAIL
17 January
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot due to security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 pass no. 017
Okay, thank you.
The book is on it now though :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
