Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via email about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my entire team has been sold and packages have been bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have currently changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified email address no longer exists.
to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that is the problem
PRS-ORG
by NAME-F
That's fine
Email address: EMAIL
no?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where I can do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but I did not receive it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
January 2 2021
Title of the book is NAME-M
Is there anyone left?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pass no.013
This is with the payment
It is in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
This morning I bought the PRS-ORG (3 audiobooks by NAME-M, €52 each, but I can't get them downloaded as sound files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please send a quick response, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it doesn't download anything.
If your purchase information had not been so flawed, I would never have started here.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the people responsible for the website to update the information?
That could help me in the future, if I should order something.
Logged out on advice and logged in again, but still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the ereader
When I want to pay I am redirected to the payment method which was never the case. Very small unreadable letters and then it asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
So if I understand correctly
first delete everything via website
re-enter and how does PRS-ORG sync
I did it with the e-reader
I'm going to try it again for now thank you if it doesn't work I'll contact you mrgr
I'm contacting you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't access my account, and I also can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can't get in anymore)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or by NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, that's what I get.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link to that does not come to my mailbox.
Please add the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't get into that account or reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
Aha! I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, temporarily the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w pword.
Now it seems to work...
Yes, everything is fine!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is quite small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
Over and close.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I don't have a download option in my books under my account.
Could this be right?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a 1 month trial period.
Could that be the reason?
It concerns the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all is right, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
we only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Done, Write Review, and Delete.
Why has this changed?
This was possible because there are articles about it on the internet.
Then in this case the trial period has failed.
i can't open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I'm being kicked out every time.
I can open the other books.
It's only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!it works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read a nice book.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon now
Meanwhile
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw today
What about PRS-ORG points I purchased from PRS-ORG microsoft store?
Because when I contact them they say I should contact you
I want a refund
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's talk first about the PRS-ORG points purchases
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I've been working on it for years and now I really want to continue / resolve it.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please do, then see if I can get my game back as well.
ALPHANUMERICID
Already a few times, but then it still doesn't work.
Created a 2nd account, it works.
I noticed that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Do you still want to reset it?
Yes, after a password reset, it worked, thank you so much!
I'll check if my game is there now..
But my game is not in there.
Can you help me with that?
Oh, I do see in the history my orders.
Great, let me continue to look.
Thanks!
No, in browser
I can do it now, thank you very much again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I subscribed to PRS-ORG for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on "try again" I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Rebooting the Playstation does not solve the problem either
Re-downloading the app doesn't work either
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only I don't get that discount automatically yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG starting from September 22.
Won't I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get 10% discount through that, I don't get another 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription even though I should
How do I contact them about this?
And on September 22, I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play this for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to have my date of birth changed
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave him a bad bad review .
You, on the other hand, I give a good one.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I cannot access my transfer market on the web app.
Everything is going well, thank you!
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yes, on PRS-ORG I had that.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it has not opened yet.
I've played a lot of matches already and that's also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches it still hasn't been successful
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have tried all sorts of things.
After that I ordered another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021, NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
Have already tried everything.
After that, I bought another book and it worked fine.
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's there
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find it anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
bought my first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I've been trying to get it all day on the new e-reader...
PRS-ORG??
How do I get my ebook on it?
As long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hi, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have tried several cables and laptops, but everywhere the same thing.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/ synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thanks in advance for the response!
Regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use the account for that.
Then I have the right version?
Is there then another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
Ereader has been reset in the meantime, but it still does not make contact with the laptop.
The reader shows that it is connected indeed and it also charges, but on the laptop it remains that access is denied.
USB device not recognized...
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried a lot of different things (different/new cable, different computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories of other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
Title of a book is 'If you are so smart, why aren't you happy?'
thanks NAME-M, also a nice day for you.
I will find out as soon as you have found my account.
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not the case
other computers also do not recognize my eReader
I already cleared the drivers and followed the advice I found on the internet.
I use the cable provided, and have even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's also not there
My proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has fallen a bit because of this I notice
tried factory settings as well.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the USB ports could still be an option
But contact with PRS-ORG I find a better idea, because I do not have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves.
thanks.
I quickly looked, but it's not in there.
the usb ports are working perfectly so far
I will contact PRS-ORG.
thanks for your input
thank you NAME-M
no, I will deal with PRS-ORG from now on
Have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 days Dutch was the most recent e-book
good evening.
I'll wait.
I anticipate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 ebooks.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after purchase.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of ebooks that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks through PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my Plus subscription.
So I assume that a number of still visible e-books are also on my PRS-ORG?
Hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get money refunded
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days further now and I haven't received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need.
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% wasn't working
she indicated to just make the purchase and then I would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
unfortunately I haven't received anything on my account yet
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes fine.
Only I wonder why you are going to refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would already be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication of when it will be credited, I will be more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
I am completely with you and have purchased all the new ebooks of goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 business days that is clear.
So next Thursday at the latest
Thanks, you've helped me well and wish you a nice evening
Great, I'm going to fill that in.
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
Ok
But I can download other books for free, e.g. PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
those 15 books, that is per month.
I must remove books that have been read.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don't see a repair
done
I still pay for recommended books.
I know not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is listed as PRS-ORG, you would assume that you can download it for free.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I haven't deleted anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then, of course, I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't load it.
It says: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game is saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
However, I have not deleted anything
and this is for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I obviously lose my progress.
I don't know if I understand it completely.
So I start a new game.
Then I save it.
But how do I copy the URL file then?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a bit of patience
Typing takes a long time
In order to play certain games, I have to sign up with a PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That's right, there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account is automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email, so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will see if I can manage.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice of UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/numbersup NAME-M.
I of course wanted to take this NAME-M.
But since I first checked his player data, my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness so I already have a hard time seeing which pick I indicate.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I'm really bored with it now.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but that does not show the player's name, I think?
I had taken a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as proof here?
Too bad.
Just find it very remarkable that I stand on NAME-M, look at his player bio.
I went back and then pressed X to choose this player, but suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter. Although I have to admit that when I selected and selected 'yes' again, the error was indeed my fault.
But then the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate this
Yes, you can do that.
And what could be the consequences of this?
Okay
I just had a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink from NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I did see that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018....!
Then tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription has been terminated because the financial data was incorrect...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
The last debit was in December 2020.
Not that I know of.....in August 2017 I purchased the e-reader and concluded a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After half a year, it turned out that I had a subscription to both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... Don't ask me how that's possible.... but one subscription has been canceled.
Then I dutifully paid every month with the credit card.
The last debit was on December 14th.....
December 14 2020
So activate it again at PRS-ORG?
I will try that.... thanks in advance for your help..... if it doesn't work, I will get back to you!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I'm trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
It has been written off, but it is not in my account
Can you make sure it comes in my account?
thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
That must be it.
it's in my account
thank you!
I don't have my e-reader on hand
But it will be fine.
thanks for the help for now
no it's all good
thanks!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Wasn't I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL, the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the ereader device?
I don't know that.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that there is URL listed.
Correct.
And on the e-reader at settings (so the device) EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should also be changed to EMAIL .
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, is it important that PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the e-reader device?
I don't get it.
Do I have to log out of the old email address in the device at Settings/Accounts subsection PRS-ORG.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address in the neighborhood?
Do I have to log out at the pocket section?
And at Adobe, it now says withdrawal after authorization with the old email address.
Will that be changed automatically?
And how should I log in?
Sorry, I'm really a digital dunce
And do I risk losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I didn't receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did get this book
Enclosed is proof of my payment
Thanks for your answer.
These are the two books.
See the photo above
After all, you can see in my account that I did not get those two books
- Date on which the costs were charged: June 7, 2023
Amount: € 24.98
- Postal code (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details in the photos below.
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- name of the credit card holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book The Seventh Sister on May 6 at 20:05, but I can't synchronise it with my PRS-ORG ereader and I don't see it in my account of PRS-ORG recruits.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that the puppy at home
I can't immediately find the date
Yes
Search it up..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I'll do that.
I found the book!
:) Thank you very much for the quick help!
No, it's not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I'm NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Have you seen my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status stays on gray.
I can't change this, I have tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I have been experiencing this for quite some time..
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot with my status.
it remains on gray and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG packs (PS4) but I would like to play them on my PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game myself on PC.
But I was hoping to use my account in both places.
It would be a waste (frustrating) if I have to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that might be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your answer and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account in a long time.
I wanted to sign in now but it doesn't work.
The verification code sent also goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I did not receive an email.
* not even on unwanted
I've tried that, but I haven't received an email about it.
When I try to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account on that email address
But can I then create a new account at the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in-store.
I have the installation code
I'm NAME-M (dad) here with NAME-F (daughter)
Certainly.
The code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Newly bought in any case
That's fine, I'll wait
This seems wrong to me.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can check if the code works?
Because at home, installing it on the PC doesn't work at all.
So we haven't gotten to entering the code yet.
This week I bought a stand-alone DVD player especially for this game!
I'll try that.
Do you want to wait a moment?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC.
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and cannot get the game we bought new ourselves installed.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still had something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that it will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled before the renewal, making the reminder invalid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already canceled it before the renewal.
But now I am getting a payment reminder for the period for which I had already ended
yes by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription, I don't have anything else going on
PRS-ORG Reading &amp; Listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€12.99
but I had already canceled it for this period
Ah, okay, they referred me back to you
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
I understand.
no, that's all
thanks, still working
Yesterday I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG and it was also debited, but I have not received an e-book.
Ordered by phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my e-reader he is not there, I have gone through all the steps as in turn off etc etc
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going fine
If I leave the chat, is it gone?
Have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 card number.014
It's on there!
Thanks a lot.
Regards and have a great day
Hello, I have had an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year yet.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official hoejse with which it automatically goes into sleep mode when he closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the cover and put it down.
When I opened it again (it has not fallen, been moved or anything has sat on it.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked weird.
In the top left corner you can still see it's in sleep mode. Then there's still part of the book to be seen in strips and triangles, the cover, and somewhere it still says "94% read".
There are also vertical streaks to be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the t remains visible, when I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going to turn on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how can this happen after only a year?
Hello
EMAIL
And I think it is a PRS-ORG
Excuse the late reply.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has been left alone, I've already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, ah that's strange.
I'm sending it to you as a pdf now, hopefully that will work out.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not reappeared in my library.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Super!
Thanks.
Question: This happens every time, however.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
Book has arrived by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG next time.
Thanks for the info.
And have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account can no longer be found according to the login tab.
Which is very unfortunate because there is quite a bit of money in it
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
Or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M you should know that guy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes so you guys have put Knock out city for free but I paid for that.
Okay so, I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I had to contact you.
Yes ok thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row only in 2022 I haven't gotten PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't log in to the web app now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I then enter webapp from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years, only not 22.
you have all the information as it should be
Hmm, then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the webapp earlier, I doubt if I will be able to get it then
hmm too bad there's nothing that can be done, then I'm not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good night,
My name is NAME-M
I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can no longer log in.
the screenshot I shared shows that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that is called like that
I log in via Facebook, then it recognizes the mail address EMAIL.
and then you have to type that code
and I can't get that
correct is in the PRS-ORG app
Danku
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in 1x per month or?
I will try that
thank you in advance
Comes well, you also wished the best.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Oops, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
In fact, I had the problem that I couldn't get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end, I had to delete my caches in %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was an option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I am also in Belgium).
And there I see only the Reserve option...
Okay, but some of my friends already have it in their library, e.g.
I have already been able to pre-load it since September 21st.
But I can't add it.
Is this because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the gaming sector for purchases.
Because for example
In Belgium, you can't buy PRS-ORGs because of these new laws.
I just want to make sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I'm paying, after all.
that PRS-ORG especially for that..
Okay.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any offenses.
This has been passed on to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone, please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result…
I really get discouraged
Thanks, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there any phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thanks!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just experienced something weird, I don't understand anything.
I log into my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG on.
He is no longer in my library
how can this be?
True, but I just log in to PRS-ORG, and I see it there.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see it
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hey.
I'm doing well, but I'm pretty upset.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked to it, and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can start all over again now and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently there is a strange email address, as shown in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it secured with 2-step verification, I have already changed my PSN password.
Only the PRS-ORG account I can't log in, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had contacted my problem before.
However, I received a phone call, which caused my contact to disconnect the call.
But now I'm here again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to has apparently ensured that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansions.
If I click on the game, it just stays "loading" with a clock
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was all!
Thank you and work them further!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I have been waiting for more than a week now and wondered how long this will take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wasn't going to take that long.
Can you check how long?
Because I am always told to wait, but there is no time indication.
1 week was said that is now 1 week
And you can't see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'm assuming that now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But I'm not getting any of this.
PRS-ORG
Said
Was never told very unprofessional, right?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So now I have to wait another week?
Why isn't this communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Wait
And do nothing and just wait
Ok, bye, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I forgot my password.
I have been logged out of my account, so I can't do anything now
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via e-mail or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
yes, that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
I reboot
It turns out that the package I got out of that SBC was quickly sold
And of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradable.
Yeah, I would like to just get my prize out of that sbc.
I also added pictures of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is supposed to be EMAIL
or otherwise my old one which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc, I always get the message Secure boot is not enabled
I have tried everything on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I haven't been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but I can't
Okay
Thanks for your help, I'll wait and see.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
May I ask your first name?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I purchased PRS-ORG coins on January 1, and it has not been deposited into my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in, nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay, and then
But they say contact them
Okay, thanks, I will do so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but since it has now become cross-play I have purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
Now I want to start on ultimate team with the web app only, but I automatically end up on my PRS-ORG PlayStation account, which I don't want to use this year. I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now I have removed my playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can't log in to the web app at all
thank you
no, I have never played on a pc with PRS-ORG, but I'm preloading PRS-ORG now
okay so this is because I have never created an ultimate team on the pc?
So if I do this when the game comes out, can I use the web app fully?
drat that I'm now missing a lot of coins :(
It is clear to me, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question regarding an update of a previously open request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that time, it was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there might be an update since I still haven't received a response/compensation or the like for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
The past week indeed showed every day that the status was updated and remains under consideration.
Of course, it's a bit annoying to say the least, but you yourself don't really know what exactly still needs to be done or how far they are in that
Hopefully, the desire to play the game has been much less the past week
In any case, thanks for your effort.
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
i no longer have access to division rivals
I have no access to the server all the time.
But I created a new PS5 account and it works on it.
the same for all my friends they can still play rivals
I have already done a restart and all the help that is online.
but unfortunately nothing
and it's been like this all day now, so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow either
correct
Great!
thank you in advance
I did get a market ban, I'm already considering it, but this shouldn't be related to rivals?
Okay, so it's not weird that another account can access rivals?
Can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
Okay, great, I'll do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
but I shouldn't worry about my divisions?
that it just comes back in order?
We are definitely sure of that?
great, thank you in advance!
Have a nice evening and goodbye!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat and he dropped out.
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2 making it difficult to play
I have reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2 making it difficult to play
Where can I find the controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if there is anything I can do about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I possibly can still use something from a memory card or something; so that the game can play at normal speed.
I would love to hear from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car right; there is a certain delay.
Which means you can get there faster in e.g.
the guardrail ends up in the ditch instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah, those are quite high now (you mean screen mode, etc?
Oh great, thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thank you
Hello, I bought a book and added it to my e-reader through synchronization.
Also, I want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it cannot be opened on the e-reader.
How can I fix that?
EMAIL
I think it's February 14th.
Oh no, I see it's February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it fails, get in touch
Okay, I'm going to work with it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
Got them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the e-reader.
Then completely gone.
Not even in dfe purchases.
Discussed with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crossroad does it.
I also check the second book.
It also works.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Quick Service.
Thanks!
Nothing else, I'm going to enjoy reading.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was definitely half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I took out a subscription for 10 euros per year or a bit longer
month.
At the moment I don't need that, but it is completely unclear to me how I can end it.
I've been endlessly searching several times already.
Yes.
I think that's very nice.
Perhaps I will return to pp some time, but I won't use it for a while.
Very nice!
And it was arranged quickly.
Thank you
No, fine like this.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I have received my PRS-ORG today and taken a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but can't open them, I get a message that this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try, thank you hope I get it out
Thanks have a nice afternoon
Yes I'm a computer illiterate it may take a while
Great, it's working, thank you.
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the symbol of the light and I can't get rid of it.
Also can't find how to do that.
Please help.
EMAIL
no
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light wouldn't turn on.
I must have pressed on something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I spend a lot of time and money every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without message and reason
A request was created yesterday but now it says "resume" that request, so I'm curious if that will work out well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this as I am now missing all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I have done nothing wrong that my confidence is gone and I am actually thinking of cancelling all memberships and deleting everything
I even continued playing while due to PRS-ORG's outage I did not get my item and fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they made yesterday?
And you have to wait 10 days?
Okay and how long will that take?
I'm pretty fed up with it, not with you, but with the situation.
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I find that too risky if suddenly a block is put on it.
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up soon
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day as well.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app, allowing me to access it.
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
So I must have a new account on that email address.
EMAIL
well it is really like this
I just can't send proof
sorry sir
looked wrong
It's EMAIL.
That's it
Sorry for the mistake
All right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I had contact earlier because my account was hacked.
That has been fixed in the meantime.
Only the hacker sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help restore this
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought them back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I'm not sure if I explained it all correctly, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
Yes, my son plays that.
no, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been solved
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but then the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it.
My old email address was EMAIL but I want to change it to EMAIL
My account does not need to be recovered, just my email address please
Great, I received a code via my email, can I use this to change my email now?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thank you so much!!!
Good morning, on Monday I bought a book through my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
Something may be wrong with the file".
I have synchronized several times but unfortunately it does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
recovery, purchase via the site
I am dealing with this now, but it takes a while to find the wifi password.
If it doesn't work that way, I'll report back.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can continue.
Have a great day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the e-reader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you transfer the credit card details to a new account?
So remove information from EMAIL and enter it on a new account
Yesterday I changed the address details to 1432 PB (my address), her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't access it?
That I could change by the way yesterday on the e-reader.
I can't find those data anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, will it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link it to my own account?
That would be a big help
You're a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer in use.
All right.
Thank you very much.
I'll take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my PRS-ORG, received an email from PRS-ORG to set up ww on.
link copied to browser and then I can't proceed with nw ww set up, how does it work?
EMAIL
There is nothing in my bieb yet, I wanted to start with it
Okay, I'll stay online.
exactly
then I get into the PRS-ORG help screen
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I get out of PRS-ORG help screen set up account again
yes, I will do that
done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much for that.
now I'm going to see if I can find an overview of free ebooks on PRS-ORG
thank you again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased e-book.
it is on the device, but says that it cannot open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it but it doesn't open it.
also placed via URL directly on the device does not help either.
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an e-book this morning via URL
fine
I don't have the option to sign out from PRS-ORG
ok i did
Purchased and paid for an audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Went wrong.
Was last time as well
EMAIL
Today, not even
I did not get the last purchase, no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and enter my details
Boek by NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
That is my mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person has not received it yet but I have already paid 20 euros.
I have not received a confirmation myself either.
Can you find out what goes wrong?
EMAIL
the last gift card is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has indeed been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it, thank you, have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - due to error I paid twice - 2 x 10 euro and received nothing, seems to me not to be true, please help me in this
EMAIL
the latter was 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so February 7.
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale from 2 for 10 euro
I purchased the latter 2 last night
It's coming up
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
must cut and paste a bit
my top books have arrived
Thanks for this nice service
we are happy again
no my day is good again thank you again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of security policies
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 card no. 017
Okay, thank you.
The book is there now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
