Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via email about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my entire team has been sold and packages have been bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have currently changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified email address no longer exists.
to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
van NAME-F
That's good
e-mail address: EMAIL
No?
what should I do now?
Create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where to do that at URL.
I paid for a book, but did not receive it.
Can someone contact me?
EMAIL
January 2 2021
Title of the book is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pass no. 013
This is with the payment
It's in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
This morning I bought the PRS-ORG (3 audiobooks by NAME-M, 52 euro but I can't download them as an audio file.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please reply quickly, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it's not downloading anything.
If your purchase information was not so flawed, I would never have started here.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can make the people responsible for the website correct the information?
That could help me in the future, if I should order something.
I just logged out on advice and logged in again, but still cannot pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader
When I want to pay, I am directed to the payment method, which was never the case. It is a very small, illegible font, and then it asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
First delete everything via website
enter it again and how do I sync PRS-ORG
I do it with the e-reader
I'm going to try again for now, thank you. If it doesn't work, I'll contact you.
I'm contacting you about the interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and also can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can't log in anymore)
PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link does not come in my mailbox.
Please add the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't get into that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha! I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, for now the entry via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w password.
Now it seems to work...
Yes, everything is fine!
That login screen from PRS-ORG is pretty small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
Over and close.
I'm trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that be affecting it?
The following purchase is concerned: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Done, Write Review and Clear.
Why has this changed?
This was possible, as there are articles about this on the internet.
Then at this point the trial period has failed.
I can't open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It concerns PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I get kicked out all the time.
I can open the other books.
It is only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!It works again.
Thank you
No.
I am going to read.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
Meanwhile
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw that today.
What about PRS-ORG points that I purchased from the microsoft store from PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them they say I have to contact you
I want a refund
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's first talk about the PRS-ORG points purchases
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with the helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can no longer log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I've been dealing with this for years and now I really want to get further/have it resolved.
What a pleasure to be able to type in Dutch.
Yes, I would like that, then I will see if I can get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but then it still doesn't work.
I created a 2nd account, it does work.
Did I notice that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Would you like to reset it again?
Yes, after a password reset, I was able to log in now, thank you very much!
I will now check if my game is also there..
But my game is not in it.
Can you help me with that as well?
Oh but I can see my orders in history.
Great, go ahead and keep looking.
Thank you!!
No, in browser
I can now, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app, it gives an error message and does not start up.
When I click on "try again" I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the Playstation does not solve the problem either.
Not re-downloading the app either
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only I don't get that discount automatically yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
Don't I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG with the 10% discount that I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, even though that should be the case.
How do I contact them about this?
And on September 22, I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave him a very bad bad review.
I give you a good one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
Going well, thanks for you?
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, I had that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console, I have nothing now and on the web app it hasn't opened yet.
I've played a lot of matches already and that's also the reason I wanted to ask.
Because after playing so many matches it still hasn't worked out
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried all kinds of things.
After that I bought another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I've tried everything.
After that, I ordered another book and it worked out well.
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's next to it
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have a ereader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find it anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
bought my first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I've been trying to get that on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
How do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
Is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and got an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hi, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer make contact with a laptop.
I've tried several cords and laptops, but it's always the same... it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a failure.
I can also no longer perform updates / synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much in advance for the response!
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader, so I don't use the account for that.
Then I do have the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
E-reader has been reset in the meantime, but still does not make contact with laptop.
On the reader it says that it is connected, yes, and it is also charging, but on the laptop it remains that access has been refused.
USB device is not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories of other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
Title of a book is 'if you are so smart, why are you not happy?'
thanks NAME-M, also a nice day for you.
I'll let you know once you find my account.
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not the cable
other computers also do not recognize my e-reader
I already emptied the drivers and followed several tips I found on the internet
I use the included cable, and even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
That's not it either
My suggestion is to send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want to return a PRS-ORG, my trust in PRS-ORG has dropped a bit because of this.
tried factory settings as well.
this problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting USB ports could still work
But contact with PRS-ORG seems like a better idea to me, because I don't have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves.
Thanks.
I looked quickly, but it's not in there.
the USB ports work perfectly otherwise
I will contact PRS-ORG
Thanks for thinking along
thank you NAME-M
no, I will continue with PRS-ORG
Have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 days Dutch was the most recent ebook
Good evening.
I'll wait.
I anticipate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after purchasing.
I saved these 102 e-books and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of e-books that will remain visible before I have to archive, if that is even necessary?
102 e-books through PRS-ORG, I mean.
Ok, but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my Plus subscription.
So I assume that some of the inconvenient ebooks will also remain visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still receive a refund
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
We are a few days further and I have not received anything yet.
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% was not working
she indicated to just do the cancellation and then I would receive 30 euros refunded within a few hours
unfortunately I have not received anything on my account yet
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
I'm just wondering why you're going to refund my money and NAME-F, who also promised that.
I actually thought it would be on my account on Monday already :)
If you can give me a rough indication when it is credited, I am more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit.
I'm completely new and bought all the new ebooks of goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 business days that is clear.
So by next Thursday at the latest
Thanks, you've helped me fine and wish you a nice evening
Great, I'm going to fill that out
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says that I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
Ok
But I can download other books for free, such as PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
those 15 books are per month.
Must is gelezen boeken verwijderen.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Reset?
I don't see a repair.
done
I still pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it without any costs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it to load.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I have not deleted anything
and this is for all my saved games.
I could start a new game, however.
But then I will of course lose my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I just can't load it.
It says: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game is saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, I have not deleted anything
and this for all my saved games.
I can start a new game.
But then I naturally lose my progress.
I don't know if I understand it all.
So I start a new game.
Then I save.
But how do I copy the URL file then?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, a moment of patience
Typing takes a long time
In order to play certain games, I have to sign up with a PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says it's already in use.
That's right, there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will see if I can manage it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice of UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
Of course, I wanted to take this NAME-M.
But because I first checked his player data, my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
Unfortunately, I now also suffer from color blindness, so I already have a hard time seeing which pick I indicate.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I'm getting really bored with this now.
Yes, there is indeed a confirmation required, but there is no player name there, I think?
I had taken a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as proof here?
Too bad.
I just find it very remarkable that I'm on NAME-M, looking at his player bio.
I went back and then pressed X to choose this player, but suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter, although I'd like to admit that the mistake was on my side when I selected and selected 'yes' again.
But by then the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate
Yes, you can do that.
And what could be the consequences of this?
Ok
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
ring-a-ding-ding from NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was interrupted.
I saw that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018....!
When I tried to log in via URL and I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that my subscription has been cancelled somewhere because the financial data was incorrect ...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit was made.
Not that I know of.....in August 2017 I bought the e-reader and subscribed for €9€9,99 a month.
After six months, it turned out that I had a subscription at both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don't ask me how that's possible... but one subscription has been cancelled.
Then I dutifully paid every month with the credit card.
The last debit was on December 14th.....
December 14 2020
So reactivate it at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that..... thanks in advance for your help...... if it doesn't work I'll be in touch again!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I have been trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure he comes in my account?
thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
That must be it
it is in my account
thanks!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but it will be okay
thanks for the help for now
no it's fine
thanks!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Wasn't I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL, the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know.
I can only see in my PRS-ORG account that URL is listed.
That's right.
And on the e-reader in settings (i.e. the device) EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should therefore also be changed to EMAIL.
I mean
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, is it important that it is also mentioned on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I don't understand.
I have to log out of the old email address on the device under settings/accounts subheading PRS-ORG.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I also have to log out of the Pocket section?
And now, in adobe, the withdrawal of the authorization is also using the old email address.
Is that automatically changed?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digital illiterate
And am I at risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is still visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from a different purchase today.
I did get this book
Enclosed is proof of my payment
Thank you for your reply.
These are the two books.
See photo above
Surely you can see in my account that I did not get those two books
- Date on which the costs were charged: June 7, 2023
Amount: €24.98
- Postcode (from the billing address on the bank statement) our postcode is 3840.
See further payment details on the pictures below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of the credit card holder: PRS-ORG
On the 6th of May at 20:05u I bought the book van de zevende zus, but I can't synchronise it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I don't see it in my account on PRS-ORG rekruten.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date right away
Yes
Look it up for a moment.
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I will do that.
I found the book!
:) Thank you so much for the quick help!
No, it is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem?
Have you seen my screenshot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't change this, I have tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I've been dealing with this for a long time now..
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot of my status.
this remains gray and not online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the pc.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc myself.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It would be a pity (annoying) if I had to start all over again now.
I'm attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that can be in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your reply and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account in a long time.
I wanted to sign in now but it doesn't work.
The verification code sent also goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option, but I didn't receive an email.
*Also not at unwanted
I've already tried that but I'm not getting any emails here.
When I want to create a new one, I get a message that an account already exists with that email address
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in store.
I have the installation code.
I am NAME-M (dad) I am sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
Definitely.
The code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Newly bought in any case
That's fine, I'll wait a bit.
This seems to me not correct.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because at home it doesn't work to install it on the PC.
So we haven't gotten to entering the code yet.
I bought a stand-alone DVD player specifically for this game this week!
I'm going to try that.
Do you want to wait a while?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and can't get the game installed that we bought new ourselves.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I have received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled before renewal, which is why the reminder is not valid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
Process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already cancelled it before the renewal.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated.
yes by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
I don't have any other subscriptions running
PRS-ORG Read &amp; listen, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I had already cancelled it for this period
Ah, ok, they referred me back to you
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
I understand
No, that was it.
thanks, it still works
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG and it was also debited, but I have not received an e-book.
Ordered via telephone.
But when I log in to my phone or on my e-reader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps as in turn off etc.
EMAIL
20 and book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you my day is going fine
If I leave the chat, will it disappear?
Have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 card no. 014
It's on it!
Thank you so much.
Regards and have a great day
Hello, I have an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So less than a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official hoejse with it that it automatically goes into sleep mode and it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I opened it (it did not fall, it was not moved and nothing got on it.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked strange.
In the upper corner, you can still see it is in sleep mode, then there is still part of the book to be seen in stripes and triangles, the cover, and it still says somewhere "94% read".
There are also vertical streaks visible.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the stripes will stay on the screen, when I turn it on again, something changes on the screen as if it is going to turn on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how is this possible after only a year?
Hello
EMAIL
And I think it's a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late response.
Attached is a photo of the screen.
The device has already had rest, I have already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, ah that's weird.
I'm sending it to you as a pdf now, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Great!
Thanks.
Question: This happens every time though.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
Book is here by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
And have a good evening!
Thanks and I will
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account can no longer be found according to the login tab
So that's very unfortunate because there's quite a bit of money in it
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
Or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M, surely you know that dude.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes so you guys put Knock out city for free but I paid for it there.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city from PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I had to contact you.
Yes, ok, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again however I can't log in to the web app, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I enter the web app from 23 then?
But I played PRS-ORG for years, only 22 not.
you guys have all the information as far as I know
Hmm then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the web app earlier, I'm not sure if I will get it then
hmm too bad there's nothing I can do, then I won't get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can no longer log in.
In the screenshot I shared, you can see that the codes are being sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that is called that
I log in via Facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
Is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I will try that
thanks in advance
Ok, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Oh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
In fact, I had the problem that I didn't get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end, I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming, and then check if it worked.
I have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store in Belgium (I'm also in Belgium).
And there I see only the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to e.g.
Already pre-loading since September 21st.
But I can't add it.
Is this because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the gaming sector when it comes to purchases.
Because, for example.
In Belgium you cannot buy PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to make sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I'm paying.
that PRS-ORG specifically for that..
Okay.
I will see
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone in person.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any offenses.
This has been passed on to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I'm really getting discouraged.
Thank you, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there any phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just did something weird, I don't understand anything about it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
Is it no longer in my library
how can this happen?
That's right, but I just logged into PRS-ORG and I can see it there.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see that
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well but I'm really upset.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can now start all over again and I am a passionate amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
So there is currently a strange email address, as shown in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it well protected with 2-step verification, my PSN password I already changed.
Only the PRS-ORG account I can't access, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted you about my problem earlier.
However, I received a phone call, which caused my contact to break the conversation.
But now I'm back!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I couldn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to seems to have ensured that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still can't find any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just says "loading" with a clock.
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that there is no more loading
ALPHANUMERICID
Absolutely.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you and work them further!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
My case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I have been waiting for more than a week now and wondered how long this will take.
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn't take that long
Can you check how long?
Because I am always told to wait but there is no time indication.
1 week was said that it is now 1 week
And you can't see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'll assume that from now on
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But I'm not getting this.
PRS-ORG
Said
I was never told, very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So now I have to wait another week?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you will have to wait again?
Maybe a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Wait.
And do nothing and just wait.
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I have forgotten my password.
I'm logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
Via email or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
Yes, that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
I restart
It turns out that the package I got from that sbc was quickly sold out.
and of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradeable
Yeah, I would like to just have my price out of that sbc.
I have also added photos of what the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is apparently EMAIL
and otherwise my old one and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc, I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I tried everything I found on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I preordered the game but I haven't been able to play it yet
And I would like to play, but I can't
okay
Thanks for your help, I'll wait and see then.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1st and it hasn't been deposited into my PRS-ORG account.
I followed all the steps from logging in logging out nothing helped
I am afraid I have lost my money!
Please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay, and then
But they say contact us
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but now that it has become cross-play, I purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
Now I want to start early on Ultimate Team with the web app, but I'm automatically logged in to my PRS-ORG playstation account, which I don't want to use this year. I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for Ultimate Team.
now I have removed my Playstation account on PRS-ORG that are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app
thank you
no, never played PRS-ORG on pc, but I am busy pre-loading PRS-ORG
Okay, so this is because I have never created an ultimate team on the PC?
If I do this when the game comes out, can I fully use the web app?
what a nuisance, I'm missing a lot of coins :(
it is clear for me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question regarding an update of a previously open request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that time it was said that a specialized team was going to investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there was possibly an update since I still haven't received a response/compensation or the like for my "loss".
EMAIL 😊
The past week, every day, there was an update that the status is updated and is still under review.
Of course I'm a bit tired of it, but you yourself don't really know exactly what else needs to be done or how far they are in that
Hopefully so, the desire to play the game has been much less over the past week.
In any case, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I can't access the server at all.
But I created a new PS5 account and it works on this one.
the same for all my friends they can also still play rivals
I have already done a restart and all the help that is online.
But unfortunately, nothing
and it's been like this all day so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow either.
Correct
Amazing!
thank you very much
I did get a market ban there, I am currently already considering it, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals?
Okay, so it's not strange that another account can access rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
okay, great, I will do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
but should I be concerned about my divisions?
That just comes back in order?
Are we sure about that?
Great, thanks in advance!
good evening and have a great day!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat with him, but he disconnected.
My controllers have a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I have reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I wondered if there was anything I could do about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I can possibly use something from a memory card or something; which will allow the game to play at normal speed.
I'd love to hear from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game, the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay in that.
Making it so you can get to, for example,
end up on the guardrail instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah they are quite high now (you mean screen mode, etc?
Oh great thanks!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thank you
Hi, I bought a book and put it on the ereader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it can't be opened on the e-reader.
How can I fix that?
EMAIL
I think it is February 14th.
Oh no, I see it's 15 February.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it fails, please contact us.
Okay, I'll get started on it now
It worked!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday two books purchased.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I got them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in dfe purchases.
Discussed with a colleague of yours earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And still no results.
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint does it.
I will also check the second book.
It also works.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That is certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up again.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euros per
month.
I don't need that right now, but it's completely unclear to me how I can end it.
I've been endlessly searching several times already.
Yes.
I think that's very nice.
Maybe I will come back to pp again in some time, but I won't use it for a while now.
Very nice!
And everything was handled smoothly.
Thank you...
No, it's fine like this.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but cannot open them, I get a message that this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try, thank you hope I get it out
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes I am a computer illiterate it may take a while
Great, it worked, thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can't get rid of it.
I also can't find how to do that.
Please help.
EMAIL
no
It's not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed on something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Isn't there an easier solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I have been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I put a lot of time and money every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without any message or reason
A request was created yesterday but now it says "resume" that request, so I'm curious if that goes well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I'm so heavily disappointed because I haven't done anything wrong and I lost all my confidence, I actually plan to cancel all my memberships and delete everything
I even continued to play while due to PRS-ORG's outage I missed my item and fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long will it take?
I'm pretty done with it, not you, but the situation.
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see, but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I think it's too risky if suddenly a block is put on it.
Okay I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up soon.
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day too.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app allowing me to access it.
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so I must have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it's really true
I just can't send evidence
sorry sir
looked wrong
it's EMAIL
that's him
Sorry for the mistake.
All right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have already contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has since been resolved.
However, the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help fix this
The hack has sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought them back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account.
I don't know if I'm explaining it all correctly, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the time before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I have received a reference number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
Yes, my son plays that.
No, that is not necessary.
the problems caused by the hack have already been fixed
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but then the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it.
My old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account does not need to be restored, just my email address please
Great, I received a code via my email, can I use this to change my email now?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great, thank you so much!!!
Good morning, I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG" on Monday, I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oeps!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file".
I have synchronized several times but unfortunately it does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
restore, purchase through the site
I'm on it now, but it takes a while, I see, I have to look for a wifi password.
If it doesn't work that way, I will report back.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can continue.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello I have the ereader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and I want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
Nobody knows her password.
Can you transfer the credit card details to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account.
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address), her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't really understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't get in?
By the way, I could change that on the e-reader yesterday.
I can't find those details anywhere now.
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, does it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link it to my own account?
That would help me a lot
You're a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer in use.
All good.
Thank you.
I will arrange it immediately.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my PRS-ORG password, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up my ww password.
link copied to browser and then I can't proceed with nw ww setting, how does it work?
EMAIL
there's nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
Okay, I'll stay online.
exactly
then I get into the PRS-ORG help screen
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I come to the PRS-ORG help screen reset ww account
Yes, I will do that.
Done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much.
Now I'm going to see if I can find a list of free ebooks on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased ebook.
it is on the device, but it says it cannot open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it but it doesn't open.
also placed directly on the device via URL does not help either
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
fine
I do not have the option PRS-ORG sign out
Okay I did
Purchased and paid for an audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Went something wrong.
Was the case last time too
EMAIL
Today, just now
I have not received the last purchase, no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and enter my details
Book by NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this has happened.
It's my mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday, but that person has not yet received it, but I have already paid 20 euros.
I also haven't received a confirmation yet.
Can you find out what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has been debited indeed
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it, thank you, have a nice weekend
Ordered 2 books last night - paid twice due to an error - 2x 10 euro and did not receive anything, doesn't seem to be right, I would like help with this
EMAIL
the last one was January 16 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so February 7
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer for 2 for 10 euros
I purchased these last 2 last night.
is on the way
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
must cut and paste
top books arrived
thank you for this nice service
we are happy again
no, my day is good again, thank you once again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday through the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I cannot take a screenshot due to the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 card number.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is there now :)
No, thanks, have a nice day!
