Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you by e-mail about my PRS-ORG.
My entire team was sold here and packages were purchased without my doing so myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all of my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified e-mail address no longer exists.
in order to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
by NAME-F
that is good
e-mail address: EMAIL
no?
what should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where to do that in the URL.
I paid for a book, but did not receive it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
2 January 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is anyone else still here?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated at the time of payment
He stands between them.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, 52 euro but I can't download them as an audio file.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please reply quickly, because I have already paid
How long is a couple of minutes with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I have downloaded the PRS-ORG app, but it does not download anything.
If your purchase information was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the people responsible for the website to correct the information?
That could help me in the future, if I order something from ng.
I just logged out on advice and logged in again, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
i buy from the ereader
when I want to pay I am redirected to the payment method, which was never the case. Very small unreadable letters and then it asks if you are sure that you want to cancel the sale
normally it was very simple to confirm a purchase and done
so I understand correctly
First, delete everything via website
re-entry and how to sync PRS-ORG
I am using the ereader
I will try it again now, thanks, and if it doesn't work, I'll contact you
I'm contacting you regarding the interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and can't reset the password either.
EMAIL (but I can't log in anymore)
NAME-F’s PRS-ORG.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes I do.
account is not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for this does not come into my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And I can't log in on that account or reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, for now the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a new w word.
Now it seems to be working....
Yes, all fine!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thanks for the help.
Making books accessible!
and click OK.
I am trying to upload e-books to our pocketbook, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be correct?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a one-month trial period.
Could that be a factor?
This is for the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review, and Clear.
Why has this been amended?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
In that case, the trial has failed.
I can no longer open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It’s about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I keep getting kicked out.
I can open the other books.
It is only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!it is working again.
Thank you!
No.
I’m going to read a book.
Thank you!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meanwhile
By now
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw that today.
What about the PRS-ORG points I purchased from the microsoft store of PRS-ORG
Because if I contact them they say that I have to contact you
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's first talk about purchasing PRS-ORG points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with the helpdesk, in English, but it didn’t go well.
Now I can't login at all, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working on it for years now and would very much like to continue / have it solved.
How nice that you can type in Dutch.
Yes, please. Afterwards, I will see if I can get my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A couple of times already, but then it does not work yet.
I created a 2nd account, works fine.
Did I hear correctly that my account NAME-N...URL is blocked?
Do you still want to reset it?
yes, after a reset password now successful, thank you so much!
I'm checking if my game is also in it now..
But my game is not in there.
Can you help me with that as well?
Oh I can see my orders in history.
Super, keep looking.
Thanks!!
No, in the browser
I can now move again, thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have concluded a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app, it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on 'try again' I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the playstation does not solve the problem
Also did not download the app again
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only that discount doesn't automatically show up yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from 22 September.
Do I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get a discount of 10% that way, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, although that should be the case
How do I contact you about this?
And on September 22 I can just download PRS-ORG in the playstation store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thanks a bunch.
You have helped me.
But not your colleague.
I gave them a terrible bad review.
To you, I'll give a good one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I cannot access my transfer market on the web app.
It's going well thank you
Thank you, my psn name is ALPHANUMERICID
I did have that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing now and on web app it is not yet open.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason why I wanted to ask
Because after so many matches, it still hasn't been successful
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried everything.
Afterwards I recommended a different book and that went well
EMAIL
17 May 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find that book.
I've tried all sorts of things.
After that I picked another book and that went well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thanks for the quick help
It is alongside it.
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an ereader PRS-ORG.
I have installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can’t find them on the e-reader.
EMAIL
Yesterday I bought the first ebook at URL: socrates on sneakers.
I've been trying to get that on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and got an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect it to a laptop.
I have already tried several cables and laptops, but it is always the same thing.. it says that the usb device is not recognized and caused a fault.
I can also no longer perform updates / synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use it for that account
Is this the correct version?
Could there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
Ereader has been reset in the meantime, but it still doesn’t make contact with the laptop.
The reader indicates that it is connected and also charging, but on the laptop it still says that access is denied.
Usb device not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by the computer.
tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
the title of a book is 'if you're so smart why aren't you happy?'
thank NAME-M, a nice day for you too.
I will let you know once you have found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it is not there
other computers don't recognize my e-reader
I've already emptied the drivers and followed several tips I found on the internet.
I use the supplied cable, and I have even tried the cable of another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that
my proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has fallen a bit because of this
tried the factory settings too.
This problem has been occurring for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the usb ports could still be an option
but contact with PRS-ORG is a better idea, because I don't have confidence that we will solve this ourselves
thanks.
I quickly looked, but it's not in there.
the usb ports work perfectly further
I'll contact PRS-ORG.
thanks for the cooperation
thank you NAME-M
No, I'll continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 dagen nederlander was the most recent e-book.
good evening.
I will wait.
I anticipate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted some of the purchases shortly after I had made them.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of ebooks that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, that is what I mean.
ok but i don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app my e-books are stored that I read via my plus subscription.
So I assume that some ebooks will also remain visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you very much!
Have a good evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get money refunded
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
a few days have gone by and I haven't received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need.
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my 30% discount code wasn't working
she indicated to simply make the payment and then I would receive the 30 euros back within a few hours
sadly, I haven't received anything on my account yet
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, alright.
Only I am surprised that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F also promised that.
I actually thought it would be on my account on monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication when it will be credited I will be more than satisfied
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as a credit
I am completely with it and have purchased all the new ebooks from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days that is clear.
So by next Thursday at the latest.
Thanks, you helped me fine and have a nice evening
I'll do that
unknown_issue
I see recommendations from PRS-ORG.
Very often I tap a book and then it says that I have to pay.
How can that be if I have an PRS-ORG subscription.
OK
But I can download other books for free, for example PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
15 books is that per month.
Should delete read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I do not see fixing
Done
I still pay for recommendations.
I know not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you may assume that you can download it at no cost.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I cannot get it to load.
It displays the following: Cannot load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer installed on this computer
i didn't remove anything, though
and this for all of my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I try to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I don't get it loaded.
It gives the following: Can't load the saved game.
The game was likely saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, I have not deleted anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I will lose my progress, of course.
I'm not sure I fully understand.
So I start a new game.
Then I turn off.
But how do I copy the URL file then?
I will try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a moment
Typing takes a long time
In order to play some games, I need to sign in with a PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That's right, there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
But the verification code is sent to @URL.
I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will see if I can manage.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
I had the choice from UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
I, of course, wanted to take this NAME-M.
But as I first checked his player details my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
Unfortunately I also suffer from color blindness now, so I already have difficulty seeing which pick I designate.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I am very bored with it here.
Yes, there is indeed a confirmation requested, but there is no gamename in that, do I think?
I did take a photo to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I do not know if that can serve as proof here?
Too bad.
I just find it very remarkable that I'm on NAME-M, watching his player bio.
Go back and then press X to choose this player, suddenly the choice has changed to Tapsoba.
No, that doesn’t matter, even though I do have to admit that it was my fault for not selecting and then selecting ‘yes’ once again.
But by then the ‘bug’ or quirk had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very sad this
Yes, you may.
And what might the consequences of this be?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink from NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this...I tried something, but then the chat session was broken.
I saw that it stated that my subscription expired on 14 March 2018....!
When I tried to log in via URL and I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription has been terminated because the financial details were not correct...... but I don't understand anything about that because there has been nothing changed.
The last debit took place in December 2020.
Not that I know ... In August 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After half a year I found out I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG ... don't ask me how that can happen ... but 1 subscription was cancelled.
I have faithfully paid every month with my credit card.
The last payment was on December 14......
14 December 2020
So reactivate PRS-ORG again?
I will try that.... Thanks in advance for your help...... If it doesn't work I'll be back!!!
have a good day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I tried to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure it gets on my account?
thanks in advance
Okay.
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be him
it is in my account
thank you!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but all will be well
thanks for the help for now
no it's fine this way
Thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Didn’t I already start chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address for the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL the email address for my e-reader is EMAIL.
This email address will be discontinued soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader?
I don't know that.
I only see that a URL is mentioned in my PRS-ORG account.
That is correct.
And on the e-reader under settings (so the device) EMAIL .
The latter email address will soon expire and should therefore also become EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, it is important that the device PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the e-reader.
I don't get it.
Do I have to deregister the old email address under settings/accounts subcategory PRS-ORG on the device.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I have to unsubscribe from the pocket category as well?
And now the withdrawal of nauthorisation with the old email address is indicated at adobe.
Will it be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digital dunce
And do I risk losing my books?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not get a confirmation email but the amount was reserved in my account
This is from a different purchase today.
I did receive this book
This is proof of my payment
Thank you for your answer.
They are these two books.
See the above photo
You can see from my account that I didn't receive those two books
- Date on which the costs were charged: June 7, 2023
Amount: € 24,98
- Postal code (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment information in the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book 'The seventh sister' at 8:05 PM on the 6th of May, but I can't sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and it doesn't show up in my PRS-ORG recruit account.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and the former pup in the house
I can't find the date immediately
Yes
Search it a bit..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I'm going to do it.
I found the book!
:) Thanks a lot for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
Can you help me solve my problem?
Have you seen my screenshot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status stays on gray.
I can't adjust this, I've tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG I can't connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a long time now..
That is correct.
I have sent you a screen shot of my status.
it remains on gray and not online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the PC.
Is that possible, or do I need to buy everything again?
I do have the game itself on pc.
But I hoped I could use my account at both places.
It would be a shame (annoying) if I now had to start all over again.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
How sad.
Do you know whether that is possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thank you for your answer and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to register now, but this is not possible.
The verification code that is sent also goes to a false email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option, but I did not receive an email.
*not even in the case of undesired
I have already tried that but I am not receiving an email about it.
When I try to create a new one, I get a message that an account already exists at that email address
But can I create a new account using the same email address?
Is it possible that you delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, I am unable to install PRS-ORG from a DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
definitely.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think at a toy store
New purchased in any case.
That’s good, I’ll wait
This does not seem correct to me.
The code is not sold as a one-time code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because at home this just does not work on the PC.
So we have not arrived yet at entering the code.
I bought a stand alone dvd player especially for this game this week!
I'm going to try that.
do you want to wait a little longer?
I get a notification that the code has already been used.
That would have been PRS-ORG itself on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and are not installing the game we have newly bought ourselves.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I've received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG is going to get in touch with you.
This subscription was cancelled before the renewal, making the reminder incorrect.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I already cancelled it before the renewal.
But now I am getting a payment reminder for the period for which I had already cancelled
yes by email NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription, I don't have anything else running
PRS-ORG Reading &amp; listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€12.99
but I had already ended it for this period
Ah ok, they referred me back to you
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
i understand
No, that was it.
Thanks, it still works
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG, which has also been debited, but I have not received an ebook.
Ordered via phone.
But when I log into my phone or on my e-reader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps as in turning off etc.
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you my day is going fine
If the person leaves the chat, is this gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 p/n 014
He insists on it!
Super thanks.
Best regards and have a great day
Hello, I have had an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year yet.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official case with it that it automatically goes into sleep mode and it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I then opened it (it has not fallen, moved and nothing has sprouted.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked strange.
At the top it says that it is in sleep mode. Then, in strips and triangles, you can still see a part of the book, the cover, and somewhere it says vaguely '94% read'.
Vertical stripes are also visible.
If I turn it off (15 sec) then the tr will still be visible, if I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going to start, but the explained image at the top remains continuously visible.
What can I do, and how is this possible after only one year?
Hello
EMAIL
And it is according to me a PRS-ORG
My apologies for the delayed response.
Here is the picture of the screen.
The device has already been turned off, reset, etc. But continues to show it for no reason.
Good evening, ah that’s weird.
I now send it as a pdf, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my ebook purchase has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Great!
Thanks!
Question: This happens every time.
Do you know why?
Is there something else I can do?
Book has arrived!
:)
Awesome!
Then I do it through PRS-ORG or something like that next time.
Thanks for the info.
Have a good evening!
Thanks, I will do so
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I can't find my account anymore according to the login tab
Which is a great pity because there is quite a bit of money in it
Can this be undone?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch?
NAME-M, you should know that guy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
So yes, you guys gave Knock out city away for free, but I paid for it.
Okay so, I bought Knock out city from PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG has said that I should contact you.
Yes okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I didn't get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however I can't in the web app now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think has happened.
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
Can I access the webapp from 23?
But I've been playing PRS-ORG for years just not 22.
you have all the information, right
Hmm then my friends will have a head start because they can use the web app sooner, I’m not sure if I will make it then
hmm to bad there is nothing to do, then I won't get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that is called like that
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I can't get it
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you!
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app.
is it because you have to log in once a month or?
I'll try that
thanks in advance
that's good, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Uh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back in my email, but apparently I started a new chat.
I had the problem that I did not get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to delete my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check whether it worked.
I have this one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Book now, 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I am also Belgian).
And I only see the Reserve option there...
Ok, but friends of mine have it in their library already so e.g.
Will be pre-loadable as early as 21 September.
But I can't add it.
Is this because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws to the gaming sector in relation to purchases?
Because e.g.
in Belgium you can't purchase any PRS-ORG because of these new laws.
I just want to make sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I pay
that PRS-ORG is designed for it..
Okay.
I will see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk with someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been communicated to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I am going crazy, I can’t do anything anymore.
Can I call someone, please?
EMAIL
This has already been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I really feel despondent about it.
Thanks, I really hope you can help me.
Is there otherwise a phone number that I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this…
Translation is complete.
No, hopefully with this issue…
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just experienced something weird, I don’t understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG on it.
It is no longer in my library
how can this happen?
Correct, but I just logged in to PRS-ORG and I see it there.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG, I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don’t see that
EMAIL
No, it’s all good like this.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi my name is NAME-M
Hello.
I’m fine, but I’m pretty pissed off.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a foreign email address has been linked to it, and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can now start all over again and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing anymore.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
There is currently a foreign email address attached to it, as can be seen in the annex.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it pretty secure with 2 step verification, I've already changed my PSN password.
Only the PRS-ORG account I cannot enter, not even in the PRS-ORG app
OK
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had previously contacted my problem.
However, I did get a call, which my contact ended the conversation.
But now I am here again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, my games were not showing in my library.
The person I spoke with was apparently responsible for making sure PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just keeps saying "loading" with a clock
My question is or can you help me to get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I notice that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
Absolutely right.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, it was!
Thank you and continue working!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players sold
I have been waiting for more than a week now and I was wondering how long this is going to take?
Yes but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn't be for much longer
Can you check how long it will be?
Because I am always told to wait but no time indication
1 week was said to be now 1 week
And you can’t see how long this will last?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I am going to proceed on the assumption that
Or can I talk to the specialist myself?
But this is not being played
PRS-ORG
Said
Am I never told very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that when you resume business you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
I just have to wait.
Wait
And do nothing and just wait.
Ok, bye, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I forgot my password.
I got logged out of my account, so I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
What do you mean by confirm?
via the mail or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
yes that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and my PRS-ORG crashed
and restart
It turns out the package I got from that sbc was sold out quickly
And of course you understand that I would never sell that if it is not tradeable
Yeah I just would like to have my prize from that sbc
I also added photos of what the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and I believe my e-mail address is EMAIL
and other my old one and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start up my PRS-ORG on a pc I always get the message Secure boot is not enabled
I have already tried everything on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I have not been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but I can't
Okay.
Thanks for your help I'll just wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1, but they were not deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from log in, nothing helped
I am afraid I have lost my money!
Please can you help me
EMAIL
Hoebedoel je?
Okay, and then
But they say get in touch with you guys
Okay thank you, I will do it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear Sir/Madam,
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation, but since it has now become crossplay, I bought eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app only I automatically come on my PRS-ORG Playstation account which I do not want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now i have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG that are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log into the web app
Thank you
No, I never played on a PC with PRS-ORG, but I am busy pre-loading PRS-ORG
okay so this is because I never created an ultimate team on the pc?
So if I do this when the game comes out, can I use the web app completely?
damn it that I now miss a lot of coins :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question about an update of a request that was already open
It’s about PRS-ORG, my Ultimate Team being hacked.
Then it was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take approximately 24 hours.
This was last tuesday.
Now the question was just if there was a possiblity of an update since I still had not received a response / compensation or the like for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
The past week there was an update every day that the status was updated and remains under review.
Of course, it gets a bit annoying to say the least, but the fact that you yourself don't really know what still needs to happen or how far they are
Hopefully it will, the urge to play the game has been a lot less over the past week
In any case, thank you for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
i no longer have access to division rivals
I can't access the server at all.
but i created a new ps5 account and it works fine on this
same for all my friends they can also still play rivals
I've done a restart and all the help that is online
But sadly nothing
and it's been like this all day so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow either
correct
Super!
thanks in advance
I did get a market ban there, I am already considering it, but this should have nothing to do with rivals?
okay so it is not strange that another account can access rivals?
can I also be there for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
ok cool, then I will do that!
thank you very much in advance!
but I shouldn't worry about my divisions?
does it just come back in order?
are we really sure of that?
wonderful, thank you very much!
Have a great evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat, he disconnected.
My controllers offer a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers provide a lot of resistance on l2 and r2 which makes it difficult to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
Today I installed the PRS-ORG game on my windows PC, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if I can still do something with this; whether my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I can possibly still use something from a memory card or something; which allows the game to play at normal speed.
I look forward to hearing from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay in that.
So you can get there faster in for example
the guardrail ends up in the right place instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah those are now quite high (do you mean screen mode etc?
Oh super thank you!
No, I think you answered my question for now.
And if not, I know where to find you; you respond quickly, appropriately and friendly.
Thanks
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the e-reader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but it can't be opened on the e-reader.
How can I resolve this?
EMAIL
I think February 14th.
No, on February 15th I see.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn’t work, please contact us
Alright, I'm going to start working on it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I got them in on the laptop.
I couldn’t get them onto the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Even not in the purchases.
Discussed with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no results yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint does it.
I also check the second book.
It does work.
NAME-N.
I'm nominating you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thanks!
Nothing else, I'm going to read a book.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the manual.
Well, I subscribed to it a year or so ago for 10 euro
month.
I don't need it at the moment, but it is absolutely unclear to me how I can end it.
I've been endlessly searching for it several times.
Yes.
I think that's really nice.
I may return to pp after a certain period, but I am not using it for the time being.
Very nice!
And handled easily.
Thank you...
No, it’s fine.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I have received my PRS-ORG today and taken the PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I can't open them, I get a message that this document can't be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try it, thank you, I hope I can fix it
Thank you, have a nice afternoon
Yes, I am computer illiterate. It might take a while.
Great it works thanks
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I cannot get rid of that.
And I can’t find out how to do that either.
Please help.
EMAIL
no
It's not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light did not work anymore.
I must have pressed something
That didn’t help.
There is also a slash through the little symbol
All because a dash appears through my light symbol?
Isn't there an easier solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years, and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
I put a lot of time and money into both every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without notification and reason.
A request was created yesterday but now it says "resume" that request so I am curious if that goes well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this as I am now missing all rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I'm so heavily disappointed because I have not done anything wrong, my trust is gone and I'm actually planning on cancelling all memberships and deleting everything
I even continued playing but due to PRS-ORG failures I didn't receive my item and fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long is that going to take?
I am quite done with it.. not after you but about the situation
Thank you for the help.
I'll just have to wait and see, but my trust has gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I think that is too risky if suddenly a block is put on it
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up quickly
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day too.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
created a new email on the PRS_ORG app, which allowed me to
I would like to link them to my PRS-ORG account
I need to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well, it really is like this
i just can't send proof
sorry sir
looked wrong
it is EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I had contact earlier because my account had been hacked.
That has now been remedied.
Only the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don’t play the game myself, my son does.
I had a chat with a colleague of yours this morning and he indicated that he could help me to restore this
The hack sold 4 football players.
My son has now bought it back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I'm not sure if I explain it all right, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the time before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
i have received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my little boy plays that
No, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been fixed
I just want to know if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email address that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it.
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account does not need to be restored, just my email address please
Top I got a code via my email can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thanks!!!
Good morning, I bought a book on Monday via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but get the message "Oops!
Could not open this document.
Something is wrong with the file."
I have synced several times but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
recovery, purchase via the site
I’m working on it, but it will take a while, I have to find a wifi password.
If it doesn't work this way, I'll sign up again.
Sure, I'll try to login again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can carry on again.
Have a great day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello I have the e-reader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just what I pay on her account every month.
But I don’t get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So, can I not cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't get in?
I could change that yesterday on the ereader.
I can no longer find those data
Or if I link the credit card to my own account now, does it expire on her account?
Yes can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
This would be a huge help to me
You are a hero!
All data can be removed.
Her account is no longer used.
Fine.
Thank you.
Get it sorted right now.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hi, I forgot PRS-ORG, received an email from PRS-ORG to set up ww.
link copied to browser and then I can't proceed with nw ww setting, how does it work further?
EMAIL
nothing yet in my library, i wanted to start with it
ok i hear me, i stay online
exactly
then i get to the PRS-ORG help screen
I had hoped to be able to create a new WW via the link in the email
this results in a re-setting of the PRS-ORG ww account in the help screen
yes I will do it
Done.
I was able to change the ww. thank you very much for that.
I am now going to see if I can find an overview with grace e-books on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG can't open purchased e-book.
it is on the device but it says it cannot open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it again but it doesn't open.
also placed on the device directly via URL does not help either
EMAIL
How can I do that, I bought an e-book this morning via URL
fine
I do not have the option to unsubscribe from PRS-ORG
okay i've done it
Purchased and paid for an audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
I did it last time too
EMAIL
Today, just even
I did not receive the last purchase no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and sign
Bok van NAME-F
DescriptionPHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
My mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person has not received it yet, but I have already paid 20 euros.
I have not received confirmation yet.
Can you find out what's going wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is at 23
Oh that is strange because the money has been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No it was thank you very much have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - charged 2 times due to error - 2 x 10 euro and nothing to receive, does not seem to be correct, please help in this
EMAIL
the last was on January 16, 2021, and last night the purchase of the 2 books so February 7
NAME-M and NAME-F in the offer of 2 for 10 euro
I purchased the latter 2 last night.
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
need to cut and paste a little
toppie books are in
thank you for this nice service
we get happy here again
No my day is good again thanks again awesome and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book via the PRS-ORG app last Sunday, but I can't find it anywhere now.
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot due to security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 p/n 017
Okay, thank you.
The book is on the list now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
