Well, it works like this.
I had an annoying incident yesterday.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I logged in I only had 776
Ok.
Yes, yesterday I logged in through the PRS-ORG App.
Was then thrown out and when logging in again the coins were gone.
I did not buy anything myself.
As I said, I was online via the PRS-ORG app to finish SBC.
I was then logged out and when I logged in again, the coins were gone.
Could it be that they were bought elsewhere?
Since I was at work when all this happened.
That is, it must have happened to my PRS-ORG.
As I said, I was at work at that point in time and just wondered where my coins are now.
Is there a way to undo this again?
Thanks for the information.
Too bad that PRS-ORG can't do anything for Such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible on in-game purchases.
That is really still expandable.
To look more at customers than at profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi here is NAME-M.
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG goals.
If you are too good (Season 1 Elite €
Can't achieve the goals as shown in the picture.
That is why there is a lack of experience for season progress.
Please automatically rate the goals as completed, if a "better" goal, aka Div 2, has been fulfilled.
No it's about the season experience.
But I still get rewards so it's not that. 😂
So do the goals get unlocked?
Or do we get a compensation because they are unattainable?
Since you unfortunately cannot help me with the current problem.
Nevertheless, a beautiful evening for you.
Good morning, we would like you to swipe our eCards.
This is not possible with our device at all.
What should we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will now look at your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently we are managing the outpatient clinic, so I am not always on the phone.
I will pass that on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and is now in the consultation.
She will clarify the problem later from the main account.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can still not buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, only via PRS-ORG.
Please activate this feature for me as quickly as possible, I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and made many games in PRS-ORG, and I have also bought PRS-ORG but without the market in the app the game is only half as fun. I am paying a lot for the game and I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great, I won't buy any more PRS-ORG without the feature.
Thank you for the help!
I have already played all the modes and already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't this be speeded up?
That's a real pity. It takes the fun away from the game.
Everyone can buy and sell players via the app, but yourself.
This is really not nice what PRS-ORG is doing there.
Since ALPHANUMERICID every PRS-ORG has been bought and treated so, it is not nice.
Ok, too bad, then I will try a little more, let's hope it works quickly.
Otherwise I don't need the game anymore.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thank you, I'm fine.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher then a black window opens and closes again.
No.
I don't even get to play the game.
I think it's because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked.
However, I cannot cancel this.
Yes.
No
not earlier.
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to deal with another issue.
I'm back now.
Is it possible to make article data available for a large number of products/services, for example via csv import?
Yes.
The connection is still available.
I ask for some patience with my answers, since I also wait for a while to answer.
I want to create a large number of items with descriptions etc. at once by means of csv-import.
Is there such a function?
I would like to create a large number of items with descriptions, etc. all at once using csv import.
Is there such a function?
The emphasis is on "a large number".
It is about the migration from another system.
Thank you for forwarding.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I supposedly violated the rules.
I would like it to be lifted and at least be able to start over.
Otherwise I wouldn't know what I could do with the game.
I can't play a PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to start again at least and get a chance.
The other accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the option to create a new account and start over because otherwise I wouldn't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I have not received an email from your team.
NAME-N I would like to.
Otherwise, I would wait 45 days.
If you can't do anything against it.
The paper roll is not recognized.
NAME-M_TEXT:A moment, I will now forward you to one of our support employees.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again. How can I help you? 🤖
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
No receipt is printed.
Yes.
Error message - Printer has no more paper.
Insert a new roll and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We connected the device only on Friday.
It is brand new and today the printer no longer works because it does not recognize the paper.
It is the original roll that was delivered with the device and it is not recognized.
Also the one in the packaging is not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I hope you too.
Ahem, I have the following problem.
I made a DSVGO request yesterday and now I have not received an answer.
How long will it take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, therefore I would like a DSGVO inquiry because I want to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Okay, I have to wait then.
I simply hope that this will be clarified.
I have invested a lot of money in the game and also have made a lot of effort to earn and persuade the players.
Ok, I will wait for an answer.
Okay, thanks for the help.
Accidentally ejected PRS-ORG
Yes, thank you, I hope for you too.
My problem is:
Yes, thank you, hopefully you are also doing well.
I have accidentally kicked out a player while completing the PRS-ORG.
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG for PRS-ORG as a gift on 20.12 via PRS-ORG.
I have already talked to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG, who referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not land in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was indeed activated via the account, but the PRS-ORG were unfortunately not credited to the account to this day.
Can you understand that?
You redeemed the code and have no PRS-ORG game?
I have made PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to join them, my controller fell and I kicked it.
I received an e-mail from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I accidentally clicked on the activation link even though I don't have a PRS-ORG or an account.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza).
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how we can change that now.
The problem is the data from the predecessor. I have none.
And I have to change it as quickly as possible because of the EC card payments.
Don't you have a telephone hotline?
Unfortunately not from the predecessor.
We would have to register completely new, so to speak.
Or what do you think?
Ok and how or where do I do that?
And how would it be if, for example, the pizza drivers have to take the device with them?
Ok thank you, I will try it and contact you again if I have questions.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Same to you!
I spent €20 twice on PRS-ORG on October 31st, but I never received a transfer.
No I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I have bought them but have not received them.
The money was however debited from my bank account.
Via the PSN Store on the PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, for a few days now I haven't been able to finish my purchase.
How can the error be corrected?
EMAIL
That should have been on 03/01.
So enter the credit card number again?
Unfortunately, it didn't work.
No, my patience is over for today.
I still have other things to do.
Maybe I'll take another system.
It is a pity, because Schade has always been very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
Below a 12.
I already looked to see if there has been a blocking, but my history does not show any.
Correct.
The game won't start, although it did so without any problems so far.
The system is a PRS-ORG S.
EMAIL
It also doesn't work with my two sons.
These have other email addresses, but are united under my account as children.
I will try that and get back to you.
I have purchased PRS-ORG to use the advertised cross-play in F1 22.
But you can't play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore, I am claiming a refund and termination of the subscription on NAME-M.
If this is resolved, then I would be happy to be a customer again.
EMAIL
I'm talking to other league drivers from ALPHANUMERICID what you guys have done again, instead of enjoying the new part with everyone.
Otherwise, things are going well and I thank you for your inquiry.
How was your day?
Do many people bother you?
Isn't it a bummer for PRS-ORG to have problems constantly helping people?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something nice.
Green stands for the color of hope, doesn't it?
How does this go on?
That was all I wanted.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, just now I was in a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case to you and you have sent me a code (to verify me) by e-mail so that you can pass on the problem.
When I went back to the PRS-ORG page, the chat was gone.
Here is the code, in case you can use it somehow.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I have just been chatting with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG I thought.
Yes I know that, it's about my brother who is 11 years old, that's why I contact you.
His email address is: EMAIL
Yes, I know that it is about my brother, who is eleven years old, and that is why I am contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But in my email there is no 6-digit code.
What do I need to do now?
ebook
I have loaded a title over PRS-ORG via Onleihe onto my PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for it
But I performed the authorization normally beforehand.
A title is "An immoral special offer"
Yes exactly, that's what I use.
I
I will try it again and otherwise I will report this case separately.
Thank you!
Unfortunately it didn't work again, to whom can I turn?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the web app.
You help me?
As a user of the PRS-ORG trial access, I am not able to use the web app.
This is the message I get when I start the webapp.
Why is that?
My PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG email?
Alright, thanks.
Thank you very much, this is very nice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I am very angry right now.
I just chatted with one of their colleagues and after I followed his advice, I can't even get into my PC anymore.
PRS-ORG pulled an update.
Now my normal password no longer works.
That's right.
But now PRS-ORG doesn't start anymore and I have no access to the PC because it now apparently wants a PRS-ORG password which I don't have!,,,,
I had one before that.
Numerical code
Now I can't even enter a payment.
A simple request has turned into a huge problem!!!
Damn again.
But NAME-M I do not.
I lost it along with my note pad for passwords.
Alex, this can't be true!!
All because of the great tips of their colleague!!!
Thank you as well.
What nonsense is that?
That can take forever again now.
Yes.
Please refer me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is , what can I do for you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG and it is locked.
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it had to be exchanged.
Now I'm on the go and don't have the device with me.
I will probably have to contact you again.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I'll contact you later when I can read off the serial number.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG!
My name is NAME-M, how may I help you?
Good morning!
My email address has changed and I would ask you to update this, so that I can change the login data and also a copy can be sent to me for the invoices.
It is now EMAIL
Exactly.
Before it was EMAIL and now the one indicated above.
And my website is now URL, but I was able to change this for the invoices, etc. by myself.
The main thing for me is to change my login details and receive a copy again with the bill.
Yes, I am, it took a while to write:-)
I sent an email a few days ago, but so far have not received a reply.
But I'm writing again, thank you very much :-)
Thank you.
No, thank you! Have a nice day!
Best regards
Hello,
I have bought multiple PRS-ORG on January 1, 2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount was paid double.
I kindly request you to investigate and refund.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, one of the books is "Bloody Fetters".
But I got all the books, because I was asked to try again with the first order.
But I am happy to wait for your feedback.
Thank you for your efforts.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would not like to send an already ordered Sum Up back.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: with the PRS-ORG I can enter the sum at the terminal and don't need an extra app on which I have to do it, right?
Second question: how does it work with the return?
Exactly, the air that I want to return.
Then I order the PRS-ORG.
Gladly, it will take another 10 min until I am back at the device.
Should not NAME-M be lost?
Not that I have to start all over again.
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
I'm fine.
I would like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC does not have a CD drive.
Can I download PRS-ORG somewhere or will PRS-ORG be available for download one day?
That means it can never be downloaded again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on another PC.
Can I save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no way at all?
Okay then I look... maybe there is a way.
Still, thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG yesterday and downloaded it on my series s.
However, I have not received the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I want to have the points that were promised to me in the version?
But why don't I receive them from 27?
Ok.
Thank you.
I'll wait.
I am annoyed that I cannot start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and don't have my own wars.
I just want them to come as fast as possible.
Otherwise, the early access will not bring me anything.
All right.
Thank you very much first.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to reveal your first name to me?
Hey NAME-M here
I wanted to ask what it fails... I have been playing since the release + early access PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG / PRS-ORG and the transfer market (Web App / Companion App) is still not unlocked... Something must be wrong... Would be urgently needed... Best regards
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day.
Yes, exactly.
Yes, but I've been playing for 3 weeks.
How can it be that it is still not unlocked?
Playing every day actively.
Something is not working right here.
If I am not unlocked in 1 month, what's the point?
Can you help further?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or both have to be played active, both PRS-ORG as well as PRS-ORG Series X?
Thank you.
Have a nice day, hope this will finally work soon.... really silly system you have with the "play to unlock".
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to reveal your first name to me?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thanks, it works, but I would like your help. This morning I wanted to load 12k points over the web app ALPHANUMERICID, but unfortunately I clicked ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the moment.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because this is ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really nice and nice if you could do that.
I have been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you are interested, I am 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved the day for me and I am extremely grateful to you.
I will check three times in the future what I clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Okay, one moment please.
Great, thank you very much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We cannot establish a connection to the mobile network.
We have already restarted, taken out the SIM card and put it back in, different locations, but it does not work.
But it is possible with the wifi.
PHONENUMBER
Turns off...
Start again.
I have logged in, now it is searching again.
Connected to the wifi.
It works.
Also with the cellular network
Can you tell me why it works now?
So we can avoid the error.
We had this error since yesterday and suddenly it works again?
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Thank you, I appreciate it.
PRS-ORG: Yes.
This is not the problem
I can log into the servers without any problem.
However, when the audwhl of the game states comes and I press ok, my game is, I suspect, zoomed too close.
I can't see anything
NAME-M then I'm looking forward to it, thank you for your help.
No, otherwise it's running, but that confused me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I shouldn't have done so.
But honestly, who pays attention to fine print when pulling packs?
I have bought the game extra expensive.
And of course, I would also like to be able to take advantage of my advantage.
In any case, a new pack will arrive.
Should I not worry about it?
Very nice.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the club name in Goals.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
To be precise, it is about the short form, which you see at the top in the game.
E-mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or PRS-ORG account, also RufusNasedo.
I think I have confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to still have it changed via the support?
Typical for the company in terms of customer service, once again. However, thanks anyway.
There is nothing more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I've just chatted with a colleague from you
My game doesn't start after the update.
NAME-M, that's me. ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email that is the code.
What exactly? ^^
EMAIL
Well, after the update today, the game won't start anymore.
PRS-ORG opened and wants to start and doesn't go.
Graphic driver installed newest one
Repair the game.
Not anymore.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, in the PRS-ORG Desktop App, I was shown that I get 4600 PRS-ORG with the title "More PRS-ORG" when I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and didn't receive any points
EMAIL
and
Julianlawi870
Thank you!
Did you write a message?
I think I received one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When do I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just completed the PRS-ORG  abo.
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version.
but I was shown that I will get 4600 with PRS-ORG.
Can I cancel PRS-ORG so that I can get my money back?
All clear I'll try it, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello!
I got the unexpected message while logging in to PRS-ORG that the login is not possible.
Now I can no longer log into my account and the email to restore the password has not been sent.
*will be
Gladly, this is EMAIL.
118850
The code is
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT: Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning,
When does invoice ALPHANUMERICID?
Withdrawal 36
2.579,91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I did not receive the money.
Only the last amount of 43 francs is paid out.
43.83
So I don't have the money, they have to check it, not me.
Yes, I have that.
But I did not receive the amount of 2579.91.
Hello.
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I can't buy any books there, because I only have an EC card from PRS-ORG.
Can I also give you a debit order?
EMAIL
So far I was not able to shop yet because I couldn't pay.
And among these payment options there is none for me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay via the Sparkasse EC card or to give you a direct debit mandate.
Even transferring the money to you would also be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send back the purchased PRS-ORG.
Only to recognize one of my payment options.
Thank you as well.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I bought PRS-ORG and don't have access to the PRS-ORG web app.
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I only played PRS-ORG and further older parts.
Not PRS-ORG.
Do I have to do a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG first?
However, the web app has been running for 2 days now, so I see a disadvantage there, only on 27.09.
Get access to PRS-ORG.
Where are you from?
Your grammar is not 100%, but since I'm already old, I can often derive the meaning from it.
Thank you for your help.
You too.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
We want to enable enable PRS-ORG
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant. 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example "How can I change my email address?".
One moment, I will now redirect you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you please reformulate your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
We want to enable PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, thank you very much for the info.
Otherwise everything works perfectly.
Hello my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I just looked at my app this morning and saw that my Transfermarkt is no longer working, can you give me some information on this?
There it says that I would have received an email, but unfortunately I didn't get it, so here I am in the support.
Yes.
I have gone through the night buying and selling players to earn coins so that I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
As you can see, I also buy regularly in the PRS-ORG store, of course, I am neither a bot nor anything else.
And unfortunately, the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market.
Alright, thank you for your time. :)
I hope for good news.
So that you can start the game again with pleasure. 😊
I wish you a nice weekend, NAME-M! 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68%, the message comes that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There I only have the options to Try again and Cancel.
One moment, I have to start the installation again.
Yes, it's just at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it's at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to tranfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to try copying the file or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
Not right now.
I will try to solve the feed problem.
If a problem should still arise, I will contact you again.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
When I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right.
And the ball goes to the only free-standing opponent, in a circle of several meters, then what exactly is that called?
>Otherwise, I would not have specified PRS-ORG as the game.
In comprehensible German, please.
Your last sentence was a major accident
What exactly did you want to tell me?
Yes, the situation I described to you.
Do you actually think about every answer for a minimum of 5 min before you write it?
"The situation you mentioned to me is a technical bug."
Yes, I think so too.
However, there was exactly the same bug last year.
I reported that to you.
Among others, in your PRS-ORG
And there it was made clear to me by your PRS-ORG_rephii that it all had its own logic.
And was planned by you.
One of you both did not seem to be with the truth.
How do I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Return device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my email address?"
NAME-M_TEXT:In addition, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Do you want to send a device back, or is it about the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return shipment status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
I will now forward you to one of our support employees who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I will look.
I am now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to try it out at a booth, but would like to give it back again.
Can you help me with this?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on November 28.
Unfortunately, it's at home.
Then I have to look again when I'm at home.
Thank you, I will do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
All good, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game, unfortunately, the quest to unlock "Fleet-A-Pita" doesn't start, the quest should be called "Anlegerinnen".
Exactly :)
Oh yes, no.
I don't have that one yet.
Then it must be due to this
Thank you for your quick help :) Have a great day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I don't have the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I have earned these in the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but I have not received them to this day.
You're welcome.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID reads: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I have to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, I am currently having some problems with PRS-ORG Legends.
For about 2 weeks now there were about
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, are stuck.
My character is not stuck.
And at the end of the round, I can no longer get out of the game and have to start the application again.
What could be the reason for this?
The internet connection works without problems.
I looked at all the links and we've already tried everything.
Changed the DNS server, for example, and tried it at low load times.
In other games, it works without problems and individual rounds also work without problems.
Can it not be the fault of the servers?
The PRS-ORG is directly connected to the router via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID Cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m. The cable was freshly installed 3 days ago to be able to exclude the error.
Ok, I will report the bug.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
A moment please, I'll check.
I am now watching your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with your colleague.
I have a request.
I tested PRS-ORG invoices and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like to delete the test invoice so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice for me?
There is extra test invoice.
I have to get rid of it.
there is no booking in the result.
That was a test in which I went too far.
There is no payment.
I only entered this as a test.
But then it's as if I have paid.
This is wrong.
You can't just set my "Billing area" to 0.
Nothing has been done yet.
Then please close my account and I will set it up again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
I wanted to register the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After I tried to log in with another device, the password did not work.
I tried to reset it, but that doesn't work either.
Can you please help me?
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you so much
Unfortunately, nothing arrived again.
893361
So there is still an email with the password to be used, right?
What code?
That I sent to you?
The number code?
It works, thank you so much!
I founded a PRS-ORG account with an email address many years ago, which only serves me as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I unintentionally opened another account with a different email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to combine these two accounts, as I always have to switch between them.
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL.
I would like everything to continue to run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
On which email address did you send the code?
On which email address did you send the code?
I didn't get anything there.
I'll check my Spam folder.
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you.
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from dwelke to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please also only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
A moment, I will refer you to the right person.
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I have received the confirmation email.
Thank you, for today it's done.
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was locked out of the market.
Alleged coin distribution.
But it cannot be.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and have already invested 400€.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Ok.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am not aware of any guilt!
So I was still in the game last night and everything was all right then.
I also made a parking transfer.
This morning I wanted to see the transfer in the app and then came the message with the block and the info on the coin extension.
I can't understand and comprehend it!
That's why I really hope for your help.
I then immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
I was hacked and suspended on the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to reveal your first name to me?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Wanted to play Battlefield again for years and has since switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
At the start of the game, I received a message that I needed to renew my password.
I did that too but I still can't get into the game.
It always shows the same message - change password.
I can log in with PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via the PS icon, does it again ask to reset the password?
Exactly.
Then, I always get a message about the password renewal, or errors on the PRS-ORG.
Despite password reset
Thank you!
My email is, EMAIL, for the PS I have the same email
OK.
I will check.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22.
I got the 4600 PRS-ORG, the loan player and the totw item.
However, the OTW item is missing and did not appear in my account, despite logging in and out.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, I'm sorry, I read that wrong.
The e-mail address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I'm reassured!
Thank you!
That was all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Thank you, I'm fine.
And you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German comment language in PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
That's great.
Very gladly.
:-)
Thank you for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language in German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The content itself is already in German.
But I would also like to have the comments in German.
Okay, thank you so much.
I will try it.
Very happy.
Thank you and have a nice day too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi!
I was told that I can use my token in one hour, it has been 2 hours and it still doesn't work.
But how can this be, your colleague told me that I have a token.
I lost a token because of a game bug ???????
How can it be that I don't get a token then?
I even have a clip.
Why are you saying something different now than in other cases?
I have even saved a clip, how the opponent's starts, clicks and the game exits.
And I get a defeat.
This is not due to my internet, but to the game.
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I see, the colleague before you has notet the wrong things.
I get 2 different statements from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
Hello, the touch screen key for "Payment" no longer works on my PRS-ORG device.
And I can't turn off the device, because that's the same touchscreen button.
I have to see quickly what it is called.
PRS-ORG
Exactly.
The lower button does not work.
It has been for over 3 weeks now.
Ok.
No.
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I'm fine so far:) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
And I can't buy any PRS-ORG, because the error message is "A problem occurred at the PRS-ORG checkout.
Please try again later."
The error message is: "A problem occurred at the PRS-ORG checkout. Please try again later.
Exactly, that's right.
I am trying to buy points on PC or in PRS-ORG.
I also tried that.
But this also doesn't work.
The message is displayed that I have to earn it to access the transfer market.
However, I was able to buy PRS-ORG without an error message a few months ago.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello rohan, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, I hope you're doing well too, of course.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I have nothing to do with it. I have a TRAIDING list with players that I sell more expensive and there the players just went for more expensive and today I received a ban.
But when I go to my ban history, there is no email there.
There is no history and I didn't receive an email saying why I was banned.
Because this message really shocked me because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly, I can't use it anymore
All right, that would be very nice since I also drew NAME-M recently and was able to improve my team through him.
And now I'm blocked and that's a pity because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very nice.
I have to go back to work now, is it somehow possible that I can reach them again?
I just let the customer chat open.
My cartel device has a defect
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my e-mail address?"
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
Also, please always ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
Sorry, an error seems to have occurred.
A moment, I will forward you to one of our support staff who will take care of your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will check.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
Chip reader works.
However, when it says put the card in, the card is not read.
The problem has been with the PRS-ORG device for about a month.
I have several customers who pay with a card.
So, the problem was having multiple cards.
Unfortunately not right now.
Because I'm not in the store.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Can you also be contacted by telephone?
No, thank you.
You helped me a lot.
Have a nice workday.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I've been having a problem in a game since today.
Since today, there is a problem in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera shifts, so that it is impossible to play.
No changes have been made.
The day before, everything ran without any problems.
I can play this game.
But since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
The camera shifts for no reason during the game.
No, I don't get any error.
During normal play, it suddenly occurs.
Ok, that sounds great.
Thanks for the help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it unplayable.
Have a nice evening.
No, thank you.
Thank you for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, I am fine.
I hope you are too.
I cannot get into Pro Clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
My always says, pro clubs data is loading.
How can I retrace my steps?
Check.
There are only clubs.
The page has been reloaded.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M.
Unfortunately, I have not found any way to give tips to the developers.
That is why I register here, because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG are currently the cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
Who can I send this to?
I'd love to wait for it.
And thank you in advance.
Thank you very much!
And still a nice day to you.
NAME-M_TEXT: Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
As an access to our account we have the following email address: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, since we have canceled the subscriptions.
That's why we have to change the PRS-ORG mail address as access.
Can we do this ourselves?
The new e-mail address is: EMAIL
The payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have already done this and hope that we have done everything correctly.
Can you check this if necessary?
Alright NAME-M.
Thank you for the help and a nice day.
Kind regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, today was a great day and I hope you had one too.
I wanted to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came up that the game cannot be started.
Initialization error on booting up.
When I press play, I get the error message: Can't start.
Boot error {DEVICEID: DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}
I also repaired the game area 2x already.
I just found out that it was due to my anti-virus software.
I'm sorry for the disturbance.
Thank you anyway for the help.
Stay healthy NAME-F.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I played draft, single player and in 2.
The game had an error message and the game is offline. Now I'm back in and my draft is complete after a game.
Ok and what do I do now? It says "Rewards can be claimed after a match."
The second time.
The first time it happened when the first draft was there, it seems to be because of the player NAME-M.
Yes there was.
There was a message about a system error and it was gone from PRS-ORG immediately.
I reported the problem directly by clicking.
Should I claim the reward and will I still get my draft token?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order.
And in fact, yesterday I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG via the PRS-ORG store for €17.49, but I have not received them to this day.
What is causing this?
Yes, you can do it.
Do you need anything from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that.
I also tried to check via the webapp if the points have already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send it to them then?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I want to connect my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG.
When I sign up, I should confirm via my old number (ends in 277) and not via my new number.
My new number is in the PRS-ORG account.
And I no longer have access to my old
I would like to log in to PRS-ORG to redeem various bonuses.
Yes.
As I said, I can't sign up at PRS-ORG, because I am supposed to verify with my old mobile number, which is not in the account anymore.
It's about the PRS-ORG account.
I want to register with PRS-ORG and then confirm with my old PRS-ORG mobile number
The problem does not lie with PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in their settings of my account my old mobile number is apparently still available &amp; I should verify it with this.
My email address is EMAIL
I have already indicated my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when logging in to PRS-ORG, I was able to verify with the new number.
Only when signing up on other sites but I'll try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and got a draft token with it.
When I wanted to start the game, the image was hanging and nothing more worked.
So that I had to restart the game.
After that, I noticed that my points as well as the token are gone.
This is not the first time that this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing about a connection, my connection was also fine.
But that also happens from time to time in the middle of a game.
game that I simply get logged off from the servers although the internet is there
Yes, my email address is EMAIL.
All good, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I submitted the case regarding my hacked account on Tuesday at 9:00 AM with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long will the processing take approximately?
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I am fine, and you?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure right now.
I am glad to hear that they have had a good day so far!
Ok, thanks, I'm looking forward to a prompt processing.
Hello, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, good, and you?
My problem is the following:
Since about
One month after I can no longer start an online game in PRS-ORG with PS+.
I've certainly already tried to do it hundreds of times, but every time I start a game I get thrown out with the message "The connection to the opponent has been interrupted".
I have already contacted the PRS-ORG customer service, but the solutions remained unsuccessful.
Now I wanted to ask if you have any further ideas to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course, that's okay!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry that I haven't written for a long time.
Thanks for the introduced troubleshooting steps.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it right away whether it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thanks.
I will try to do it on PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you very much and a nice weekend!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I was already at PRS-ORG in the first place, but they couldn't help me.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and also got PRS-ORG in addition to it, so that I can trick 10 hours of the game.
I have already logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and downloaded PRS-ORG again.
I've been waiting for over 2 hours for help and have now come to the point that I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
I am sure, however, that it should work sometime.
Please check it again for the time being.
What do you want to tell me with that?
Yes, I would also like to.
Or you refund me the 4 Euro and I will wait until the 27th.
I do not have the desire to waste more time.
Yes, if I can't play the game even though I paid money for it again extra, that would be very nice of you.
If the problem cannot be solved by 2 people from the support.
Yes, so please refund my money if nothing else is done here.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, all clear. Thank you!
Yes, thanks.
I've wasted 3 hours. Thank you.
No, everything is fine. Thanks.
No I don't
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I get such sick opponents with mbappe zidane and slles?
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents on my level.
And why do I have so much momentum in my soil?
Come on! I'm two meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still hanging.
Please give me my money back, I break the CD on video as well.
I've been playing PRS-ORG since I started taking it off, but what should that be?
My account was hacked, a few players were sold by me and one was bought at a high price and was sold for the throw-in price.
The players who were gone from my team were allan position ZM, once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M.
I changed my passwords right away afterwards.
But I would like to have the players back.
I've changed it now.
I'm offline from fut.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind if I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I'm doing quite well after a long day of work.
I hope you are also doing well.
I have the following problem: I completed the PRS-ORG goal "Winter-Wildcards Day Registration" today.
The last part-goal I did today after 7:00 pm on the app via mobile.
After that I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's registration as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter-Wildcards-player-pack.
However, it was displayed there that the PRS-ORG has been resolved.
Then I looked in the shop.
However, I did NOT receive both packs.
What can you do now? Can you check this?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username.
Okay, thank you very much for the information!
Then I'll wait a little longer.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Return the device.
NAME-M_TEXT:In addition, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my email address?"
{ChatWindowButton:Return Device,Return Shipment Status}
NAME-M_TEXT:All right.
I will now forward you to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will check.
I am now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to send my 3G device back.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much.
No, that's it :) thanks!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello I'm NAME-M and just got out of a chat
PHONENUMBER
Hello,
Okay, thank you.
Can you look up what it was about through the number?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you and your colleague very much!
Thank you and a nice evening to both of you!
No, thanks!
Ciao!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I asked about this already on Thursday and got the number here PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I'm in the right place here.
I am NAME-M
I just want to know why I can no longer get the pre-order packs, on the PRS-ORG 4 I received them, I had pre-ordered the x-factor version.
And switched to the PlayStation5 3 weeks ago, but I did not receive these packs.
It is about NHL 22.
What would you like to know?
I just got this number PHONENUMBER.
I have the same account on PRS-ORG 5 as on PRS-ORG 4.
And when will that happen?
I can't and don't want to play with the PRS-ORG version anymore now.
I hope that somehow works and someday, because for that 100€ were quite a lot of money
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
With my friends it worked but with me this problem occurred that it doesn't go
Since you can pre-order PRS-ORG
So it has been a while.
If you pre-order it in the game you will also receive a discount of 10%.
Okay, then I'll try it this way.
In email preferences?
Ok, I have activated it.
Do you know how long this can take?
No, that would be all.
Thank you for your quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask from when can PRS-ORG be downloaded for the Play?
Whether it might already be Wednesday at 00:00?
Yes, that's me, I even pre-ordered the 99 Euro version.
But is there any way to find out about it, because I would let the download run overnight.
I took extra leave for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG Middle Ages and Pirates via PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation of the middle ages worked smoothly, but for the pirates it didn't work.
I have waited for a few days now and wanted to play beforehand now I cannot open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you!
I could only see PRS-ORG.
Under Download Manager, it says that the Pirates download is complete.
When I go to my game room, it shows PRS-ORG play middle age and "new expansion ready to install".
Then I click on pirates to download but it doesn't work.
I'll try their link now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
Thanks for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts that actually run under the same email address.
One back then for PRS-ORG and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration via email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is okay so far, but my PS account is not linked there.
Then I used the same email to register via the PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked to that of my ex-boyfriend.. how in the hell does that work?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data, do I come to your account?!
If I enter my sign-in data, do I get to his* account?
Exactly.
I'm sorry, but I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I have to write back to PRS-ORG again..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M.
And so far I have the problem that I have pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but I did not receive the 4600 points.
However, I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG but did not receive the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I'm wondering why they are not there.
I already do get into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22, so everything is good.
After all, I have the pre-access.
Most have also already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG mode, unfortunately I did not receive the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both subtasks, but unfortunately have not received the Icon Pack.
Exactly.
How can I now get my reward?
About 20-30 min ago.
And after 24 hours my pack should be there?
I will do that, but I didn't receive the pack.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M, my game is still not starting... I have already been here today.
EMAIL
I'm a little frustrated..
Yes, it's about PRS-ORG.
The game doesn't start.
No, the game does not start, once I could start the game.
No, not at all. When I click on "games," PRS-ORG gets briefly minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing else happens.
I already did that.
Oh yeah, it works again, thanks!
