Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion before I could answer
Ok
I just told you I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have an invoice of the purchase
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
So you are affiliated with them
that's why you are the best suited to handle this refund
Yes, but given that you're an affiliate
you can manage it for me
yes
I'll check with them and get back to you if needed
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
the problem is that my account
is linked to my PRS-ORG account
whereas I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes that's it
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
So I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
Yes or recover my team, PRS-ORG Companion
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello
I just started a fut champions match, and the game is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you an image
You are the
no
I'm in a Fut Champions match, and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
EMAIL
for your information, I'm still in the match with the opponent's team, I don't want to leave the match because I'm afraid of losing the match
but if I leave the game, I won't lose?
that's good, I haven't lost the match, have a nice day
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days, whenever I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audiobook: Les confessions de PRS-ORG.
Ebook: l'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone in general.
Then I can synchronize on the reader.
Except for the audiobooks that I listen to on the phone
The devil!
What's going on?
Well.
You're going to find me very stupid, but until yesterday, everything worked.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to find this VPN?
I will try to do what you advise me.
If it doesn't work, I'll come back to you.
Have a good evening.
Best regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I contacted one of your colleagues this morning to recover an account.
I reset my email, everything is ok, everything works
however, I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
and apparently I have to provide it to a customer service representative
As I am very afraid of not being able to access my account again, I am a bit panicking
yes, I'm just wondering why I'm being asked this, since I already had one to reset the email, and everything is working now
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid this will lead to another email reset, which I don't need
Thank you, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
hello everyone, I had a problem with my account, my game code had already been used, but I found the right account, but the problem is that I can't install it with the download, and not with the CD, because I don't have a lot of internet and a poor connection, so it's a hassle
How do I do it to install from the CD?
because as a result, I have 1 day of download time
The game is PRS-ORG
on pc
it downloads it in one piece
without me entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I opened my account and the CD, it tried to download it
it is saying that it wants to download and install it
yes, it's taking me 1 day to download because of the bad connection
I want to install it from a CD and not from the download
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to get in touch with one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello!
I want to receive your emails in French and not in German.
is it possible?
in addition, I received emails stating that my account had been verified, but 3 months later..
yes
I have French language on my dashboard.
But I receive all communication in German
yes
great, thanks
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information again?
I wanted to go back and remember the price to pay, but I couldn't find this information afterwards.
No, I'm currently on the support page.
(Everything is written in Italian, which doesn't help, haha)
Ok, I'll create a new order!
That will be all for me!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M
we have uploaded all the documents
Please reconfigure our device
we're currently at the inauguration, but it's not working
Yes, I need to re-upload it.
I just did it
I answered the email
Please do it quickly.
it's a huge loss for us..!
for you as well.
ok I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Via chat.
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello,
I made a request to change the RIB, and I wanted to know when this request would be effective?
it is a professional account for a company
yes, it's always me
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand
how should I proceed?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M, a message indicating a payment that I did not make
You just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic rejection for PRS-ORG **** has been disabled.
You can reactivate them during your next purchase from a PRS-ORG retailer.
No
I don't remember
Maybe it was a payment for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "3G mobile data" connection type has been enabled, but even when we go to the office, the connection does not work.
Moreover, the battery level changes from one second to the next, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to get a new terminal.
Could you please do what is necessary?
Thank you for your cooperation and best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
City hall of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be billed?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your efficient and excellent cooperation.
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by email at the address EMAIL or phone at PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and best regards.
No, that's perfect.
Thank you very much!
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
yes
I'm having a problem with my transfer limits.
I need to send 158 100 € to my notary
for the acquisition of a plot of a forest
I just learned the levels of limits
for now, I have €59,975 in the account that I would like to transfer as quickly as possible to the notary
I am referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
additionally, I was supposed to receive 100,000€ in the account
These days.
and I will have to make a second transfer of €98,125
I can have the notary call you to prove all this.
I wanted to transfer 59,975 euros yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because I don't know how to code a game
I started a draft in the 1st round 0 minutes into the game; the opponent decided and I lost
My name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes in the meantime I even recreated a draft to see if it was me who was bugging
Huh?
Are you kidding me??
but you are useless, just incapable people like every time I have to deal with you
it's always the same thing, just fuck me, I can't do anything for you
so here I have to disconnect 1h of game and I would maybe have a draft token??
so besides getting fucked, I can't play the game for an hour?
you are genies, keep it up you are on the right track
yes, like always, there is nothing to be done, thanks anyhow
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How do I change my email address?
”.
To avoid confusion, please make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has not yet arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Okay.
Unfortunately, I am not able to access your payment frequency.
However, you can consult it from your account settings: URL.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thanks
So, is it for today or tomorrow?
Yes.
Okay, I'll wait then
It's all good, good luck to you
I would need a board for my living rooms
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
board showing PRS-ORG
I wish to speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you reformulate your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to know if it was possible to receive a small sign indicating that I have a PRS-ORG.
and that my customers can pay by credit card
no
It's not his fault
When I was at the market, I had a small sign that said that here you can pay with a credit card
but they stole it from me at the last show
I'd like to know if you could send me one
a display
please
3 if possible, to put on my stand
not those that stick
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no, thank you, have a nice day
Hello, the payment links do not work
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
Remote capture
I am sorry.
Could you please tell me what kind of transaction it is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote payment,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can occur for different reasons.
In order to find out which applies to your situation, I'm going to put you in contact with a human colleague.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link doesn't work. It keeps asking me for the terminal every time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it doesn't work, so I generated a QR code for 300€
I don't understand why the links don't work
Could you please tell me the reason, I don't have any answer
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake.
Thank you very much for your response and your promptness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm contacting you because PRS-ORG has removed 950,000 credits from my account on PRS-ORG Ultimate Team
For reasons that I do not know, because the credits I had were earned with players that I had in the packs, I transmitted the pictures
And I was doing buying and selling.
I would like to get my credits back, this is a huge sum!
I contest the penalty!
Psn: ALPHANUMERICID
Email: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I've never done anything illegal!
And I earned all the rest myself.
And PRS-ORG took everything from me!
And when I go to my banning/suspension history, nothing is displayed
On help.PRS-ORG
I've never broken the rules of PRS-ORG
Yes, thank you, because it's a huge amount!
Thank you
So I just sit and do nothing?
Should I just wait for an email reply?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I provided photo evidence before starting this case with you
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thank you, well here's the thing, I encountered an issue online in Draft mode on PRS-ORG for the 2nd time
indeed, I paid 300 PRS-ORG points (so money) and I decided to start a match
and as soon as I'm in the game, I get disconnected
probably cheaters
but it's the 2nd time since I started drafting
and I'm getting fed up with being scammed like that
I would like a refund of the points
okay, thank you.
no problem
They say I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you can't fix this issue
So, you will refund me
I paid
and I lost money
So now I want a refund
it's not normal to do this, your game's players lose money because of cheaters
And you don't reimburse?
find a way to reimburse me
I won't leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I need to pay an additional yearly subscription when it's already valid on Playstation?
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is installed too
so basically the problem is PRS-ORG
the PRS-ORG subscription is multi-platform?
If I have a subscription via PRS-ORG, does it have to be valid on PRS-ORG?
Or not?
no, you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but it's not valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and a happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log into my PRS-ORG account online, the password reset doesn't work, and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, it says there is already an account with this ID.
On the other hand, downloads work normally from my eReader.
Can you help me?
Best regards,
EMAIL
no, because I can no longer enter my account, but I just found 2 small invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my eReader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it works; my last 2 small paid purchases date back to February 16, 2020, the amounts are the same as on my statement.
Great, I just logged in under Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your homepage.
The matter is settled, thank you for your help and have a nice Sunday.
thanks, just a suggestion of purchase: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but in the new paperback format, which is cheaper than the hardcover edition published in 2018.
That's all right with me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I can't play PRS-ORG games
Unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas, thank you for your help
we already returned the game PRS-ORG once before, and today we tried a new one, and it's the same
We tried on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one consoles, but without result
yes
we also tried to reset the console to factory settings, but it didn't work
unable to update 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
when I go to manage the game on update, there aren't any available
yes, this error code has been happening for 4 days
there is a problem with the update, and when we try to put the game back on the console, it freezes
Ok, thank you.
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,Phone}
Via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
I asked by e-mail that an "employee" e-mail address be deleted so that I can reuse it on another account.
Your colleague replied that it wasn't possible, even though it was done for another email address the day before.
I didn't get any reply to my 2nd message.
So I should receive news quickly?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thanks, I got all the answers I expected.
No, thank you.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can deal with this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, I'm not able to make payments online
Transaction failed
Your deposit request has failed or been cancelled.
This is really urgent, and I would be grateful if you could solve the problem today, thanks
No, thanks.
Have a good evening.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
as usual every month despite the fact that I got my twich prime pack back
I didn't receive it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the address EMAIL
and even though I linked my PRS-ORG and MAINTES FOIS accounts, it seems like every time there is this issue of two distinct email addresses
I requested a recovery, it said "recovery successful"
so the problem is with you and not with me
and in previous months, the person I spoke to via chat provided me with the pack
so I think it's more likely that there's a competence issue
I didn't log in to the console
only on the app
ok, thank you
Please hold for a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Via the chat.
How do you want to be put in contact with one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 11:00 pm, all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID and my registration extract at around 5 pm yesterday.
My business register extract
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
We need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents as requested directly to my profile.
Yes.
Okay, I'll get back to you at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be adjusted?
human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate.
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate.
and I would like to know if we could buy the SumUp 3G without the printer
because the price is very high
I want a second PRS-ORG card
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the 3g PRS-ORG without the pack
and?
nothing
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is deformed.
It becomes illegible towards the end: characters superimposed and accents misplaced.
It is too painful, I wish a refund, thank you.
I'll resume this chat started too late on Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"ces biens essentiels" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed or if the problem is only on my e-reader...
I can take photos, but not right away.
At my place it's on page 294 but it changes depending on the font size.
At least 75%.
Gladly, because I won't be available for more for the time being
That's perfect for me, thank you
Thank you, have a nice day.
So happy to see you again, NAME-F!
Talking to a human.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
What can I do for you today?
Hello NAME-F, a customer paid me by link and I don't see his payment.
URL
but it shows up as a debit on his account.
yesterday
It says "accepted" in my transactions...sent to my links...but not paid
ah, ok, thank you. how come it didn't happen immediately, like it always does with payment links?
normally, after payment I receive a notification of the payment
Things have changed?
reconnect to the site and not the app?
ok, thank you
have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
Last night I launched a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my draft team online
When the 1st game started, the change was never implemented
After waiting 30 minutes, I turned off the console and restarted it
The game tells me that I left the game, so I lost my token and now have a handicap on the next game for abandon
Can you fix this?
Are you still there?
Thank you.
Thanks for the feedback, I tried it last night.
But the app tells me I'm not eligible
I must say that this is quite scandalous.
I spent 2 h on the game for this.
Yes.
Thank you
I look forward to hearing from you soon
platforms
I did not buy anything and I do not have any audio books.
my reader was purchased in September.
yes, thank you
Since yesterday I've been trying to add books from my adobe to my eReader.
But it keeps telling me that I'm not allowed.
I removed all my permissions and then reinstalled them, but nothing changed.
I followed all the steps I found on your site but it doesn't work.
the error message I have on my e-Reader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
Since you authorized your reader before, you must reimport it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ADE)
but it's authorized everywhere on my computer and on the reader
But I already have a PRS-ORG account
I got my eReader in September.
I contacted you in December for the same issue.
That means I've had this problem twice in 1 year.
I love my eReader, but when it causes me these problems, I have no desire to recommend it to people in my circle.
if I follow your steps, I will lose my connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I deactivated my permissions and uninstalled Adobe.
I'm going to restart my computer and reinstall Adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I can no longer log into my fut account
It says that too many clubs have been created
I already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start fut mode with my account it said that the fut account creation limit has been reached
Even though I was able to play with that account this morning.
Sorry, my name is NAME-M
You can help me please
Thank you
No worries
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
YES, THANKS
I haven't been able to log into my PRS-ORG account since this morning
ON MY PRS-ORG IT SAYS THAT THERE WAS A SERVER ERROR
ON THE PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
Ok, it's not a big deal, but can you help me solve my problem?
Okay, thank you. If the problem is due to a maintenance issue, I'm reassured and I'll wait.
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
a file is already open
PHONENUMBER
I would like to get the content that I got pirated
or compensate me with PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, I spend €400 PRS-ORG points per year on top of buying the game
and I was told on the phone that I wouldn't be able to recover anything
A file is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the pirated content this morning or get compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I have been playing for 10 years, I spend 400€ on PRS-ORG points every year and I also buy the game... and I was told over the phone that I could not get anything back
How do I do that?
EMAIL
I already did the steps you are going to ask me to do
giving you the code, changing the password, etc
I just want to play FUT Champions with my team this weekend
and now I can't do anything
I put money into the game every year, I've been paying salaries for 10 years now and now I don't have any positive feedback, even though I need you now
I was hacked between 9 AM and 11:30 AM today
Can you "erase" this and restore it all to what it was this morning?
At 8am I still had my whole club
Please help me with this
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant for PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For the most complicated ones, I'll put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry.
A human will be able to provide you with information on the status of your account.
The transfer of 1019 that I initiated was rejected by my bank, and I would like to know if it has been processed in your system
Ok.
Ok, thanks, that's great
So I will wait, got it
Thank you very much.
I'll stay here waiting
No, thank you very much
I will wait until after noon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm having a nice day, and I hope you are too ;)
I don't know if you can read my file but my question is in it
otherwise, I can repeat it if necessary
Excuse me?
Your sentence is incomplete
I just wanted to know that in the career mode there are a lot of haircuts while in the pro club there are not many
Is this normal?
And why?
Otherwise, are you planning to add them later?
No it's okay, thank you
No problem!
have a nice day
I'll get back to you if it hasn't been done
goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system to log in to my account
I did not receive the email containing the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically, so it's not a problem, but this is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android
The same thing happens when I try to log in via my web browser
924311
That email goes through without any issues
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope that this will solve the problem.
NAME-M_TEXT:I see that you are having difficulty accepting payments because of your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, s}
please, No, I'm contacting you for another reason}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
Yes.
I'm really stuck with my clients for the payments
I sent my PRS-ORG
Yes.
the deadline please
waiting time
Yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer and I can't play
it tells me that too many computers
mercui
Thank you.
ah really?
I also bought the PRS-ORG game
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I should not have any problems
I don't understand?
I have it on my PRS-ORG account
of PRS-ORG normal license
and a PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licences
Hi, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hello, I receive mails asking me to provide more information, or to provide them, thank you.
I've also replied to all of them via email,
Of course, here's a copy of the message I received.
Please be advised that, as indicated in our terms of use (URL), a single PRS-ORG account can only be used for a single business activity.
Please confirm what activity your profile will be used for and provide proof (invoice, Facebook link, etc.) for this activity.
If you want to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another business activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Best regards,
Pierre
PRS-ORG registration service
I'm a plombien myself, I set up a shop on Facebook.
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
Will I send everything by the email I received?
Yes, I sent the Kbis and the Facebook link
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't pre-download PRS-ORG, they told me that it should be solved quickly, but that's not the case. I pre-ordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, that means I can't play it tomorrow.
I therefore wish to cancel this preorder so that I can reorder the game, hoping that this time it works
Thank you for favorably answering my request :)
Sure
My email address is EMAIL
My ID is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I now re-pre-order it?
or I have a little delay?
Okay, thank you. :)
I'm re-preordering it now
Thank you very much for your expertise :D
Perfect, thank you, it's downloading well!
everything works great!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I'm having latency issues during games, and I should be qualified for the FGS.
it's unplayable
like usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
All is well
and this is so frustrating. The players are lagging, when I pass, it takes 5 seconds for the ball to arrive, this is just not possible
sir, it's useless
I am online
I have a perfect connection
5 days ago, everything was working perfectly
and now I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello.
My terminal doesn't work
It says "transaction refused."
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have attached the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 important events
Very well, I will send the documents quickly
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
Some time later, I saw that a payment was made
I bought a story, Little Thumb
I would like to be refunded for the error incurred.
11.49
Yes.
A PRS-ORG payment over 9.99 was made on my credit card
But I am unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I'm unsubscribed
Will I be reimbursed for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated, I put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you, NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can't open it anymore
And this is not good for my business
When I click on the link it says the store is closed
Thank you, I managed to do it
Have a nice day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How do you want to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I'm French and I created a Belgian sum up
I'm not receiving the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I need to delete once the Belgian account is active
Can you please do what is necessary?
06 68 11 75 30 is my personal phone number
with which I want to receive the code
Hello, I am writing to express my dissatisfaction.
I've been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, and I always loved this game.
PRS-ORG mode has been my favorite mode since PRS-ORG 12.
It is clear that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes on.
PRS-ORG  champions mode is the one that made me want to continue, but now it's very difficult to access... last week, rank 3 played against rank 2, and I couldn't qualify for this week.
I hope a new update will be released soon to change the qualification system in PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I will probably stop playing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, with my PRS-ORG  champions qualification compromised, it's impossible for me to regain 1500 points and win the 9 qualification matches before this weekend
How?
Will you change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope this will change.
I like the ultimate team mode, I like playing in PRS-ORG champions.
And now I get the impression that in order to access it and get good rewards, you need to be a very good player or have a very large team.
Hoping that it will change quickly, see you soon, otherwise goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope that I am not the only one for this to move quickly.
No, thank you.
Have a nice day, stay strong, and I hope for a very quick update
phone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How do I change my email address?
".
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one telephone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I browse your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I have been asked to complete my profile with a phone number, but I can't change the number of telo
so it's dom tom's number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be from PHONENUMBER
yes, no worries
yes, but I'm not receiving the code
I'm being asked for the verification code
but it was sent to 06 92
I'll send you a screenshot if you want
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I'm not allowed to change the number
I haven't received any verification code yet
PHONENUMBER
I was told that I need to start by cashing it
I need to verify my phone number
I just started using your service and there are already some issues
HI, HOW DO I ACCESS MY NUMBER
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid any confusion, please make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) can be installed on multiple smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number goes beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I would like to change my phone number.
the current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Great, thank you very much
No, have a good day.
I would like to speak to an agent
I would like to speak with an agent.
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I assist you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Ms. NAME-F; I hope you are doing great.
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay, thank you.
No, it's all right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
This is NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, I'm an PRS-ORG player. I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points aren't showing up on my Ultimate Team account.
The thing is, I recently changed the email address on my account there and added a more recent email address: EMAIL.
The thing is that my PRS-ORG account has the following email address:
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points went to the wrong account.
CD keys one website.
The code was good, because when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked
So, is it possible that the PRS-ORG points are on another account?
While I have only one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code correctly, which was validated on the PRS-ORG.
The store of my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I start utimate team, the points are not there
The email address associated with my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the email address for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, which I just recently updated
Will the PRS-ORG points be active on the wrong account?
How can I do that?
Do I need to give you proof of purchase?
Can't you check on which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are?
speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, I am trying to connect my shop to my domain name.
The lights are green, but the status is still "not connected"
You didn't understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I am still not connected.
Is it taking some time?
yes
Ok, noted.
Thank you
I'll wait in this case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I cannot log in on PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email it doesn't work, so I created this account, but I can't put it on the game
i called NAME-F, sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, there was a moment that it worked, and it was with my old email
but when I enter my old email it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
my email address linked to PSN is the same as the one I mentioned, EMAIL
it doesn't work
so basically, you're blocking us from playing
I don't think this happens only to me. You would have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game.
having games and not using them is great
I'm not going to create a new PSN just to play it, will you create multiple accounts just for a game?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M,
I always see 0 points... but I made a lot of purchases
How can I get points...and what are they for?
I bought many games and PRS-ORG kits..
And yet, in all that time, I've never received any points...
I never received any points...and I never bought any...
what are they for?
I thought that I could accumulate points when I buy on your website...
PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Happy Holidays to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
".
Talk to an advisor
via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to get in touch with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I want to talk to a counsellor on the phone, but I can't do it
I want to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I have.
I'm fed up with calling you every day to verify my account.
I cancel its opening, I retract and open an account somewhere else
yes
I want to close the account
you are talking to the future, I want to close the account now, not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also had a high priority :)
I already contacted your site
Regency.
A part of the countryside.
delivery
I logged out and logged in again but it still doesn't work
I can't read it
Book bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page.
I'm being forced to relaunch PRS-ORG to access my home page
Yes, that's the one
Ok.
Thank you.
Great!
Have a nice day
On which date was my professional account opened?
talk to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help if you have any questions about your payment terminal, your transactions and much more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm NAME-F, I didn't understand well.
Could you please rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
I would like to know the opening date of my professional account for my tax return?
where do I find the exact date?
No, I opened the pro account after that.
where can I find this info?
Yes.
It's for my tax return and they're asking me for this info!
thank you
Hello Mr.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
my password is no longer working
it's the 2nd time in two weeks
and I can't reset my password because I never receive your email...
and I am forced to contact you via chat or phone to resolve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once more, please?
124876
let's say I'm a regular now ahaha
I was able to successfully change my password
and I can log in to PRS-ORG
thank you
Thanks again and see you later (I hope your servers will still be able to remember my password).
have a good day!
I can't authenticate my laptop
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite get it.
Could you please reformulate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I would love to help you with your verification documents, but this goes beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills.
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
yes
I can't perform the strong authentication of my current phone
I receive the SMS
But the app does not take this into account
no error
when I'm in the strong authentication menu
I can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Thanks too.
Can I explain my request to you?
Well, an investigation is currently underway on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked before yesterday
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I mainly play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying
Perfect, no deadline to give me?
Because it's complicated when you don't have anything in your club
Very well, thank you
No, not at all, thank you
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address
I made a mistake on the content
No, the home address
I made a mistake.
I am being housed free of charge by my boyfriend.
How can I do that?
or I have my mobile phone bills
Or insurance.
yes, I am looking
You don't need to send me the PRS-ORG card
until I have changed the address please
Okay.
I'll send the documents shortly.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
hello, I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
As changing a phone number goes beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I no longer have access to that number
PHONENUMBER
yes, and how long after should I register
because I can't make the payment on my account
thank you very much
no, thanks for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Your game is starting to annoy me!
The same problem as the last futchamp.
this time in my draft
Too many guys ragequit, so it counts as a defeat even though it's the guy who quits
And so, I don't have my reward for 4 Draft victories.
and I lost my 15000 credits
Considering that you did nothing about my last Futchamp, where I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
You're going to say I'll report this and you're not going to do anything?
So?
No, it was him who left
I'm on pc, not console, and I have 600 M fiber
and I didn't have any micro-cut because I was on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't get cut
It is he who left
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player, the game considers it to be that player.
This is bullshit
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I can't access the transfer market on the app or on the web.
On the other hand, access works directly on the game
NAME-M
Could you help me please, sir?
I'm fine, thank you, how are you?
As for PRS-ORG, my name is ALPHANUMERICID-.
I made the mistake of trying to buy PRS-ORG credits on my first account.
So I created a new PRS-ORG account in order to be able to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time.
Only the access hasn't been put on this new account.
I play with Lyon's team as a Lyon fan in the fut mode.
I really like Paqueta, he is very complete for a rating of 81.
I'm doing the dcé to have him in POTM at the moment
And, what about your favorite player?
He is a very good player, indeed, Mbappe. You have good taste.
He has had a very good start of the season, too, with PRS-ORG
Thank you for taking the time to help me.
Have you found an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days and unfortunately nothing has changed yet
Okay, I will continue to have fun then.
The main thing is to have access to it on console.
But the app is very practical for remote management.
Thank you very much NAME-M anyway.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
Pierre
I think it's pretty straightforward
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in the gold edition
And today I got a message when trying to install it, saying: "Unfortunately, it seems that a billing issue has occurred with your pre-order"
So I go to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged "processing".
I can see that the PayPal payment was never charged
So I change my payment method
I just want my game to be unlocked
EMAIL
I can see it, but it's marked "Pre-order failed"
PRS-ORG
This doesn't change the issue
I just did the manipulation
And I still have "Preorder failed"
So, can't you re-process the order or something else?
Because I did provide my payment method, and I still don't see the issue being solved
I even got a notification in PRS-ORG saying that I can play
I relaunched PRS-ORG
I think that's enough after clearing the cache
And if I restart it, I'll lose our conversation
Through the chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I already sent you messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd device, but it returns to the same account.
How can I do it?
Best regards.
How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader for 19€
Yes, I would like it by email.
I haven't received the box yet, but everything should be in order for this Wednesday.
So, once I receive it, I'll be able to set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning saying that my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL.
Thank you
The email this morning was in French, but usually, I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change this so that I get all the communications in French?
Thank you
So no.
At first, I received the emails in French, but not the last ones.
I sent several messages about this unsuccessfully.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Good evening, I'm calling back because I think I've identified the problem
I'm experiencing lag only on PRS-ORG at the moment and I wanted to check my account with the server to see if there's a problem or not
because I have signs like packet loss, but I've been checking on Teamspeak and I haven't had any issues for 50 min
As you can see on this image
URL
Good evening, not much, I've been having a lot of bugs and this is my last solution to contact you.
:(((
URL here is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no packet loss indicator on the top, but I do have some lag.
Is this a problem on my end or on the game's?
Because I'm going crazy
You're going to fix this via a patch, I assume?
But how long will it take?
Because I can't play at all under these conditions and I can't play in a pro club either
Thank you, I hope it will be ok :)
Good evening and thank you.
Good luck with this week
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry.
Your device seems faulty to me.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
CAN'T REBOOT ALPHANUMERICID FAILED TO LOAD
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUR TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S PLEASE GIVE ME MY NAME AND IBAN NUMBER, I AGREE
AND THE TRANSACTION FAILED
TO BE MORE PRECISE, LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15:45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE GAME
FAILED TO LOAD
I have slow fiber optic connection in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello
I'm having trouble with my account being divided in two.
it is more hardline
and have more access to my other mailbox
the problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or one was changed to vinsvodoo (inverse)
either EMAIL
or EMAIL
I never have a problem with PRS-ORG, it's always PRS-ORG that bugs
That is
I don't have access to this mailbox, it's registered on Facebook but it's more than 15 years old
I spoke once to one of your colleagues, and it worked and no more
my real address is EMAIL
this annoys me, I knew I was not going to return to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG, I recovered everything in 1h
so you will lose money because I won't be buying from you again
Hello,
I have a big problem reading the books downloaded from the library, a problem I've recently encountered.
The book is downloaded from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and installed it on my PRS-ORG eReader.
I connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.
I eject my e-Reader before I disconnect it from the computer and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the e-Reader.
Then, when I try to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears saying that my eReader is not allowed to open this book because I would need to authorize it again with our PRS-ORG ID and import it.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address and therefore I have this permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy the book, but I downloaded it from the library.
The last one, today, is N.E.O.
- Volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
I think.
In any case, I'm connected via Wi-Fi and the automatic syncing is turned on.
I don't know when the last sync took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can that affect the permission?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled and re-installed the permission.
I'll try again.
For now I have ADE 4.5.11, I don't understand why!
It's been almost 1 year since I started using it.
What are the factory settings?
good morning, I didn't receive the 3 February payment
I did not receive a payment.
I didn't receive my 3 payments on February 3
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
You chose to make payments using the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds received are thus available on your card the day after a transaction, this is also valid for the weekend.
Important: if the transaction you are waiting for was made before the card payments were set up, the funds will be paid into the registered bank account and not onto the PRS-ORG Card.
The changes in payment method and frequency do not affect past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I'm missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N. Thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in that case, I'll need to speak to a human.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thanks
Okay, thank you very much
Ok thank you very much
No, thank you very much
Thank you too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello, as you know, Star wars battlefront 2 becomes unplayable.
No one dies because of a bug or a godmode hack.
you have been informed of this issue for many days
the game becomes unplayable
hello?
EMAIL
The problems come from you!
From servers
Thousands of players are complaining and you're faking it?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the devs have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is certainly about server hack
thanks for the customer and support service
atrocious
no respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello.
Yes.
My terminal is frozen
I'm trying to send payment link requests to clients
I don't have this feature in my app
It's no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I'm trying to send payment links to my clients
But I don't have the payment by link in my menu
I have payment terminal or cash
That would really help me
Thank you for your help, I'll count on you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I'm having an issue linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
You want the email from my PRS-ORG account, is that it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
An error occurred.
An error prevented us from finalizing your request.
Try again later.
For the PRS-ORG rewards
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the latest sent identity card is good.
and also, how do I set up my bank account?
which one is recorded?
yes, and I received a new ID card with no response
I don't have an IBAN that ends in 0507
Yes.
I can't do it directly on the app
and I just sent the identity card... it's quite urgent, though...
ok...well I'll send you my RIB
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, everything is fine, thank you.
I would like your help because I have never been lucky on the PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing this game since I was 10 and I have never become a big player.
My friend got Hakimi One to Watch in his preorder pack, and I got... NAME-N. Just a few days ago, NAME-M was available.
I've been spending money on the game, buying the pre-order to get 4600 PRS-ORG points and I've never had any luck.
I don't know what to do, please help me
I hear you out, but how come my friend has all these players?
He even got an icon in a previewable pack...
Well, it doesn't matter if you can't do anything
Still thanks
So I will certainly stop playing this game
Merry Christmas
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted with one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I received an invoice via SMS, I would like to receive it by email to get a reimbursement
Transaction ID ALPHANUMERICID, 146,95€
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice on my email.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days now I have been trying to validate my payment by PRS-ORG card for a purchase, I entered all the information, I clicked on continue and register, the Visa verification light is spinning endlessly and no answer.
I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, but the problem is still there.
What's going on?
Please answer me
EMAIL
The revenge of PRS-ORG
I want to buy T2.
Yes, but usually, this doesn't happen when paying!
Why now?
What should I do then?
okay.
Thanks, I will do it right away
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money back in my account, which has already been blocked
I want my money in my balance, my account is already closed
Okay.
Yes, but I already sent a new bank account where the money will be transferred to
yes, I am here
yes, it's me
Yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
My name is BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I got the wrong account linked to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
yes
it is linked to no account, I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, but I don't want it, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes, I can't unlink my account
yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
A EMAIL
But I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, and I want to dissociate it
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
thank you
hello
my terminal is blocked, what can I do?
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
What can I do for you, NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, unfortunately it means that it is faulty.
Its security system has been activated and the block is irreversible.
As I'm unable to assist with this type of request, I'll put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hi, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
Can I have a phone number to call, please?
thank you, it will be easier for me.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How can I change my email address?"
“.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, unfortunately it means it's defective.
Its security system has been triggered and this lock is irreversible.
I am not able to handle this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can do the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry, I have clients
I received an error code bk PHONENUMBER
then I plugged it in and pressed the start button
I did hold to boot and then release to boot
it turned off
I pressed bk
Sorry, I will get back to you when I have more time, I have an appointment with a client.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
NAME-M
I have been getting disconnected from the game and counting as a loss, even though I am winning 3 or 4-0 for several matches now.
This makes me lose my rankings, which means I can't move forward for my team.
I repeat, I have disconnections during the clash of team matches
I'm disconnected and therefore lose the match even though I'm winning
It was not online.
so nothing to do
I'm in clan matches, so it's your game that's crashing...
dégoûter
I'm tired of this. I'm playing the game and I'm getting scammed... I really feel like you don't care about players like me.
not to mention the times I find myself at 8 or 9 users since the start of the match because of a bug....
Hello
I bought yesterday the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I bought the e-book "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I am disappointed with this purchase on your platform which, usually, proposes well-prepared books!
So I would like a refund of €15.99
Thank you in advance
Best regards
EMAIL
Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1 by NAME-M, bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I'd prefer a refund on my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No, thank you, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I did not receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
How can I do that?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
les fiancées du pacifique
I will try PRS-ORG
I am logged in on my computer but on my reader...
How do I reset it with my eReader?
I don't receive an email
ok
I just tested it, and my password for PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG are correct, but my e-reader does not recognize my account
There was an update last night and I can't access it anymore
it says: connection failed
it seems that PRS-ORG or the internet connection is not available at the moment
but I'm on wifi with my computer which I connected my reader to
I just tried again and it's loading...
Yes!!!
it's working now, it just needed a bit more time!...
wooh thank you for your help
ok, I accessed the book I bought yesterday...
have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14 and I haven't received it yet...
February 11, sorry
Here's the invoice number: PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes, on your website
Here is the order number PHONENUMBER
The tracking shows that the package has been at the border since February 14.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
Still, I ordered through this profile... I received an invoice to my email address, EMAIL
But I have another profile with EMAIL as my email address
But I normally used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the 1.49% commission
It's this one
The one I'm writing to you on
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It would be simpler to talk on the phone
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
It's the order number on my invoice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
Pleasure shared!
It's going well, thank you, even though I am encountering a technical problem with the PRS-ORG game on PC
Indeed, I can't get to the transfer market to buy a player for more than an hour
how is this possible?
Thank you in advance and I look forward to your response.
It seems to me that it is a security block put in place by PRS-ORG to prevent hacks and bots.
But I am not one of them.
That's the one.
when I try to access the PRS-ORG transfer market
when I launch the search for the player I want
it indicates to me
"A communication problem occurred with the PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
everything else in the game works except for the transfer market, that is, when I get this message and get booted out of the transfer market
Thank you very much.
Thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor.
Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
I want to speak to an advisor
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I can no longer access the transfer
Yes, which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I don't have anymore
Do you understand?
Hello
You're the best
Yes, I'm going to do it right now
Yes, but it's not the old number
To which email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your name, please, to start?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
I hope so too!
While trying to launch NAME-M's 24-hour mission, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it had disappeared along with all its accessories.
It is no longer in my city or in the inventory...
No, it's on the iPad
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start NAME-M's 24h mission which requires the PRS-ORG palace, and that's when I found out that the palace is no longer in my town or in my inventory
It was this Boitingham castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but I no longer have the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to be contacted with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, can you call me?
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
Can you give me your email address, so I can send you the ID?
contact me by email
I can't see your messages
Leave a message by email, that will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
