Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion before I could reply
Okay
I just told you I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG will send the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you just now.
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG site is as follows:
Order # PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
So you're affiliated with them
that's why you are the best suited to manage this refund
Yes, but since you are affiliated
you can manage it for me
yes
I'll ask them and come back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, can I ask for your first name please to start?
Hi my name is NAME-M
the problem is that my account
fut is linked to my PRS-ORG account
whereas I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes, that's it
because I don't have any PRS-ORG anymore
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes or retrieve my team PRS-ORG companion
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello
I just started a match "fut champions" and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you an image
you are the
nn
I'm in a match as champions, and the game is blocked on the opponent's team.
EMAIL
for your information, I'm still in the game with the opposition team, I don't want to leave the game for fear of losing the game
but if I leave the game, will I not lose?
it's all good, I didn't lose the match. have a nice day
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days, when I try to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: the confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone generally.
I can then synchronise it to the reader.
Except for the audio books that I listen to on my phone
The devil!
What's going on here?
Good.
You will think me very foolish, but until yesterday everything was working.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to find this VPN?
I will try to do what you are advising me.
If this doesn't work, I will come back to you.
Have a nice evening.
Best regards,
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
I used one of your colleagues' services to recover my account this morning
I reset my email, everything is ok, everything works
I just received a message with a 6 digit code to verify the ownership of my account
and I need to report it to a counselor apparently
As I am very afraid of not being able to access my account again, I am panicking a little
yes I am just wondering why I am being asked to do this since I already did it to reset the email and now it is working
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid it will restart to reconfigure email when I don't need it
So thank you, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask you for your first name please to begin with?
hello everyone I had a problem with my account my game code was already used, but I found the correct account, the problem is that it wants to install from the download and not from the CD, because I don't have much internet and a bad connection, so it is a hassle
How do I get it to install from the CD?
because I have 1 day of download left
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
It is downloadable directly
without me entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I opened my account and started the CD, it tried to download it
or its so he wants to download it to install it
yes, it took me 1 day to download it, because of bad connection
I want to install it from a CD and not by download.
Through chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I would like to receive your emails in French, and not in German.
is it possible?
plus I have received emails saying that my account had been verified but 3 months later..
yes
I have French language on my dashboard.
but I receive all communication in German
Yes.
thank you very much
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) in order to make the transfer.
How can I find this information?
I tried to go back and remember the price, but I couldn't find this information later on.
Currently, no, I'm on the support page.
(everything is written in Italian, which doesn't help haha)
Okay very well then I will place a new order!
That's all for me!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we've downloaded all the documents
thanks for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration and it no longer works
yes, I have to download it again
I just did it
I answered the email
Please act quickly.
this is a big loss for us..!
for you too..
ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait a moment while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
hello
I made a request to change a bank account number and I wanted to know when this request would be effective?
it is a professional account for a company
yes I'm always here
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand.
so what should I do?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I assist you?
NAME-M a message saying a payment that I did not make
You have just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic rejections for PRS-ORG **** were disabled.
You will be able to reactivate them when you make your next purchase from a PRS-ORG retailer.
Nn
I don't remember
My new phone was maybe a payment for a game?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "3G mobile data" connection type has been enabled, but even when moving around the office, the connection is not established.
Also, the battery level goes from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds, with every second.
We would like to get a new terminal.
Could you do that, please?
Thank you for your cooperation and best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be charged?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your efficient and good cooperation.
Thank you for your collaboration.
If necessary, you can also contact us by email at EMAIL or by phone at PHONENUMBER.
With thanks and best regards.
No, it's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
Yes.
I have a problem with the transfer limits
I have to send €158,100 to my notary
for the acquisition of a plot of forest
I just learned the ceiling levels
for the time being, I have €59,975 in the account, which I would like to transfer to the notary as quickly as possible
I'm referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
moreover, I'm waiting for €100,000 in the account that was supposed to be deposited into my account
These days
and I should make a second transfer of €98,125
I can give you the notary's funds call to prove all of this.
I wanted to fire 59 975 € yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because you don't know how to code a game.
I launched a draft in the 1st round, 0 minutes into the game, my opponent played a weak move and I took the lead
My first name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes in the meantime he even redid a draft to see if it was me who was wrong
hey?
But is that a joke??
you're useless, you're just incapable, as it always is when I have to deal with you
it's always the same thing, do it well, fuck me, I can't do anything for you
so I have to leave 1h of the game and I would maybe have a draft token??
so in addition to getting fucked I can't play the game for 1 hour?
you're geniuses keep it up you're on the right track
yeah like always there is nothing to do thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and to the point, for example: "How do I change my email address?"
”.
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has still not arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Okay
Unfortunately, I can’t access your payment frequency.
However, you can consult it from your account settings: URL.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thank you
So, is that for today or tomorrow?
Yes
Alright, I'll wait then
Everything is good, good courage to you
I would need a panel for my living rooms
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I’m sorry NAME-F, I didn’t understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I put you in contact with a human.
sign showing the PRS-ORG
i want to speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
I’m here to help you with any questions you have about your payment terminals, your deposits, and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I’m sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello, I would like to know if it was possible to receive a small label with the mark that I have a PRS-ORG
and that my customers can pay by credit card
no
it's not his
when I am in the market I had a small sign indicating that here you can pay by credit card
but somebody stole it from me at the last show
I would like to know if you could send it back to me
a display
Please
3 if possible who can sit on my stand
not those who stick together
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no, it's nice, thanks, have a good day
Hello, the payment links do not work
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How do I change my email address?
”.
Remote collection
I am sorry about that.
Could you clarify what type of transaction this is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote cashing,With my PRS-ORG Card}
Difficulties can arise for various reasons.
In order to find out which one applies to your situation, I will put you in contact with a human colleague.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you.
The remote payment link does not work, it asks for a terminal every time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link but it didn't work, so I made a 300€ QR code
I don't understand why the links don't work
Could you tell me why I have no answer
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake
Thank you very much for your answer and reactivity
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I am contacting you because PRS-ORG has withdrawn 950,000 credits from me on PRS-ORG ultimate team
For reasons unknown to me since the credits I had were earned thanks to players I got from packs, I sent them the photos
And through reselling.
I would like to get my credits back, it is a huge amount!
I dispute the sanction!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I have never done anything illegal!
And everything else I had earned for myself.
And PRS-ORG took everything away from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, I have nothing posted
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never violated PRS-ORG's rules
Yes, thank you, because it is a huge sum of money!
Thank you
So I will not do anything anymore?
I'm just waiting for an email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I sent you pictures of proof before starting this file
I do not know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thanks, so here I ran into a problem for the 2nd time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
indeed, I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (so money) I decide to launch a match
and as soon as I'm partway through, I'm disconnected
definitely cheaters
but this is the 2nd time since I started drafting
and I'm beginning to get fed up with being conned like that
I would like a refund of the points
okay, thank you
No problem.
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you are unable to fix this problem
then you will repay me
I paid
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
it's not normal to do this, your game players lose money because of cheaters
and you are not reimbursing?
find a way to reimburse me
I would not leave without my reimbursement
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
hello,
I have a valid subscription to PRS-ORG
I also play on pc via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription, since it's already valid on the Playstation?
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so in short the problem is PRS-ORG
is the PRS-ORG subscription multi-support?
if I have a subscription via p^laystation it must be valid in PRS-ORG?
or not?
no, you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but it is more valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and a happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log into my PRS-ORG online account, the password reset doesn't work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, it tells me that there is already an account with this ID.
On the other hand, I can download files from my e-reader as normal.
Could you help me?
Best regards,
EMAIL
no, as I can no longer access my account, but I have just found 2 invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my eReader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it works; the last 2 paid purchases were actually on February 16, 2020, and the amounts are the same as on my statement.
It works, I just logged in under Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your home page.
Case closed, thanks for your help and have a good Sunday.
merci, just a purchase proposal: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but from the recent pocket format, so it's less expensive than the large format that came out in 2018.
That's good for me.
Have a good day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I can't play the PRS-ORG games
Unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas, hello, and thank you for your help
it has already returned the PRS-ORG game once, and today it is trying again, but it is the same
I tried it on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one s consoles, with no result
Yes.
we also tried to reset the console to factory mode, but it was no use
update impossible 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
Sorry
when I go to manage the game and check for updates, there are none
yes, it's been 4 days since we've had this error code
there is a problem with the update, when we try to put the game back on the console it blocks
ok, thanks
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I asked by e-mail to have an "employee" e-mail address deleted so I can reuse it with another account.
Your colleague answered me that it was not possible, although it was done for another address the day before.
I haven't had any news following my 2nd message.
So I should hear from you soon?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thanks, I got all the answers I hoped for.
No, thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, I can't make an online payment
failed transaction
Your upload request has failed or has been canceled.
it is really urgent to possibly solve the problem today, thank you
no, thanks
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
as usual every month despite the fact that I recovered my twich prime pack
I didn't receive it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the address EMAIL
and even though I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS prime account, I still feel like there is always this problem of having two separate email addresses
Well yes I made the recovery request and it said "recovery successful"
so the problem is with you and not with me
and in the previous months, the person I had via chat generated the pack for me
I believe, instead, that there is an issue of competence
I didn't log into the console
Only on the app
Okay, thanks.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Through chat
How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 11:00 PM all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID and my register extract yesterday at about 5:00.
My Trade Register extract
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
They need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents as an application directly to my profile.
Yes.
Ok, I will call you back at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there other settings that need to be adjusted?
human
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello.
Hello my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate.
and I would like to know if we could buy the Sum Up 3G without the printer
because the price is very high
I want a second pro quarte
and I want that terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
and?
there is nothing
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is deformed.
It becomes illegible towards the end: superimposed characters and misplaced accents.
It's too much hassle, I would like a refund, thank you.
I am resuming this chat which I started too late on Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"these essential goods" of NAME-F
I don't know if this book is defective or if it's just a problem with my eReader...
I can take photos, but not immediately.
In my book it is on page 294, but this will vary depending on the font size.
In any case, it's about 75%
Willingly because I am not available for anything else
That suits me perfectly, thank you
thanks, good end of service to you
So happy to see you again, NAME-F!
speak to a human
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
Hello NAME-F, a customer paid by link and I don't see the payment
URL
despite being in debt
yesterday
it is written accepted on my transactions... sent on my links.. but not paid
ok, thanks, how come it was not immediate, like it usually is, when paying by link
in principle from the moment of payment, I have notification of the payment
has anything changed?
log back in to the site and not the app?
ok, thanks...
good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
Hello
Last night I started a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my online draft team
At the start of the 1st match the change never happened
After waiting 30 minutes I turned off the console and turned it on again
The game tells me that I left the match, so I lost my token and now have a handicap on my future matches for quitting
Can you fix that?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thank you for your feedback, I tried last night already.
But the app tells me I'm not eligible
That is quite scandalous I must say.
I spent 2 hours on this game for that.
Yes.
Thank you
I'm waiting to hear from you very soon.
platforms
I haven't made any purchases and I don't have any audio books.
my reader was bought in september.
Yes, thanks
since yesterday I've been trying to add books from my adobe to my liseusse.
but it always says I'm not allowed.
I uninstalled all permissions and then installed them again, but nothing changed.
I followed all the steps that I found on your site, but it doesn't work.
the error message I got on my eReader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (drm).
having already authorized your reader before, you must re-import it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is allowed on my computer as well as on the e-reader
but I already have an account PRS-ORG
I've had my eReader since September.
in December, I contacted you about the same case.
that in a year it is the second time I have had this problem.
I love my eReader, but when it causes me problems like that, I have absolutely no desire to recommend it to anyone in my social circle.
if I follow your steps I will lose my connection with you.
I am on my computer
I have disabled my permissions and uninstalled adobe.
I'm going to restart my computer and re-download adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I can't log into my fut account
It has been noted that too many clubs have been created
While I have already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account it says that the account creation limit has been reached.
While this morning I was able to play with this account
Sorry my name is NAME-M
You can help me, please
Thank you
No problem
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
OK, THANKS
I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO LOG INTO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
ON MY IPHONE IT SAYS THERE'S A SERVER ERROR
ON THE PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO CONNECT TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL HERE?
OK C It's not serious but can you help me solve my problem?
Okay, thank you. If the problems are due to maintenance, I'm reassured and I'll wait.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to get started?
a case is already open
PHONENUMBER
I would like to get back the content I had my computer hacked for
or compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I have been playing for 10 years, and I spend 400€ on PRS-ORG points per year, in addition to buying the game
and I was told on the phone that I couldn't get anything back
An inquiry is already open, PHONENUMBER
I would like to retrieve the content that was hacked this morning, or be compensated with PRS-ORG points.
I’ve been playing for 10 years, I’ve put 400€ of PRS-ORG points in the game every year, and all I get on the phone is that I’ll get nothing back
How do I proceed?
EMAIL
I have already done the steps you are going to ask me
give the code, change the mdp etc
I just want to make the finals this weekend with my team
and now I can do nothing
I put money into the game every year, I've put wages in for 10 years and this year I'm not getting any positive feedback, the only time I need you
I was hacked between 9am and 11:30am today
can you "erase" his passage and put everything back like this morning?
At 8 a.m. I still had my whole club
Please save me the trouble.
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more.
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human being.
So, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry.
A person can give you information on the status of your account.
I made a transfer of 1019 euros, but I think my bank rejected it. I would like to know if it has been returned to your system.
Right.
Okay thanks, that's great
So I'm staying put, that's all
Thank you very much
I will wait
No thanks
I'm waiting until after noon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I am having a good day, and I hope the same for you too ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is in there
otherwise I can repeat it
Excuse me?
Your sentence is cut
I just wanted to know, in the career there are a lot of haircuts, while in the pro club there are not so many
Is that normal?
And why?
Otherwise, do you plan to put them later on?
No, that's all right, thanks
No worries!
have a nice day
I will get back to you if this has not been done
Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system when logging into my account
I do not receive the email containing the security verification number
After I entered my login and password.
I checked my spam folder as well
On the PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically, so no problem, but this is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on android
Same thing when I try to log in on my web browser
924311
This email works fine without any problems
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope I won't have any more problems
NAME-M_TEXT:I see that you are experiencing collection difficulties due to your transactional ceiling.
Would you like to discuss this?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, if
please, I'm contacting you for something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
Yes.
I'm really stuck with my customers regarding the payment
I sent my PRS-ORG
yes
the deadline please
waiting times
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer, but I can't play it
he told me that too many computers
mercui
thank you
oh?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I should not have any problem
I don't understand?
I have on my PRS-ORG account
de PRS-ORG normal license
and more than a PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licences
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I assist you?
Hello, I am receiving emails asking me to provide more information or to provide it, thank you
in addition, I have all of them emailed to me, and
Of course, this is a copy/paste of the message I received
Please be informed that as stated in our Terms of Use (URL), a PRS-ORG profile can only be used for a single and same activity.
Please tell us which activity will use your profile and provide us with proof (invoice, facebook link...) for this activity.
If you want to use your PRS-ORG terminal for another business, you need to create a second PRS-ORG profile.
We thank you for your understanding.
Best regards,
Peter
PRS-ORG registration service
I go to fairs and marches, I am also from Plombières, that's why I post these products on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
i send them all by the email I received??
yes 'I sent kbis plus facebook link
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't preload PRS-ORG, I was told that normally everything should be solved quickly... but it's not the case, I preordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
I would like to cancel this preorder and be able to preorder the game again, hoping that this time it will work
Thank you for answering my request :)
Of course
My email address is EMAIL
My id is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I now repurchase it?
or do I have a deadline?
agreed, thanks :)
i recommend it again right now
Thanks a lot for your skills:D
Perfect, thank you, the preloading works well!
Everything works great!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I'm experiencing latency in game while I'm supposed to qualify for the fgs
that's unplayable
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
everything is fine
and the players are slow when I make a pass, the ball arrives 5 seconds later, it's really not possible
sir, it is useless
I'm logged in
I have a perfect connection
it's been 5 days and everything is working fine
and I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My terminal is not working
It says "transaction refused"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile after I upload the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events
Very well, I will forward the documents quickly.
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
There are times when I am notified that a payment has been made
I bought a story forbidden the little rascal
I would like to be reimbursed for the loss incurred.
11.49
Yes.
A PRS-ORG payment of more than 9.99 went to my credit card
But I am unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed?
Will I be refunded for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human being.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my store closed?
NAME-M_TEXT: Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can't open it anymore.
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link it says "store closed"
Thank you, I succeeded
Have a great day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to edit
My Account Settings?
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your inquiry...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello I'm French and I created a Belgian sum up
I don't receive the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I must delete once the Belgian account is active
Can you do what is necessary please?
06 68 11 75 30 is my personal phone number
with whom I want to receive the code
Hello I am contacting you to express my dissatisfaction.
I've been playing since PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, I've always loved this game.
The PRS-ORG mode is the one that has kept me hooked since PRS-ORG 12.
The fact is that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes on.
The PRS-ORG Champions mode is the one that made me want to continue, but now it's very difficult to get access... last week rank 3 had a match against rank 2, and I couldn't qualify this week.
I hope for a very soon update for the change of qualification in PRS-ORG Champions, otherwise I think I won't touch the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, not much with my PRS-ORG champions compromise qualification, and it's impossible for me to earn 1500 points plus the 9 qualification matches before this weekend
How?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thanks, I really hope this will change.
I like ultimate team mode, I like playing PRS-ORG champions.
I have the impression that, to gain access to it and receive good rewards, you need to be a very good player or have a very big team.
Hoping that this changes very quickly, see you soon, otherwise unfortunately goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I am not the only one so that things can move quickly.
No, not at all, thank you.
Have a nice day, keep strong and I hope for a very fast update
phone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure you ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Because changing a phone number is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I am asked to complete my profile with a phone number, but I can't change the telco number
so it's a dom number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes no problem
yes but the code does not come
I'm being asked for a verification code
but this one was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want it
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I'm not allowed to change my number
for the moment, I haven't received any verification code
PHONENUMBER
they tell me that to start to accept
I need to verify my phone number
I just started using your service and there are already some problems
HELLO, HOW DO I ENABLE ALPHANUMERICID ON MY NUMBER
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?
’”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your mobile number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
The current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
Please
great, thank you very much
no, thank you, have a nice day
I would like to speak with an agent
I would like to speak with an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you restate your question, please?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Ms NAME-F, I hope you are doing great.
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay. Thank you
No, it is all right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player, I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12 000 PRS-ORG points, but my points do not appear on my Ultimate Team account
The thing is, I recently changed the email address on my account, so I put in a more recent email address: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is as follows.
EMAIL I fear that the PRS-ORG points will go into the wrong account.
CD keys a website.
The code was good because when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked
Can the PRS-ORG points be transferred to another account, please?
When I have only one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code correctly and it was validated on PRS-ORG.
From my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I start utimate team the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the email address for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL. I just updated it.
Are the PRS-ORG points active on the wrong account?
How to do it?
Do I need to come back to you for a purchasing work?
Can't check which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are on?
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, I am trying to link my store to my domain name.
The lights are green, but the status is still "disconnected"
You did not understand
My shop is on the E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I added the DNS record, and the lights are green.
but I'm still not logged in.
Does it take a while?
yes?
Okay, I got it.
Thank you
I'll wait then
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask you your first name, please, to start?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in on PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email it doesn't work, so I created the account, but I can't put it on the game
I'm sorry NAME-F, my mistake ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, it can be found at my old email
but by marking my old one, it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
My email address linked to PSN is the same as the one with the email
it doesn't work
so in fact they are blocking us from playing
I don't think it happens to me, but I will surely have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game
having games and not using them is awesome
I'm not going to create a special PSN account just to play, you will create multiple accounts just for one game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... yet I made a lot of purchases
How can I get points... and what are they used for?
I bought many games and kits for the PRS-ORG..
and yet, in all that time, I've never received any points..
I have never received any points...and I have never bought any...
what are they for?
I thought that you could accumulate points during purchases on your site.
The PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Merry Christmas to the entire team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?”
".
Talk to a counsellor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I want to speak to a counsellor on the phone, but I can't do it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I have them.
I'm sick of calling you every day to verify my account.
I cancel its opening, I retract and open an account elsewhere
Yes.
I want to close the account.
you speak to the future, it is now that I wish to close the account not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also gave a high priority :)
I already contacted your site
Regency.
A country lane
delivery
I logged out and logged back in but it's still not opening
I can't read it
Book bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page e
I am forced to restart the PRS-ORG to access my home page
Yes, that's it
That's good.
Thank you.
Great!
Good evening
When was my business account opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
for my tax declaration, I would like to know when my pro account was opened?
where do I find the exact date?
no, I opened the pro account later
how do I find this information?
yes
this is for my tax declaration, I need this info!
thank you
Hello Sir
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
my password does not work anymore
this is the 2nd in two weeks
and I can't reset my password because I never receive your emails...
and that I am obliged to contact you via chat or telephone to resolve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again, please?
124876
I’ll just say I’m a regular now hahaha
I was able to successfully change my password
and I can log into PRS-ORG
thank you
thanks again and see you next time (I hope your servers will manage to memorize my password)
have a nice day!
I can't authenticate my mobile
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-M, I did not understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Great to see you again NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents, but this goes beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
yes
I'm not able to perform the strong authentication of my current phone
I receive the SMS
But the app does not take the manipulation into account
no errors
when I am in the strong authentication menu
impossible to activate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Thank you also
May I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently underway on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked before yesterday
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I mainly play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying
Perfect, you have no deadline to give me?
Because it’s complicated when you have nothing left in your club
Very well, thank you
No, nothing at all, thank you
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address
i made a mistake about the contents
no home address
I was mistaken
I am staying for free at my boyfriend's place.
how can i do
otherwise I have bills for my mobile phone
or insurance
yes I am looking
don't send me the PRS-ORG card
until I have changed the address please
agree
I'll send the documents in a little while
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How do I change my email address?"
“.
In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
hello I want to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one telephone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
As changing a phone number is beyond the scope of a virtual assistant like me, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I can't access my number
PHONENUMBER
yes, that's it, and record how long after
because I can't make the payment to my account
thank you very much
no, thanks to you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Your game is starting to get to me!
The same problem as the last futchamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys give up so that counts as defeat when it's the guy who leaves
and so I don't have my reward, 4 draft victories
and I lose my 15000 credits
Even though you didn't do anything wrong for my last Futchamp or I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate.
EMAIL
Will you say again that you're going to pass the information on and then do nothing?
So?
So no, it was him who left
I'm on a PC, not a console, I have 600M fiber
and I didn't have any micro-cuts because I'm on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut
He's the one leaving
It's just that when too many people leave a game against a player, the game considers that it's him
It's bullshit
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-M, it's NAME-M.
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or web.
On the other hand, access works directly on the game
NAME-M
Would you be able to help me please sir?
I am fine, thank you, and I hope you are too
Alor on the PRS-ORG is ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of trying to buy credits on my first account.
So I re-created a PRS-ORG account with the goal of being able to fully enjoy the game, without breaking any rules this time.
The problem is that access wasn't added to the new account.
I play with the Lyon team while being a Lyon fan.
I really like Paqueta a lot, he is very complete for a 81 rating.
I am doing the DCE for it to become POTM right now
And who is your favourite player?
Very good player indeed Mbappe, you have good taste.
He is having a very good start to the season with PRS-ORG
Thanks to you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days already, and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
All right, I'll keep having fun then.
The main thing is to have access to it on the console.
But the app is very practical for remote management.
Thank you very much NAME-M in any case.
I wish you a very good day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
Hello,
Peter
I think it's quite simple
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in gold edition
And today I got a message when trying to install it saying "Sorry, it looks like there was a billing issue with your pre-order"
So I go to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged "in processing"
I only realized that paypal has never been debited
And I'm going to change my payment method
I want my game to be unlocked now
EMAIL
I can see it, but with the message "Preorder failed"
PRS-ORG
This does not solve the problem
I've just done the manipulation
And I always get Pre-order failed
So, can't you just resend the order or something?
Because I entered my payment information and I still don't see the problem being unblocked
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG telling me I can play
I reactivated PRS-ORG
I think this is enough after cache deletion
And if I restart it, I lose our conversation
Via the chat
Hello, I would like to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd case, but it returns to the same account.
How can I do this?
Take care.
How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader at 19€
Yes, I would like it by email.
I haven't received the housing yet, but everything must be in order for Wednesday.
So, by receiving it, will I be able to set it up for another account?
I received an e-mail this morning saying that my order was on the way.
My email address is: EMAIL.
Thank you
The e-mail this morning was in French, but usually I get them in Dutch.
Can you change that so that I receive all communications in French?
Thank you
So no.
At the beginning I received the emails in French, but the latest ones, no.
I've sent several messages to that end with no success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Good evening, I'm back because I think I've identified the problem
I'm lagging only on PRS-ORG right now and I wanted to see at the level of my account with the server if there's a problem or not
because I have signs that I have packet losses, while I checked on teamspeak and I have no loss for 50 min
as you can see in this image
URL
Good evening, I am seeing a lot of bugs and this is my last resort in coming to you.
:(
URL here is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no sign of lost packets in the top, but I have a lot of lag.
Is this a problem with me or the game?
Because I'm going crazy
You're going to fix this with a patch, I assume?
But how long will it take?
Because I can't at all play under these conditions, and even less in a professional club
Thanks to you, I hope it will be okay :)
Good evening and thank you.
Good luck with this week
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry.
Your device seems defective to me.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO REMOVE ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILED
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUROS TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S TO HAVE MY NAME AND MY IBAN I VALIDATE
AND THE FAILURE OF THE TRANSACTION
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15:45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE MATCH
LOADING FAILED
I have low fiber speed in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello
I'm having trouble with my account being divided into 2
j is more hardline
and more access to my other email box
the problem is that i have two accounts on EMAIL
or a was changed into vinsvodoo (inverse)
is EMAIL
is EMAIL
with PRS-ORG jamias never a problem, each time it's PRS-ORG that crashes
that is to say
I don't have access to that email address, it's registered to Facebook, but it's more than 15 years old
I spoke to one of your colleagues, and it worked again, and more.
my real address is EMAIL
it pisses me off I knew I shouldn't have come back to PRS-ORG
With PRS-ORG, I've got it all back in 1 hour
as a result, you lose money because I won't be buying from you anymore
Hello,
I have a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, which is a problem I have faced lately.
I download books from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.
I connect the eReader to the computer to recover the book, the content is imported.
I eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer and briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the reader.
Then, when I try to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears stating that my eReader is not allowed to open this book because I would need to allow it again with our PRS-ORG ID and import it again.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, so I do have this authorization.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I haven't bought any books, but I download them from the library.
The latest, today, is N.E.O.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
I believe so.
Anyway, I'm connected to Wi-Fi and auto-sync is enabled.
I don't know when the last sync took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the permission?
I tried again before contacting you.
I have uninstalled permission and delivery.
I'll try again.
For the moment I have ADE 4.5.11. I don't understand why now!
I have been using it for almost 1 year.
What are factory settings?
Hello, I did not receive the payment on February 3.
I'm missing a payment
I didn't receive my 3 payments on 3 February
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I’m here to help with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
You have chosen to pay by instalments on the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds collected are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, this also applies on the weekend.
Note: If the transaction you are waiting for was made before the card deposits were set up, then the funds will be paid into the registered bank account, and not to the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to payment method and frequency have no effect on previous transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I'm missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in this case, I think it necessary to get a human involved.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thank you
Ok, thank you very much
Ok, thank you very much
no thanks very much
thanks to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
hello, as you know the game Star war battlefront 2 becomes unplayable
no one dies1hp because of a bug or a godmode hack
you have been aware of this for several days.
the game becomes unplayable
hello?
EMAIL
the problems are from your side!
Servers
Thousands of players complain and you feign?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the developers have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is definitely down because of the hack of the servers
thanks for the customers and the after-sales service
awful
no respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, my name is NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please hold while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes
My terminal is blocked
I am looking for how to send payment request links to customers
I don't have this function in my app
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Have you read my questions?
I am looking for a way to send payment links to my customers
But I don't have link payments in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, it would really help me
I count on you, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I have a problem linking my PRS-ORG account) to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
Do you want the email from my PRS-ORG account, is that it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
There was a problem.
An error has occurred and we were unable to finalize your request.
Please try again later.
For PRS-ORG rewards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I'd like to know if the last issued ID card is good.
and also how do I configure my bank account?
which one is registered?
yes, and I sent a NC with no return
I don't have an IBAN that ends with 0507
Yes.
I can't modify it directly on the app
and I just sent back the identity card... it's pretty urgent anyway...
ok.. well, I'll send you my bank details
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thank you.
I would like you to help me because I have never been lucky on PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing it since I was 10 years old and I've never been a big player.
My friend packed the Hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Not long ago there was NAME-M.
Even though I put money into the game, purchased the pre-order to get 4600 PRS-ORG points and I never seem to have any luck.
I don't know what to do, please help me
I'd be happy to hear this, but how come my friend has all these players?
It also had an icon in a previewable pack...
Well, so be it if you can't do anything
Thanks anyway
I will therefore certainly stop playing this game
Thanks, happy holidays
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I received an invoice via text message, I would like to receive it via email to get a refund
transaction identifier ALPHANUMERICID 146,95€
EMAIL
I don't want to get a refund from your company.
I just want the bill in my mail.
Thank you
Hello, I have been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase for 2 days. I entered all the information, clicked on 'continue' and 'register', the visa status light is on constantly and I receive no response.
I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but still the same problem.
What's going on?
Please respond
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I would like to buy the T2
Yes, but usually it does not stick to the payment!
Why now?
What to do then?
right.
Thank you, I'll do it right away
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my account that is already blocked
I want my money on my balance, and my account has already been closed
ok
Ok, but I already sent you a new bank account where the money will be transferred
yes I am here
yes, I am it
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
I made a mistake in the account link for PRS-ORG
EMAIL
yes
it is linked to no account I would like it to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I do not want this, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes, I can't unlock my account
yes but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my competion PRS-ORG I would like to separate them
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
Thank you
hello
my terminal is blocked what can I do
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system has kicked in and the lock is irreversible.
I am not able to handle this kind of request, so I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes.
could I have a phone number to call, please
thanks, that will be easier for me.
Hello my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How do I change my email address?
’.
In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, it means unfortunately that it is defective.
Its safety system has been triggered and this locking is irreversible.
I am not able to process this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes sorry I have customers
I got an error code bk PHONENUMBER
then I plugged in and pressed the power button
I tried to hold down boot and then release to boot
he passed away
i am invalid bk
I'm sorry, I will get back to you as soon as I have more time, I have a customer appointment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
it's been happening for several team matches that I get disconnected and thus count as a defeat even though I win 3 or 4-0
it makes me lose ranks and, thus, to advance for my team
I repeat, I have disconnections during team clash matches
I was disconnected and thus lost the game, even though I was winning it
it was not online
so it has nothing to do with it
I'm in clash of equiope, so it's your game that's making me angry
degout
I'm fed up I play the game and I get screwed over... I really feel like you don't care about players like me
not to mention the times when I find myself 8 or 9 hours into the match because of a bug...
Hello,
I bought the e-book "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1" by NAME-M, but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual settings for font size is accessible, the text is written far too small, and the print quality is poor...
I am disappointed by this purchase on your platform, which usually offers well prepared books!
Therefore, I would like a refund of the corresponding €15.99
Thank you in advance
Best regards
EMAIL
Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
1 of NAME-M bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund on my credit card
Thank you.
Have a good day
No thanks, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I do not receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can I do?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
The fiancées du pacifique
I'm going to try PRS-ORG
I'm logged in on my computer but on my e-reader...
how do I reset my printer?
I did not receive an email
ok
I just tested it and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my eReader doesn't recognize my account
there was an update last night and now I can't access it anymore
it told me: connection failed
it seems that URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
apart from that I'm using wifi on my computer with my e-reader connected
I tried again and it's loading...
Yes!!!
It's here, it just needed a little more time!...
Thank you for your help
ok I started reading the book I bought yesterday...
Good day.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on 14th February and I still haven’t received it…
February 11, pardon
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes on your website
Here is the number of the purchase order PHONENUMBER
Follow-up indicates that since February 14th this package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
Yet I ordered through this profile... I received an invoice on my email address EMAIL
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But normally I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to have a commission of 1.49%
This is the one
The one I'm writing to you on
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It will be easier if it is done orally.
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
That is the order number shown on my invoice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
It is working fine, thank you, even though I'm experiencing a technical problem with the PRS-ORG game on my PC
Indeed, for more than an hour I can't go on the transfer market to buy a player
how is this happening?
Thanking you in advance and waiting for your answer.
It seems to me that this is a security block by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I am none of these.
This is it.
when I look on the transfer market of PRS-ORG
when launching the search for the player I want
this indicates to me
"there was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
everything else in the game works except for the transfer market, so I'm shown that message and kicked out of the transfer market
very good thanks
thank you for your advice
Talk to a counsellor please
So glad to see you again NAME-M!
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry, NAME-M, I didn't quite get that.
Can you restate your question?
I want to speak to an advisor
Hello, my name is, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I no longer have access to the bank transfer
Yes, which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I no longer am
Do you understand?
Hello
You are the ace
Yes I am, right after
But I'm not the old number
To which email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Yes, thanks!
And I hope you will too!
While trying to launch the 24h mission of NAME-M, I realized that the castle of PRS-ORG that unlocked it has disappeared, with all its accessories.
It is no longer in my city, nor in the inventory...
No it is on the ipad
No.
Game on.
I wanted to start the 24h mission of NAME-M which calls for the PRS-ORG palace and that's when I found out that this castle is no longer in my town or in my inventory
It was the Château de Boitingham that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but no longer the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Through the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello
I can't verify my identity, how can I contact you?
for its verification
Thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
could you send me your email address, so I can send you the ID
contacted me by e-mail
your message doesn't show
leave me a message by e-mail it will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
