Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via email about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my entire team has been sold and packages have been purchased without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified email address no longer exists.
to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that is the problem
PRS-ORG
van NAME-F
That's fine
email address: EMAIL
No?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
close the old one?
I can't find where I can do that at URL.
I paid for a book, but didn't receive it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
January 2 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is anyone still there?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 Pass No. 013
This is with the payment
It's in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audiobooks by NAME-M, €52, but I can't download them as audio files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please respond quickly, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it doesn't download anything.
If your purchase information was not so flawed, I would never have started here.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can get the website responsible to update the information?
That could help me in the future, if I should order something.
I just logged out and logged in again on the advice, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy it from the e-reader
When I try to pay, I am redirected to the payment method, which was never the case. It shows very small illegible letters, and then it asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
first delete everything via website
re-enter and how do I sync PRS-ORG
I do it with the e-reader
I will try again, thank you for your help. If it doesn't work, I will contact you.
I am contacting you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't log in to my account, and I can't reset the password either.
EMAIL (but I can't get in anymore)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for that does not come to my mailbox.
Please take the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't get into that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a new password.
Now it seems to work...
Yes, everything is fine!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is quite small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
Over and close.
I try to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be right?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that have an impact?
It concerns the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all is well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
we only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Done, Write Review and Clear.
Why was this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
Then at this point the trial has failed.
I can't open book in my PRS-ORG app
September 5 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I am thrown out every time.
I can open the other books.
It's only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on an PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!it works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read a nice book.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
Meanwhile
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw today
What about PRS-ORG points I purchased from PRS-ORG Microsoft store?
Because when I contact them they say that I should contact you
I want that money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's first talk about the PRS-ORG points purchases
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
I contacted the helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I've been working on it for years and now I would very much like to continue / have it solved.
How nice that you can type in Dutch.
Yes, I would like that, then see if I can also get back more of my game.
ALPHANUMERICID
Already a few times, but then it still doesn't work.
I created a 2nd account, it works.
I was hoping that my account NAME-N...URL would be blocked.
Want to reset again?
Yes, after a password reset, it worked now, thank you so much!
I'll check now if my game is in there too..
But my game is not in it.
Can you help me with that?
Oh I can see my orders in history.
Great, I'll keep looking.
Thanks!!
No, in the browser
I can now, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on "try again" I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the Playstation does not solve the problem either
Re-downloading the app also doesn't work
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only I don't get that discount automatically yet.
In addition, I want to play the 10 hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
I still need the PRS-ORG hub for that, right?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get 10% discount by doing so, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription while it should
How do I contact them about that?
And on September 22nd I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave it a bad bad review.
I'm giving you a good one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is, can you arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
All is well, thank you.
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, on PRS-ORG I did.
But on the console I don't have anything now and on the web app it's not open yet.
I've played a lot of matches already and that's also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches, it still hasn't worked out.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried everything.
After that I ordered another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried all kinds of things.
After that I ordered another book and it went well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's there
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find them anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
Bought my first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I've been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
How do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
Is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect it to a laptop.
I have already tried several cables and laptops, but everywhere the same.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a fault.
I can no longer perform updates / synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much in advance for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use that account for that
Then I have the right version?
Could there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
E-reader has been reset in the meantime, but it still does not make contact with laptop.
On the reader it says that it is connected indeed and it also charges, but on the laptop it remains that access has been refused.
USB device is not recognized...
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories of other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
The title of a book is 'if you are so smart, why are you not happy?'.
thank you NAME-M, a nice day for you too.
I'll let you know when I find my account.
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers do not recognize my e-reader either
I've already cleared the drivers and followed various tips I found on the internet.
I use the included cable, and even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
that's not it either
My proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has dropped quite a bit because of this
tried factory settings.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting USB ports could still work
but contact with PRS-ORG I find a better idea, because I don't have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves
thanks.
I looked quickly, but it's not in there.
The USB ports work perfectly otherwise.
I will contact PRS-ORG
Thanks for your input
thank you NAME-M
No, I will continue with PRS-ORG
Have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 dagen nederlander was the most recent ebook
Good evening.
I'll wait.
I already formulate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted some purchases shortly after purchase.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of e-books that remain visible before I have to archive, if I have to at all?
102 e-books via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my Plus subscription.
So I assume that some of the books I have downloaded will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
Hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get the money refunded
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days further and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need
I spoke to NAME-F last week because my 30% discount code wasn't working
she indicated to just make the purchase and then I would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
unfortunately I haven't received anything on my account yet
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
I just wonder why you are going to refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would be on my account already on Monday :)
If you can give me a rough indication of when it will be credited, I am more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
I am completely at and have purchased all the new e-books from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days that is clear.
So no later than next Thursday
Thank you, you have helped me very well and have a nice evening
Great, I'll fill that in
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that happen if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
Ok
But I can download other books for free, such as PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Those 15 books are per month.
I must delete the read books.
I read on a e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Repair?
I don't see repair
done
I still have to pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you would assume that you can download it without cost.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I just can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer.
however, I have not deleted anything
and this is for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I will of course lose my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I just can't load it.
It gives the following message: Cannot load the saved game.
Probably the game is saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, I haven't deleted anything
and this for all my saved games.
I can start a new game.
But then of course I've lost my progress.
I don't know if I completely understand it.
So I start a new game.
Then I will save.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a moment please
Typing is taking a long time
To play certain games, I need to sign in with an PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says it's already in use.
That's right,  one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thank you very much for the help.
I will see if I can manage.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
I had the choice here between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
Of course I wanted to take this NAME-M.
But because I first checked his player details, my pick bounced back towards UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness so I already have difficulty seeing which pick I indicate.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I'm really bored with this now.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but there is no player name there, I think?
I did take a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if this can serve as proof here?
Unfortunately.
Just find it very remarkable that I'm on NAME-M, watching his player bio.
I went back and then pressed X to choose this player, suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter. Although I'd like to admit that when selecting and selecting 'yes' again, the mistake was on my end.
But by then the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate this
Yes, you can do that.
And what could be the consequences of this?
OK
I just had a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
ring-a-ding-ding from NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I did see that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018....!
Then tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription has been terminated because the financial information was not correct...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020 the last debit was made.
Not that I know of.....I bought the e-reader in August 2017 and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 a month.
After half a year it turned out that I had a subscription at both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... I don't know how that's possible... but 1 subscription was canceled.
Then I faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
The last debit was on December 14th...
December 14 2020
So reactivate at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try it out..... thanks in advance for your help...... if it doesn't work I'll get back to you!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I tried to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure it comes in my account?
thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be it
it is in my account
Thank you!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but it will be okay
thanks for the help for now
no it's fine
thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Weren't I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL, the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know that.
I can only see in my PRS-ORG account that URL is listed.
That's right.
And on the e-reader in settings (so the device) EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should also be set to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, is it important that PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the e-reader device?
I don't understand.
Do I have to log out of the old email address on the device at Settings/Accounts subcategory PRS-ORG?
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I also have to log out of the Pocket section?
And at adobe, the withdrawal of the old email address is now being processed.
Will that be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digital illiterate
And am I at risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email, but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did get this book
Here is proof of my payment
Thanks for your answer.
These are the two books.
See photo above
You can see in my account that I didn't receive those two books
- Date on which the costs were charged: June 7, 2023
Amount: €24.98
- Postcode (from the billing address on the bank statement) our postcode is 3840.
See further payment details on the pictures below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- name of credit card holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book of the seventh sister on may 6th at 20:05, but I can't synchronize it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I don't see it in my account on PRS-ORG recruits.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date directly
Yes
Look for it a bit..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I will do that.
I found the book!
:) Thank you very much for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I am NAME-M
Can you help me solve my problem?
Have you seen my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I have been experiencing this for a long time now..
That's right.
I sent you a screen shot with my status.
this stays on gray and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the pc.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc myself.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It's a shame (unfortunate) if I now have to start all over again.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh, how unfortunate.
Do you know if that can happen in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your reply and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account in a long time.
I wanted to sign in now but it doesn't work.
The verification code that was sent also goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I am not receiving an email from it.
*not even at unwanted
I have already tried that, but I don't receive an email from here.
When I want to create a new one, I get a message that an account already exists at that mail address.
But can I create a new account on the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I'm NAME-M (dad) I'm here with NAME-F (daughter)
certainly.
The code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Newly purchased anyway
That's fine, I'll wait a moment
This seems to me not correct.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because at home, installing it on the PC is not possible.
So we haven't gotten to entering the code yet.
I bought a stand-alone dvd player just for this game this week!
I'm going to try that.
Do you want to wait a bit?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and cannot get the game we bought new ourselves installed.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG had anything left to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Have a nice evening
I have received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled before renewal, which is why the reminder is not valid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already cancelled it before the renewal.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already canceled
Yes, by email NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription, I have nothing else running
PRS-ORG Reading &amp; listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€12,99
but I had already cancelled it for this period
Ah okay, they referred me back to you again
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
I understand
no, that was it
Thanks, still working
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG and it was also debited, but I did not receive an ebook.
Ordered via telephone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my e-reader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps as in turning off etc.
EMAIL
20 and book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my e-book is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you my day is going fine
If I leave the chat, will it be gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 card no.014
It's on it!
Thank you very much.
Best regards and have a great day
Hello, I have an ereader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official cover with it that goes into sleep mode and it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I then opened it (it has not fallen, not moved and nothing has risen on it.
It also didn't get wet) the screen looked weird.
There is still sleep mode at the top, then there is still a part of the book to be seen in stripes and triangles, the cover, and somewhere there is still a vague "94% read".
There are also vertical stripes to be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then it continues to show, when I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going to turn on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how can this happen after only a year?
Hello
EMAIL
And I think it's a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late response.
Here is the picture of the screen.
The device has already been left alone, I've already reset it, etc., but it keeps showing this for no reason.
Good evening, ah that's strange.
I'm sending it as a PDF now, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased e-book has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Super!
Thanks.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
Book arrived by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I'll do it through PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
Have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
According to the login tab, my account can no longer be found
Which is a real shame because there is quite a lot of money in it
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
Or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M, surely you know that guy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes so you guys put Knock out city free but I paid for it there.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euros.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back?
Hello?
No, I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I had to contact you.
Yes, okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, only in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't log in to the web app now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
Can I then enter the web app from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years, only not in 22.
you have all the information right
Hmm, then my friends will have a head start because they can use the web app earlier, I'm not sure if I'll be able to get it then
hmm too bad there's nothing to do about it, then I'm not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
I've been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can't log in anymore
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that is called that
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
correct, it is in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in 1x a month or?
Then I will try that
thanks in advance
coming well, you also wished the best
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
In fact, I had the problem that I did not get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end, I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming, and then check if it worked.
I have this.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Really?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I am also from Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to e.g.
Pre-loading it as early as September 21.
But I can't add it.
Does this have to do with the fact that I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the gaming sector when it comes to purchases?
Because e.g.
In Belgium you can't buy PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to be sure that I get that PRS-ORG version because I'm paying for it.
that PRS-ORG just for that..
Okay.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone in person.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been passed on to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone, please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I'm really getting discouraged
Thank you, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there any phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just had something weird happen, I don't understand it.
I log into my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
It is no longer in my library
how can this be?
True, but I just logged into PRS-ORG and there I can see it.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see that
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well but I'm really upset.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked to it, and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can now start all over again and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently, there is a strange email address, as shown in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it secured with 2-step verification, and I've already changed my PSN password.
Only the PRS-ORG account I can't get in, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem earlier.
However, I received a phone call, which caused my contact to break the conversation.
But now I am present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I didn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to has, I think, made sure that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it only says "loading" with a clock
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
Meanwhile, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you, and carry on with them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I've been waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this will take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wasn't going to take that long.
Can you check how long?
Because I am always told to wait, but no time indication.
1 week was said that is now 1 week
And you can't see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'll take that as a given now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But I'm not being told this.
PRS-ORG
Said
Was never told very unprofessional so?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So now I have to wait another week?
Why isn't this communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
I have to wait
And do nothing but wait?
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I have forgotten my password.
I have been logged out of my account, so I can't do anything now
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via email or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
Yes, that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG froze
I restarted it
It turns out the package I got from that sbc was quickly sold out
And of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradeable
Yeah, I would just like to have my price from that sbc.
I have also added photos of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is, I believe, EMAIL
and otherwise my old one, which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I have tried everything I could find on the internet, but nothing works.
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I haven't been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but it is not possible
Okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just wait and see then.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1st and this was not deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in, nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay, and then
But they say contact them
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but since it has now become cross-play I purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app, but I'm automatically logged in to my PRS-ORG playstation account, which I don't want to use this year. I want to use my PRS-ORG (pc) account for ultimate team
now I have removed my Playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app
thank you
no I never played on pc with PRS-ORG but I am busy preloading PRS-ORG
Okay, so this is because I've never created an ultimate team on PC?
So if I do this when the game comes out, can I fully use the web app?
well damn that I miss a lot of coins now :(
It's clear to me, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question regarding an update of an already pending request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that time it was said that a specialized team was going to investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was simply whether there was a possible update since I still have not received a response/compensation or the like for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
Last week, it did indeed say every day that the status was updated and remains in progress.
Of course, it's a bit annoying, but you yourself don't really know what exactly still needs to happen or how far they are in that
Hopefully so indeed, the desire to play the game has been much less the past week
In any case, thanks for the effort.
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I can't access the server at all.
But I created a new PS5 account and it works on it.
the same for all my friends they can also play rivals
I have already done a restart and all the help available online
But unfortunately nothing
and it has been this way all day now so I won't be able to get rewards tomorrow either µ
Correct
Great!
thank you in advance
I did get a market ban, but I'm currently considering that, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals?
ok, so it's not weird that another account can access rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
Okay, great, I'll do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
But I shouldn't worry about my divisions?
that it will be back to normal?
Are you sure about that?
great, thank you very much!
have a nice evening, take care!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat and he disconnected.
My controllers have a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play.
I reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2 which makes it difficult to play
Where can I find the controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if there's anything I can do about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I possibly can use something from a memory card or something; which allows the game to play at normal speed.
I would like to hear, thank you in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay in that.
So you will be faster in e.g.
ends up hitting the guardrail instead of the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah they are quite high now (you mean screen mode etc?
Oh great, thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thank you.
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader through synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it cannot be opened on the e-reader.
How can I fix that?
EMAIL
I think February 14th.
Oh no, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work, contact us
Okay, I'm going to work on it now
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
Got them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Also not in dfe purchases.
Discussed with a colleague of yours earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no results yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crossroad works.
I will also check the second book.
It does too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thanks!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up again.
In any case, several books about mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euros per
month.
I don't need that at the moment, but it is completely unclear to me how I can cancel it.
I have been endlessly searching several times.
Yes.
I think that's very nice.
Maybe I will come back to pp some time, but I am not using it for a while.
Very nice!
And it was arranged smoothly.
Thank you...
No, fine.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but cannot open them, I get a message that this document cannot be opened, am I doing something wrong?
EMAIL
January 5th
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books?
Okay I'm going to try it, thank you, I hope I get it out
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes I'm a computer illiterate it may take a while
Great, it works, thank you.
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can't get rid of that.
I also can't find how to do that.
Please help.
EMAIL
No
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something
That didn't help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Isn't there a simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I put a lot of time and money every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without message and reason
A request was created yesterday, but now it says "resume" with that request, so I'm curious if that goes well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I haven't done anything wrong that my trust is gone and I'm actually planning to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued to play while due to PRS-ORG's outage I missed my item and fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you then have to wait 10 days?
Okay and how long will that take?
I'm pretty much done with it.. not with you though but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see, but my confidence is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I think it's too risky if suddenly a block is set on it.
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up soon
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day too.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so I could
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account.
so I have to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it's really so
I can't send proof
sorry sir
looked wrong
it's EMAIL
That's it
sorry for the mistake
Alright
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has since been resolved.
Only the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help restore this.
The hack has sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought them back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I fully explain it, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the time before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I have received a reference number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
Yes, my son plays that.
No, that is not necessary.
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but then the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
My old email address was EMAIL but I want to change it to EMAIL
My account does not need to be recovered, just my e-mail address please
Great, I received a code via my email, can I use this to change my email now?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thank you so much!!!
Good morning, I bought a book on Monday via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oeps!
This document could not be opened.
Something may be wrong with the file.
I have done synchronization several times but unfortunately it does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
recovery, purchase via the site
I'm working on it now, but it will take a while, I see, I have to search for a wifi password.
If it doesn't work that way, I will sign up again.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can continue.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have my mother's e-reader.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
Nobody knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I can't get in?
That I could change by the way yesterday on the e-reader.
I can't find those data anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, will it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link them to my own account?
That will help me a lot
You're a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All right.
Thank you.
I'll take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hi, I forgot my PRS-ORG, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up my ww password.
link copied to browser and then I can't proceed with setting up nw ww, how does it work?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
okay I'll stay online
exactly
then I come to the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to create a new ww via the link in the email
then I end up in the PRS-ORG help screen resetting the ww account
Yes, I will do that right away.
Done
I was able to change the WW. Thank you very much.
Now I'm going to see if I can find a list of free e-books on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG can't open purchased ebook.
it is on the device but says it cannot open this document.
Restarted and downloaded but it doesn't open it.
also placed via URL directly on the device also does not help
EMAIL
How can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
fine
I don't have the option PRS-ORG  unsubscribe
okay I did
Bought and paid for an audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Went something wrong.
Was also last time
EMAIL
Today, just now
I didn't get the last purchase no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and enter my details
Book by NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
That is my mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday, but that person has not yet received it, but I have already paid 20 euros.
I haven't received a confirmation either.
Can you check what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has indeed been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it. Thank you. Have a nice weekend.
ordered 2 books last night - by error paid 2 x - 2 x 10 euro and received nothing, does not seem to be correct, I would like help in this
EMAIL
the last was January 16 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so February 7
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer for 2 for 10 euro
I purchased the last 2 last night
is coming up
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
have to cut and paste
toppie books have arrived
thanks for this great service
we are happy again
no my day is going well again thank you so much and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday through the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 card no.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is on it now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
