Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via email about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my whole team was sold and packages were bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked...
I have already changed all my PRS-ORG passwords and PRS-ORG has changed.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The email address you provided no longer exists.
to change my login details, I need to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this does not exist anymore.
that is the problem
PRS-ORG
from NAME-F
That's good
Email address: EMAIL
No?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where to do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but didn't receive it.
Can someone contact them?
EMAIL
January 2, 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is with the payment
He is in between.
Thank you for the help and have a great day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audiobooks by NAME-M, 52 euro but I can't download them as audio files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please give me a quick response, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I have downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it is not downloading anything.
If your purchase information was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
Thank you for your help.
Maybe you can have the website administrators correct the information?
That could help me in the future if I were to order something.
I just logged out and logged in again on advice, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I am buying from the ereader
when I want to pay, I am redirected to the payment method which was never like that, very small unreadable letters and then he asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
first delete everything through the website
delete everything through the website and how does PRS-ORG synchronize?
I then do it with the ereader
I will try it again, thank you. If it doesn't work, I will contact you.
I am contacting you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't log in to my account, and I can't reset the password either.
EMAIL (but I can’t get in anymore)
PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link to do so does not come to my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't log in to that account, nor can I reset my password.
It should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'll try it right away.
Yes, I understand, for now the entry via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account password combination.
I have now requested a new password.
Now it seems to be working...
Yes, everything is fine!
The login screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thank you for the help.
Books accessible!
Over and done.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I don't have a download option in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG of NAME-F.
This is a 1 month trial period.
Could that be the cause?
The following purchase is concerned: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If everything is correct, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review, and Delete.
Why was this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
Then the trial period has failed.
I can no longer open the book in my PRS-ORG app
September 5, 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I am being kicked out all the time.
I can open the other books.
It is only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!It works again.
Thank you
No.
I'm going to read a book.
Thank you.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
Meanwhile
Very nice
I was banned from PRS-ORG today, I saw it.
What about PRS-ORG points that I purchased from the Microsoft Store from PRS-ORG?
Because when I contact them, they say I should contact you.
I want that money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's first talk about the PRS-ORG points purchases
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
I am PRS-ORG.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
I contacted the helpdesk in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working on this for years and would really like to get it resolved.
It’s great that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please, then we can see if I can get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but then it still doesn't work.
I created a second account and it worked.
I hope my account NAME-N...URL is not blocked.
Do you still want to reset it?
Yes, after resetting the password it worked, thank you so much!
I'm checking if my game is in there now..
But my game is not in it.
Can you help me with that as well?
Oh I can see my orders in the history.
Great, keep looking.
Thank you!!
No, in the browser.
I can do it now, thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the ps4.
When I start this app, it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on “try again” I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games work.
Restarting the PlayStation does not solve the problem either
Downloading the app again doesn’t help either
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, but I'm not getting the discount automatically.
In addition to that, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
I still need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount that I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, I don't get the extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, even though I should.
How do I contact them about this?
And on September 22nd I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
That’s right
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave it a bad bad review.
I give you a good one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
My name is NAME-M.
Hey!
My question is if you can arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
It's going well, thank you
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, I had that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason why I wanted to ask.
Because after playing so many matches, it still hasn't worked.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried everything.
After that I ordered another book and that went well.
EMAIL
17 May 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have tried everything.
After that, I purchased another book and it worked well.
That’s correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number that is listed is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It is written there
No, that was everything.
Thank you
I have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the ereader.
I can't find it anywhere on the ereader.
EMAIL
yesterday I bought my first ebook at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I have been trying to get that on the new ereader all day...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
Is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available.
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have already tried different cables and laptops, but it always says the same thing: USB device not recognized and caused a malfunction.
I also can't perform any updates/ synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I do anything about it?
Thank you very much for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader, so I don’t use the account for that.
Then I do have the right version?
Is there any other reason why I can't connect it to the PC anymore?
The eReader has been reset, but it still doesn't connect to the laptop.
The reader says that it is connected and it is charging, but on the laptop it still says that access is denied.
USB device is not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by the computer.
I have already tried several things (different/new cable, different computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
I read stories on the internet from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
the title of a book is 'if you are so smart, why aren't you happy?'
Thank you NAME-M, have a great day too.
I will hear it that way if you have found my account.
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers also do not recognize my ereader
I have already uninstalled the drivers and followed several advices I found on the internet.
I use the cable that came with it, and I have even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that either
my proposal is that I send it back, because I don't see any other option anymore
I only don't know if I want to send it back, because my trust in PRS-ORG has decreased a bit because of this.
I have also tried factory settings.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the USB ports could still work.
but I think contacting PRS-ORG is a better idea, because I don't have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves.
Thank you.
I quickly looked at it, but it's not in there.
the USB ports work perfectly.
I will contact PRS-ORG.
thank you for your input
Thank you, NAME-M
No, I will continue with PRS-ORG.
Have a nice day!
similarly
ebook
365 days Dutch was the most recent ebook
Good evening.
I am waiting.
I'll formulate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 ebooks.
I deleted some purchases shortly after I bought them.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of ebooks that will remain visible before I have to archive, if I have to archive at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG ereader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my ebooks that I read via my Plus subscription.
So I assume that some of the ebooks that bother me will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
Hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get the money back
November 1st 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are now a few days later and I have not received anything yet
Subject: Chat log PHONENUMBER
Take your time
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my 30% discount code wasn’t working.
she indicated to just do the refund and then I would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
unfortunately, I have not received anything on my account yet
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, that’s fine.
I am just surprised that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would be on my account already on Monday :)
If you can give me a rough indication of when it will be credited, I will be more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money on my account and not as credit
I am fine and I have bought all the new ebooks of goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 business days is clear.
So at the latest next Thursday.
Thank you, you helped me perfectly and have a nice evening
Sure, I'll fill that in.
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap on a book and it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription?
Okay
But I can download other books for free, for example PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
those 15 books are per month.
I need to delete the books that have been read.
I read on a e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Repair?
I don't see any repair
done
Still paying for recommendations.
I know that not all books are included in the PRS-ORG subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it without costs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I can't get it to load.
He gives the following: Can't load the saved game.
The game is probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
I didn't delete anything
and this is for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I can't load my saved PRS-ORG game.
It gives the following message: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game is saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
I have not deleted anything
and this is the case for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I am of course losing my progress.
I don't know if I understand it all.
So I start a new game.
Then I will save it.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'll try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Sem
Yes, just a moment
Typing is taking a long time
To play certain games, I need to sign in with a PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, he says that it is already in use.
That's right, one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thank you very much for the help.
I'll see if I can manage it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
I had the choice between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
I wanted to take this NAME-M of course.
But because I first checked his player data, my pick jumped back to UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness, so I already have a hard time seeing which pick I am indicating.
Especially since I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back to UEL tapsoba...
I am really bored with this.
Yes, there is indeed a confirmation requested, but I don't think there is a player name on it?
I did take a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as evidence here?
Sorry.
I just find it very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, and I look at his player bio.
I went back and then pressed X to choose this player, but suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter, even though I'd like to admit that the mistake was mine when selecting and selecting 'yes' again.
But by then the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate this
Yes, you can do that.
And what could the consequences of this be?
Okay
I just had a chat session with NAME-F.B. Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
ringing of NAME-M
I just had a chat session with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this...I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I did see that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018....!
When I tried to log in via URL, I got the message that my accounts could be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription was terminated because the financial data didn't match... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
The last depreciation was in December 2020.
Not that I know of....I bought the e-reader in August 2017 and took out a subscription for €9€9.99 a month.
After half a year it turned out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG...I don't know how that's possible...but one subscription was cancelled.
Then I faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
The last payment was on December 14th......
December 14, 2020
So reactivate it at PRS-ORG?
I will try that....thank you for your help....if it doesn't work, I will contact you again!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I'm trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure that it comes in my account?
thank you in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be him
it is in my account
Thank you!
I don't have my e-reader with me
but it will be alright
thanks for the help anyway
No, it's fine.
Thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, wasn't I?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL and the email address of my ereader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the ereader device?
I don't know.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that there is a URL listed.
That's right.
And on the ereader in settings (so the device) EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should also be changed to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I have bought 2.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
Is it important that PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the ereader device?
I don't understand.
I have to log out the old email address at the device in the sub-section PRS-ORG at settings/accounts.
And then what?
What do you mean by my email address IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD?
Do I also have to log out of the Pocket section?
And now, in Adobe, the old email address is being revoked with the old email address.
Will that be changed automatically?
And how should I log in?
Sorry I am really a digital illiterate
And do I risk losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I didn't receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved on my account.
This is from another purchase today.
I did receive this book.
Here is proof of my payment
Thank you for your answer.
These are the two books.
See the photo above
You can see in my account that I didn't receive those two books.
- Date on which the costs were charged: 7 June 2023
Amount: €24.98
- Postal code (from the billing address on the bank statement): our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details in the photos below
- First 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- name of the credit card holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book of the seventh sister on May 6 at 20:05, but I can't synchronize it with my PRS-ORG ereader and I also don't see it in my PRS-ORG recruit account.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date immediately
Yes
Look it up..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I'll do it.
I found the book!
:) Thank you so much for the quick help!
No, it is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Have you seen my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on grey.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
when I start PRS-ORG I can't connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a long time now..
That is correct.
I have sent you a screen shot of my status.
it stays on grey and not online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on my PC.
Can I do that, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on my PC.
But I hoped to be able to use my account on both places.
It's a shame (unfortunate) if I have to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that will be possible in the future?
That's a shame, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere…
Hopefully in the future
Thank you for your answer and have a great evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to sign in now but it's not working.
The verification code that was sent is also going to a wrong email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the password forgotten option but I am not receiving any mail from that.
*not even at unwanted
I have already tried that but I am not receiving any mail from it.
When I try to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account on that email address.
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code.
I am NAME-M (father) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
Sure.
The code is PRS-ORG
It was years ago, I think in a toy store.
Newly purchased in any case
That's good, I'll wait a bit
This does not seem correct to me.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can check if the code works?
Because at home, it's not working on the PC.
So we haven't gotten to entering the code yet.
I bought a stand alone DVD player just for this game this week!
I'll try that.
Do you want me to wait a bit?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG herself on her previous PC.
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and cannot get the game we bought new ourselves installed.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG has anything else to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Nice evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription via URL.
PRS-ORG says they will contact you.
This subscription has been terminated before the renewal, which is why the reminder is not valid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already cancelled it before the renewal.
But now I am getting a payment reminder for the period for which I had already cancelled.
Yes, by email NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription, I have nothing else running
PRS-ORG Reading & Listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€12.99
but I had already cancelled it for this period.
Ah, okay, they referred me back to you again
but I will contact them again
Thank you for your help.
I understand
No, that was it.
thanks, still working on it
Yesterday I bought an ebook from PRS-ORG.
I paid for the ebook yesterday via PRS-ORG, and it was also debited, but I haven't received the ebook.
Ordered via phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my ereader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps like turning it off etc.
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my ereader sorry
Thank you, my day is going great
If I leave the chat, will it be gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
It's on there!
Thank you so much.
Best regards and have a great day
Hello, I have had an ereader from you since July 2022.
So it's been less than a year.
Today I was reading on the ereader, I also have an official cover with it that makes it go to sleep mode and it closes.
I used the ereader, closed the cover and put it down.
When I opened it up (it didn’t fall, it wasn’t moved and nothing got up on it.
It also didn’t get wet) the screen looked strange.
At the top, in sleep mode, you can still read it. Then, in stripes and triangles, you can still see part of the book, the cover, and somewhere it says “94% read” in a blurry way.
There are also vertical stripes to be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the tr continues to show, if I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going to turn on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how can this happen after only a year?
Hello
EMAIL
And it seems to be a PRS-ORG to me
Sorry for the late response.
Here is the picture of the screen.
The device has already had rest, I have already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, that's strange.
I'm sending it as a PDF now, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Great!
And thank you
Great!
Thank you.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Is there anything else I can do?
The book is here by the way!
:)
Oh super!
Next time I will do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thank you for the information.
Have a nice evening!
Thank you and I will do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
My account is not found according to the login tab
Which is very unfortunate because there is a lot of money invested in it
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
Or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M, you should know that, dude
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Yes, so you guys gave Knock out city for free, but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city from PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it is free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I should contact you.
Yes, okay thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but I didn't get PRS-ORG in 2022.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't log in to the web app now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened.
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I then log in to the web app from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years, just not in 2022.
you should have all the information you need, if all goes well
Hmm, then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the web app earlier, I'm not sure if I'll even get it then
hmm, too bad there is nothing that can be done, then I will not be able to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that sounds like that
I log in via Facebook, then it recognizes the mail address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I can't get it
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app log me out of the app?
Is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I will try that.
thank you in advance
it's good, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Oh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
I had the problem that I couldn't get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to delete my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have it.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I do not have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store in Belgium (I am also in Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to e.g.
My friends have already been able to pre-load it on 21 September.
But I can't add it to my game library.
Does this have to do with the fact that I live in Belgium and Belgium has adjusted certain laws in the gaming sector when it comes to purchases?
Because for example.
in Belgium you can't buy any PRS-ORGs because of the new laws in the gaming sector.
I just want to be sure that I get that PRS-ORG version because I am paying for it.
that PRS-ORG version especially for that..
Okay.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone in person.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been passed on to your team 10 times, but the lock remains.
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result…
I'm really getting discouraged.
Thank you, I really hope you can help me.
Is there any other phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about it…
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem…
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I just had something weird happen, I don't understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG on it.
He is not in my library anymore
how can this be?
Yes, that's right, but I just logged in to PRS-ORG and I can see it there.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG, I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see it.
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hello.
I'm doing well, but I'm really upset.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players and transferred my budget in PRS-ORG.
I can start all over again now and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently, there is a strange email address attached, as can be seen in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it secured with 2-step verification, and I have already changed my PSN password.
I can't log in to the PRS-ORG account, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted you about my problem earlier.
However, I got a phone call, which caused my contact to break off the conversation.
But now I am back!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I didn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to has probably made sure that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just keeps saying "loading" with a clock
My question is, can you help me to get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
Meanwhile, I see that there is no longer a loading icon
ALPHANUMERICID
All good.
That's enough for me.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you and keep up the good work!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
My case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I have been waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this will take?
Yes, but I have been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it would not take that long.
Can you check how long it will take?
Because I am always told to wait, but I don't get a time indication.
1 week was said, now it's been 1 week.
And you cannot see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'm assuming that now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being said to me
PRS-ORG
Said
Was I never told that was very unprofessional?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case.
So I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you reopen the case you have to wait again?
Maybe a point of feedback?
I just have to wait.
I have to wait
And just wait and do nothing?
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I have forgotten my password.
I have been logged out of my account, so I can't do anything now
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via the mail or?
The linked email address is EMAIL
I don’t have access to it anymore
yes that's correct, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Okay
I just did PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
I restart it
It turns out that the package I got from that sbc was quickly sold out
and of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradeable
Yeah, I would like to have my prize from that sbc just like that.
I also added photos of how the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my nickname
and my email address is supposed to be EMAIL
and otherwise my old one which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on my PC
When I start my PRS-ORG on my PC, I always get the message that Secure boot is not enabled
I have already tried everything on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I haven't been able to play it yet
and I would like to play but it's not working
okay
Thank you for your help, I will just wait then.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
I am PRS-ORG.
May I ask your first name?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1st and they were not deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in to logging in, nothing helped
I'm afraid I've lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay and then
But they say contact us
Okay, thanks, I will do that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but because it has become crossplay now, I have purchased eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the PC
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app but I automatically come to my playstation account of PRS-ORG which I don't want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (pc) account for ultimate team
now I have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app at all
thank you
no, I never played PRS-ORG on PC, but I am busy preloading PRS-ORG.
Okay, so this is because I have never created an ultimate team on the PC?
so if I do this when the game comes out, I can use the web app fully?
it's a shame that I'm losing a lot of coins now :(
It is clear to me, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question regarding an update of a previously open request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
Then it was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there was an update since I still haven't received a response/compensation or something for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
The past week, every day it said that the status was updated and it remains under consideration.
Of course it's a bit annoying, but you yourself don't know exactly what else needs to be done or how far they are in that regard
Hopefully it will be, the desire to play the game has been much less over the past week
Anyway, thank you for your effort
good evening
Good evening
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Sorry, not haha!
I no longer have access to Division Rivals
I can't access the server at all
but I created a new PS5 account and it works on that one.
the same for all my friends, they can still play rivals.
I have already restarted and done all the help online
but unfortunately nothing
and it has been like this all day, so I won’t be able to get any rewards tomorrow either
That’s right
Great!
thank you very much in advance
I did get a market ban, I am currently considering it, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals?
okay so it's not strange that another account can play rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfer market ban?
EMAIL
okay, great, I'll do that!
Thank you so much!
but I shouldn't worry about my divisions?
will it just come back in order?
are we sure of that?
super then you are already artfully thanked!
nice evening and goodbye!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I was just in a chat and he disconnected.
My controllers have a lot of resistance on L2 and R2, making it difficult to play.
I reset them but that doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on L2 and R2, making it difficult to play.
Where can I find the controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if there is anything I can do about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I can possibly use something from a memory card or something, so that the game can play at normal speed.
I would love to hear that, thank you.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game, the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right, there is a certain delay.
This means that you will be able to get in faster, for example.
the guardrail ends up on the road instead of the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah, they are set pretty high now (you mean screen mode, etc.?
Oh super thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And if not, I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thank you
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it won't open on the ereader.
How can I solve this?
EMAIL
I think it's February 14th.
Oh no, I see 15 February.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There might be something wrong with the file.
Try to synchronize and if it doesn't work, contact us.
Okay, I'll get started on it now
Done!
Thank you for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I received them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the ereader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in dfe purchases.
I went through it with a colleague of yours earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And still no result
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
The intersection is working.
I will also check the second book.
It also works.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up.
At least a few books about mediation.
Among others, the handbook.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euro per year or something longer ago.
month.
At the moment I don’t need it, but it is completely unclear to me how I can end it.
I have been searching endlessly for several times already.
Yes.
I think that's very nice.
I might come back to PP in a while, but I am not using it for now.
Very nice!
And it was arranged quickly.
Thank you…
No, that's fine.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I can't open them, I get a message that says this document can't be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5th
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books?
Okay, I'll try it, thank you, I hope I can fix it.
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes, I am computer illiterate, it might take a while.
Great, he's doing it. Thanks
No problem, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can't get rid of it.
I can't find how to do that either.
I would like some help.
EMAIL
no
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something
That didn’t help.
There is also a line through the light symbol
Is this all because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
Born on March 26, 1987 in Enschede
I have been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
I put a lot of time and money into both every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without any message or reason
Yesterday a request was made but now it says "resume" next to that request, so I am curious if that will work out.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I am now missing all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so disappointed because I haven't done anything wrong and my trust is gone and I actually plan to cancel all my memberships and delete everything
I even continued to play while PRS-ORG was down and I didn't get my items and fp points
PHONENUMBER
Thank you
Is that the same as the request they made yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay and how long will that take?
I'm pretty much done with it, not with you, but with the situation.
Thank you for the help.
I am still waiting but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month on PRS-ORG and I think it’s too risky if a block is suddenly put on it.
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will fix it soon
Thank you for the nice and good help
Have a nice day ahead.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account.
I created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so I could log in.
I would like to link that to my PRS-ORG account
so I need to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well, it is indeed so
I can't send any proof
Sorry sir
looked the wrong way
it is EMAIL
That's him.
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has been fixed now.
Only the hacker sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help to restore it
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has bought them back, but now he has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I'm explaining it correctly, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
The email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
Yes, my son plays that.
No, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That is why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it.
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change it to EMAIL
My account does not need to be recovered, just my email address please.
Great, I have received a code via my email, can I use this to change my email now?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you so much!!!
Good morning, on Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I can see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oeps!
This document could not be opened.
It is possible that there is something wrong with the file".
I have synchronized more than once but it doesn't help unfortunately.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
This morning I downloaded a free book to see if I can open it, PRS-ORG
Yes, that’s right
download via the site,
restore, purchase via the site
I am busy now, but that will take a while, I see, I have to look for a Wi-Fi password.
If it doesn't work, I'll contact you again.
Sure, I'm trying to log in again
Done!
Thank you for your help!
No, I can continue.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have my mother's e-reader.
I linked my credit card to it.
EMAIL
I can't log in to her account and I want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account
Yes, that's right.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you transfer the credit card information to a new account?
So I will remove the information from EMAIL and enter it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I can't get in?
I could change that yesterday on the ereader.
I can't find those details anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, will it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I will link the data to my own account?
That will help me a lot
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer in use.
All good.
Thank you.
Take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was everything.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my ww from PRS-ORG, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up my ww.
I copied the link to the browser and then I can't continue with nw ww setup, how does it work?
EMAIL
nothing is in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
okay, I'll stay online.
exactly
then I get into the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to create a new ww via the link in the mail
then I will enter the help screen of PRS-ORG to reset the account
Yes, I will do that right now.
done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much.
now I'm going to see if I can find a list of free ebooks on PRS-ORG
thank you again for your help
PRS-ORG can't open purchased ebook.
it is on the device but it says it cannot open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it again but it still won’t open.
also via URL directly placed on the device does not help either
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook via URL this morning
nice
I don't have the option to sign out of PRS-ORG
okay, I did that
I bought and paid for an audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
It was the same last time.
EMAIL
Today, just now
I didn't receive the last purchase, no
Last time too.
Then I had to provide payment details
Book by NAME-F
DescriptionPHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this happens.
That's my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person hasn't received it yet but I already paid 20 euros.
I haven’t received a confirmation either.
Can you check what is going wrong.
EMAIL
the last voucher is on 23
Oh that is strange because the money was indeed debited.
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it, thank you, have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - charged 2 times - 2 x 10 euro and nothing received, doesn't seem right, please help with this
EMAIL
the last one was on 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so 7 february
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale for 2 for 10 euro
I purchased the last two yesterday
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
I have to cut and paste a bit
the top books have arrived.
thank you for this great service
we are happy again here
No, my day is good again, thank you again and have a great day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere
EMAIL
January 17th
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 pasnr.017
Okay, thanks.
The book is now on there :)
No, thank you, have a nice day!
