Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you by e-mail about my PRS-ORG.
My entire team was sold and packages were bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all of my passwords for PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified email address no longer exists.
in order to change my login data, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
of NAME-F
that is good
e-mail address: EMAIL
no?
what should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where I can do that in URL.
I paid for a book but did not receive it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
January 2, 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated with the payment
He is in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, €52, but I can't download them as audio files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please reply quickly, as I have already paid
How long does a few minutes last with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it is not downloading anything.
If your purchase information was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can have the website administrators correct the information?
That could help me in the future if I would order something from ng.
I just logged out on advice and logged in again, but still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader
when I want to pay I am redirected to payment method which was never like this at all, very small illegible letters and then he asks do you know for sure that you want to cancel the sale
normally it would be very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
remove everything through the website first
re-enter and how to sync PRS-ORG
I'm talking about the e-reader
i'll try again for now thank you if it doesn't work i'll contact you mrgr
I will contact you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can't get into it anymore)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account is not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link does not come to my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that is correct.
And then I can't log in to that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'm going to try it right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w password.
Now it seems to be working...
Yes, everything is fine!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
And then close.
I try to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be right?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that be a factor?
This concerns the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We have only Read now, View details, Mark as completed, Write review, and Clear.
Why has this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
In this case, the trial has failed.
I can't open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
This concerns PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I am always thrown out.
I can open the other books.
It is just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!It works again.
Thank you
No.
I'm going to read a good book.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon by now
Meanwhile
Very nice
I'm banned from PRS-ORG I saw today
What about PRS-ORG points that I purchased from PRS-ORG at the Microsoft Store
Because when I contact them, they say I should contact you
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's first talk about purchasing PRS-ORG points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
I contacted the helpdesk in English, but it didn’t go very well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working with it for years and would now like to continue / have it resolved.
How nice that you can type in Dutch.
Yes, please, and then see if I can get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but then it still doesn’t work.
I created a 2nd account, it works.
Am I correct that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Still want to reset?
yes, after a reset password now succeeded, thank you very much!
I'm now checking if my game is available in it..
But my game is not in there.
Can you help me with that?
Oh, I can see my orders in history.
Great, keep watching.
Thank you!!
no, in browser
I can now move, thank you very much again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I took out a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start up.
When I click on "try again" I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the playstation does not solve the problem.
Re-downloading the app doesn't work either
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, but I don’t yet get that discount automatically.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
Do I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get 10% discount, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, although I should
How do I contact you about this?
And on September 22nd, I can just download PRS-ORG in the playstation store and play this before 10 am?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me though.
Your colleague does not.
I gave it a bad bad review .
I will give you a good one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
Going well thank you
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah on PRS-ORG I did have that.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches, it still hasn't worked
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have tried everything.
After that I bought another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find that book.
I’ve tried all sorts of things.
After that I recommended another book and that was fine
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number that is listed is: PHONENUMBER
Thanks for the quick help
It's next to it
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an ereader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find them anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
bought my first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I've been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have already tried several cables and laptops, but the same everywhere.. it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much in advance for your response!
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader, so I don't use that account for that
Then I do have the right version?
Could there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
The e-reader has since been reset, but it still does not make contact with the laptop.
The reader says that it is connected and is charging, but on the laptop it still says that access has been refused.
USB device is not recognized.
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories of other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
the title of a book is 'if you're so smart why aren't you rich?'
thanks NAME-M, also a nice day for you.
I'll let you know once you've found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers do not recognize my e-reader either
I have already emptied the drivers and followed several advices that I found on the internet
i use the supplied cable, and even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it is not that
my proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want to go back to PRS-ORG, my trust in PRS-ORG has dropped quite a bit because of this
tried the factory settings too.
This problem has been going on for a few months now, unfortunately.
resetting the usb ports could still work
but contact with PRS-ORG I find a better idea, because I do not have confidence that we will solve this ourselves
thanks.
I quickly looked, but it’s not in there.
the usb ports work perfectly
I contact PRS-ORG
thank you for thinking along
thank you NAME-M
no, I will continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 days Dutchman was the most recent ebook
good evening.
I'll wait.
I am already asking my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after purchase.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and these are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of ebooks that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I do not have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I installed the PRS-ORG app.
And that app contains my ebooks, which I read using my Plus subscription.
So I assume that some e-books will also remain visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a great evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get the money back
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
We are a few days further now and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% didn't work
she indicated to simply make the redemption and then I would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
Unfortunately, I have not yet received anything in my account
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
Only I am surprised that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F who has also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication of when it will be credited, I'll be more than happy.
I would like to see the money deposited in my account and not as credit
I'm totally with it and bought all the new ebooks of goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days that is clear.
So, no later than next Thursday
Thanks, you helped me fine and have a nice evening
Top, I'm going to fill that out
unknown_issue
I see that PRS-ORG has recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says that I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription?
OK
But I can download other books for free, for example PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Those 15 books are per month.
Need to remove read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don't see any repairing
Done
I still pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it without costs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it to load.
It gives the following: Unable to load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I didn't delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I would lose my progress, of course.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't get him loaded.
It indicates the following: Unable to load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however i did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I would lose my progress.
I don't know if I totally understand it.
So I start a new game.
Then I go to bed.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a little patience
Typing takes a long time
In order to play certain games, I have to sign up with a PRS-ORG account.
If I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That is correct, one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account is automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I'll see if I can do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
I had the following options: UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
I naturally wanted to take this NAME-M.
But as I checked his player details first my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
Unfortunately, I now also suffer from color blindness, so I already find it difficult to see which pick I have indicated.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I am now very bored with this.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but I don't think that contains a game name?
I did take a photo to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if this can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
I just find it very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, viewing his player bio.
Back up and then press X to select this player, the choice suddenly changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn’t matter, even though I will gladly admit that it was my fault for selecting it and then selecting ‘yes’ again.
But by then the ‘bug’ or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate
Yes you may do so.
And what could the consequences of this be?
OK
I just had a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink van NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was disconnected.
I did see that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018...!
When I tried to log in via URL and I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription was terminated because the financial data was incorrect...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
The last debit was in December 2020.
Not that I know of..... in August 2017 I purchased the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 a month.
After half a year it turned out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don’t ask me how that can happen... but 1 subscription has been cancelled.
I then faithfully paid each month with the credit card.
the last debit was on December 14.....
December 14 2020
So reactivate it at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that..... thanks for your help in advance...... if it doesn't work, I'll get back to you!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I'm trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it has been written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure it comes in my account?
thank you
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be him
it is in my account
Thank you!
I do not have my e-reader at hand
but it will be okay
thank you for the help
no it is fine this way
Thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Was I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know.
I only see that there is a URL in my PRS-ORG account.
That's right.
And on the e-reader under settings (so the device) EMAIL .
The latter email address will soon expire and should therefore also be set to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, it is also important that it is stated on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I don't understand.
I have to deregister the old email address at the device under settings/accounts subcategory PRS-ORG.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I have to unsubscribe from the pocket category as well?
And now with adobe it is possible to withdraw your authorisation, with the old email address.
Will it change automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digibeet
And do I run the risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved in my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did get this book
Here is the proof of my payment
Thank you for your answer.
They are these two books.
See the photo above
You can see in my account that I did not receive those two books
Date when the costs were charged: 7 June 2023
Amount: € 24,98
- Postal code (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details in the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of the creditor: PRS-ORG
I bought the book of the seventh sister on May 6 at 8:05 pm, but I can't sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I don't see it in my PRS-ORG recruits account.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date directly
Yes
Look it up..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I'm going to do it.
I found the book!
:) Super thanks for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Have you seen my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains gray.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
when i start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a long time.
That is correct.
I sent you a screen shot with my status.
this remains on grey and not online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on my pc.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It is a shame (unfortunate) if I now have to start all over again.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
How unfortunate.
Do you know if that is possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be great if you could play your progress anywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your answer and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to sign up now but I can't.
The verification code sent also goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I don't get an email.
*not even in unwanted
I have already tried that but I don't receive an email from here.
If I want to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account at that email address.
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you remove everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I am unable to install PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
sure.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think at a toy store
Newly bought in any case
That's good, I'll wait
I do not think this is correct.
The code has not been sold as a time-limited code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because at home installing it on the PC doesn’t work.
So we haven’t got to entering the code yet.
This week I bought a stand alone DVD player just for this game!
I'm going to try that.
will you wait a moment?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG itself on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and won't install the game that we just bought ourselves.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that it will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled prior to renewal, making the reminder invalid.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
Process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already cancelled this, before the extension.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated
Yes by email NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription I don't have anything else running
PRS-ORG Read &amp; listen, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12,99
but I had already terminated it for this period
Ah okay, they referred me back to you
but I will contact them again
thanks for the effort.
I understand
no that was it
thanks, still working
Yesterday I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this through PRS-ORG, which has also been debited, but I have not received an e-book.
Ordered via phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my ereader both are not there, I have gone through all the steps like switching off etc.
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you my day is going fine
If k leaves the chat, is this gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it!
Super thanks.
Best regards and have a very nice day
Hi, I have an ereader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year yet.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official cover with which it automatically goes into sleep mode and closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the cover and put it down.
When I opened it (it hasn't fallen, been moved, or anything like that.
He also didn’t get wet) the screen looked weird.
At the top, you can read that it is in sleep mode, then there is a part of the book visible in stripes and triangles, the cover, and somewhere it still says vaguely "94% read".
Vertical stripes can also be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the tr remains visible, if I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going to, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how is this possible after only a year??
Hello
EMAIL
And it is according to me a PRS-ORG
Excuse for the late reply.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has been turned off, reset, etc., but it keeps doing this for no reason.
Good evening, ah, that's strange.
I'm sending it now as a pdf, hopefully that works.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Would you like to add it?
Fine!
And thanks
Great!
Thank you.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
The book has arrived!
:)
Oh, great!
Then I'll do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
Have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I can't find my account anymore according to the login tab
Which is a real shame because it does cost quite a bit of money
Can this be reversed?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M you should know that dude
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Yes, so you have set Knock out city free, but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it is free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I should contact you.
Yes okay thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I played PRS-ORG for years in a row, only in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't access the web app now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I believe has happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I access the webapp from 23?
But I’ve played PRS-ORG for years just not 22.
you have all the information, hopefully
Hmm, then my friends will have a head start because they can use the web app sooner, I doubt if I'll make it then
hmm too bad there is nothing to do, then I am not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don’t have an email address that is called that
I log in via Facebook, then it recognizes the mail address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
Is this because you have to log in once a month or?
then I'll try that
thanks in advance
coming well, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat.
I had the problem that I did not get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have that one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add him.
It says: Book now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was set to the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I am also from Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to
21 September already pre-load.
But I can't add him.
Is this because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the games sector for purchases?
Because e.g.
in Belgium you can't buy PRS-ORGs because of these new laws.
I just want to be sure that I get that PRS-ORG version because I am paying
that PRS-ORG is designed especially for it..
Okay.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any offences.
This has been reported to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I really feel sad about it
Thanks, I really hope you can help me.
Is there any other phone number that I can contact?
Thanks!
Hopefully they can do something about it...
Translation successful!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I just experienced something weird, I don't understand anything.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
It's not in my library anymore
how is this possible?
That's right, but I just logged into PRS-ORG and I can see it there.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see it
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well, but I'm really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, there is a strange email address linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and redirected my budget.
I can now start all over again and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently there is a strange email address, as shown in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it secured with 2 step verification, I've already changed my PSN password.
I can't log into the PRS-ORG account, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem earlier.
However, I got a phone call, which caused my contact person to interrupt the conversation.
But now I am present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to made sure PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it only says "loading", with a clock
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All good.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you, and continue working on them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I've been waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this is going to take?
Yes, but I have been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it would not take long
Can you check how long?
Because I am always told to wait but there is no time indication.
1 week was said to be 1 week now
And you can’t see how long this is going to go on?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I'm going to assume this for now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being sung to me
PRS-ORG
Said
Was never told very unprofessional, so?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So, I have to wait another week?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume business you have to wait again?
Maybe a point of feedback?
I just have to wait
Waiting
And do nothing and just wait
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to, and I have forgotten my password.
I was logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
by email or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
yes that's right, over the years I have created a new email address and forgotten to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
and restart
It turns out that the package I got from that SBC is quickly sold
And of course you understand that I would never sell it if it was not saleable
Yeah I would just like to have my prize out of that SBC
I also added pictures of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is, I believe, EMAIL
and otherwise my old one, which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on my PC, I always get the message: Secure boot is not enabled
I've tried everything I found on the internet, but nothing works.
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take?
because I preordered the game but I have not been able to play anything yet
and I would like to play but this is not possible
okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1 and they were not deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from log in, nothing helped
I am afraid I have lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
Do you mean Hoeb?
Okay and then
But they say get in touch with you
Okay, thanks, I'll do it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear Sir/Madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my Playstation but since it now has crossplay I purchased eaplay pro so I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app but I automatically go to my PRS-ORG Playstation account which I don't want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
I have now deleted my Playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app
thank you
no I have never played on a PC with PRS-ORG but I am busy with preloading PRS-ORG
ok so this is because i have never created an ultimate team on the pc?
so if i do this when the game comes out, can i use the web app completely?
damn it, I’m dropping a lot of coins now :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question about an update of an already open request
It’s about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
Then it was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there was possibly an update since I still had not received a response / compensation or the like for my “loss”
EMAIL 😊
The past week it was indeed updated every day that the status is updated and remains under consideration.
Of course, it's a bit annoying to say, but that you yourself don't really know exactly what still needs to happen or how far they are
Hopefully it is, the desire to play the game has been much less the past week
In any case, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
sorry not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I can't access the server at all.
but I created a new PS5 account and it works fine on this
same for all my friends, they can also play rivals
I've done a restart and all the help that is online
But unfortunately, nothing.
and it's been like this all day so I won't be able to get any rewards tomorrow either
is correct
super!
thank you very much in advance
I did get a market ban, I'm already considering it, but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals?
ok, so it's not strange that another account can access rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
okay great, I'll do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
but do I have to worry about my divisions?
does it just come back in order?
are we sure of that?
great, thank you very much!
have a nice evening, carry on!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat and he dropped out.
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I have reset them but that does not help
My controllers have a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my Windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if there is anything I can do; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I could possibly still use something from a memory card or something; so that the game can play at normal speed.
I would like to hear from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game, the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right, there is a certain delay.
So you will get there faster, for example in
the guard rail ends up in the right place instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah those are quite high now (do you mean screen mode etc?
Oh great, thank you!
No, I think you answered my question for now.
And if not, I’ll find you; you respond quickly, appropriately, and friendly.
Thanks
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader through synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
I can read the book on my phone, but it won’t open on the e-reader.
How can I solve this?
EMAIL
I think it is February 14th.
No, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work, please contact us
Ok, I'm going to get started with it now
It worked!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I received them on the laptop.
I could not get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Also not in these purchases.
You went through it with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint does the job.
I also check the second book.
It does work.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I cannot just check it again.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the manual.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euros per year or something longer
month.
I don't need that right now, but I have no idea how to stop it.
I have been searching endlessly several times.
Yes.
I think that’s very nice.
I may come back to pp after a while, but I am not using it for now.
Very nice!
And it was all arranged smoothly.
Thank you...
No, that’s fine.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I can't open them, I get a message that this document cannot be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try it thank you I hope I get out of it
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes I am a computer illiterate it may take some time
Top he does it thanks
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can't get rid of it.
I can’t find out how to do that either.
Please help me.
EMAIL
no
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light no longer worked.
I must have pressed something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the little symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
I spend a lot of time and money on both every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without message and reason
Yesterday a request was made, but now it says that the request is “resuming”, so I am curious if that goes well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this as I am now missing all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I haven't done anything wrong, my confidence is gone and I am actually planning on cancelling all memberships and deleting everything
I even continued playing, but because of PRS-ORG malfunctions, I missed my item and fp points.
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long is that going to take?
I am pretty much done with it.. not after you but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait and see, but my confidence is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 euros every month, and I find that too risky, especially if a block is suddenly put in place.
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up quickly
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a great day too.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app, allowing me to
I would like to link them to my PRS-ORG account
so I have to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it is really so
I can only not send proof
sorry sir
looked the wrong way
it is EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
This has since been resolved.
Only the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don’t play the game myself but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help to restore this
The hack sold 4 football players.
My son has now bought it back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I explain it all correctly, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my son plays that
no, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
i just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account does not need to be restored, just my email address please
Top I received a code via my e-mail, can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Top thanks!!!
Good morning, On Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oeps!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file".
I have synchronized several times but unfortunately it does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open it, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
repair, purchase via the site
I am busy with it now, but it will take a while, I see, I have to find a wifi password.
If it doesn't work out like this, I'll sign up again.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can carry on again.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the e-reader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I don't get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card information to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't quite understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't get in?
I was able to change that yesterday on the e-reader.
I can no longer find those data anywhere
Or, if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
With that, you are helping me enormously
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Sort it out right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hi, forgot about PRS-ORG, received an email from PRS-ORG to set up ww login.
link copied to browser and then I can't proceed with nw www settings, how does it work further?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my bieb, I wanted to start with it
ok i hear that i will stay online
exactly
then I come in the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I end up back at the PRS-ORG hulp scherm resetten ww account
yes I will do that
Done
i was able to change the ww, thank you very much.
now I'm going to see if I can find an overview with grace ebooks on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased e-book.
it is on the device but says it cannot open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it again, but it doesn't open it.
also placed directly on the device via URL does not help
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
nice
I don't have the option of unsubscribing from PRS-ORG
okay i did
Purchased and paid for audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
I did it last time too
EMAIL
Today, just the same
I have not received the last purchase no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and give my name
Bok van NAME-F
DescriptionPHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Top.
Not the first time this.
That is my mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday, but that person has not yet received it, but I have already paid 20 euros.
I have not received a confirmation myself yet.
Can you figure out what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that is weird because the money has been debited, yes
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it, thank you, have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - paid 2x - 2x 10 euro and nothing received, seems not to be right, please help me with this
EMAIL
the last was 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so 7 february
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer at 2 for 10 euros
I bought the last 2 last night
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
have to cut and paste a bit
toppie books are in
thank you for this nice service
we get happy from this
no my day is going well again thank you so much again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday through the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere anymore.
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 passnr.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is on it now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
