Well, it goes like this.
Yesterday I experienced a vexing incident.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I signed up I only had 776
Ok.
Yes, I registered yesterday through the PRS-ORG app.
Then was thrown out and at the time of new registration the coins were gone
I personally have not bought anything.
Because as I said, I was online via PRS-ORG app to take care of SBC.
I was then logged out and when I registered again, the coins were gone.
Could it be that these were bought differently?
Since I was at work where the whole thing happened.
So it must have happened on my PRS-ORG.
As I said, I was at work at that point and I just got annoyed because I had no idea where my coins were.
Is there a way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
It is a pity that PRS-ORG can do nothing about such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible for IN Game purchases.
There is really a lot of room for improvement here.
Pay more attention to customers than to profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, here is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
When you are too good (Season 1 Elite €
You cannot achieve the goals as shown in the photo.
That is why experience is lacking for seasonal progress
the goals should be considered as completed automatically if a "better" goal aka div 2 is fulfilled
No it's about season experience
But I also still receive rewards, it is not like this 😂
Does this mean that the goals are unlocked?
Or will we get a compensation because they are inaccessible?
Since they don't seem to be able to help me with the current problem.
Nevertheless, a beautiful evening for you
Good morning, our device wants us to go through the EC cards.
This is not possible with our device at all.
What shall we do?
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'm now reviewing your conversation with NAME-M.
At the moment, we are managing the outpatient clinic, so I am not always on my phone.
Pass this on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and is now on duty.
It will address the main account issue later.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can't buy and sell players through the PRS-ORG app; I can only do so through the PRS-ORG.
Please release this feature as soon as possible, I've already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and made a lot of games in PRS-ORG, and I've also already bought PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app, the game is only half as much fun, I pay a lot for the game, so I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great. I don't have to buy a PRS-ORG if the feature is not included.
Thank you for the help!
I have already played all the modes and already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't this be speeded up?
Too bad, it loses the fun of the game.
Everyone else can buy and sell players via the app, but not the user him/herself.
It really is not nice what PRS-ORG is doing.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and this is how one is treated then, it is not nice.
Alright, too bad, then I will try a bit, let's hope it works quickly.
Otherwise, I don't need the game anymore.
Thanks for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher, then a black window opens and closes again
No.
I'm not getting into the game at all.
I believe it is because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked
, but I can't undo this
Yes.
No
not earlier.
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG, but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Sorry, I had to turn my attention to another matter.
I'm back again now.
Is there the possibility to make available article data via csv-import for a multitude of products/services?
Yes
The connection still exists.
Please be patient for my answers as I wait for a while to get a reply.
I would like to create a large number of articles with descriptions etc. all at once using a csv import.
Is there such a function?
I would like to create a variety of articles with descriptions, etc. at once by means of csv-Import.
Is there such a function?
The focus here is on “plurality”.
It is about migration from another system
Thanks for forwarding
Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I have a device lock as I allegedly violated the rules.
I would like it to be cancelled and I can at least request to start again.
Otherwise I wouldn't know what I could do with the game.
I can't play a new PRS-ORG with an acc.
I want to at least start again and get a chance.
The other accounts may remain suspended.
EMAIL
I would like the opportunity to create a new account and start again because I would not know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I have not received an email from their team.
NAME-N I would like to.
Otherwise, I would wait 45 days.
If you can't do anything about it.
paper roll is not recognized
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I will transfer you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, it's nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
NAME-M, could you please rephrase your question?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
No receipt is printed.
Yes.
Error message: Printer has no more paper.
Create a new role and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
It is brand new and today the printing no longer works, because it does not recognize the paper.
It is the original roll which was delivered in the device and this is not recognized.
Even what is in the packaging is not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I hope so too.
Ahem, I have the following problem.
I made a DSVGO request yesterday and now I have not received an answer.
How long does that take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified. Therefore, I would like to request a GDPR transparency report, because I would like to prove that I did not violate the guidelines.
Okay, I'll have to wait then.
I just hope that it gets cleared up.
I put a lot of money into the game and also put a lot of effort into winning and training the players.
Okay, I'll wait for an answer.
Okay thanks in advance for the help, thanks to you too
Unintentionally, PRS-ORG is being pushed away.
Yes, thanks, I hope for you too.
My problem is this:
Yes, thank you, hopefully you are also doing well.
I accidentally repelled a player when I completed the PRS-ORG
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a gift voucher for PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG on 20.12.
I already spoke to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG, they referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately the PRS-ORG did not land in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was activated via the account, but the PRS-ORG have unfortunately not yet been credited to the account to this day.
Can you see that?
You redeemed the code and don’t have a PRS-ORG game?
I did a PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to join a club my controller fell and I pushed it away.
I received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link even though I do not have a PRS-ORG or an account
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how may I help you?
Hello, we took over the PRS-ORG store (pizza)
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change that now?
The problem is that I have no data from the predecessor
and I need to change it as soon as possible because of the ec card payments and
do not have a telephone hotline
Unfortunately not from its predecessor.
we would have to register completely new so to speak
Or what idea do they have?
Ok and how or where do I do that?
and how would it look if, for example, the pizza driver had to take the device with them?
ok thanks, I will try it, if I have questions, I will contact you again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Same here!
I spent €20 twice on 31/10 for PRS-ORG, but never received a transfer.
No, I would like to get either the 4400 PRS-ORG or get my money back.
I bought them but did not receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
On the PRS-ORG PSN Store
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
I have both receipts
Hello, I have not been able to complete my purchase for a few days.
How can the error be fixed.
EMAIL
This must have been on 3/1.
type the credit card number again?
Unfortunately, it did not work.
No, my patience is over for today.
I have to do something else.
Maybe I will take another system.
Schade was always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
Below is a 12.
I have already checked whether there was a block, but my history shows none.
Correct.
The game does not start, even though it used to do so without any problems.
System is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
It didn't work with my two sons.
They have different e-mail addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I will try that and get back to you.
I purchased PRS-ORG in order to use the advertised cross-play in F1 22.
However, you cannot play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore, I demand a refund and cancellation of the subscription.
If this is arranged, then I will gladly be a customer again.
EMAIL
I exchange with other ALPHANUMERICID drivers what you are already up to again instead of enjoying the new part with everyone.
Otherwise I'm fine and I thank you for your inquiry.
How was your day?
Are they annoying many people?
Isn't it lousy for PRS-ORG to have problems and constantly help people?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something special.
Green represents the colour of hope, right?
So, how will things proceed here?
I didn't want to do more.
I wish all the best to you and your mother, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I have just had a chat with NAME-F.
I described my case to you and you sent me a code (to verify me) by e-mail, so that you can forward the problem.
When I returned to the page from PRS-ORG, the chat was gone.
Here is the code, in case you might be able to use it.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG I thought.
Yes, I know, it is about my brother who is eleven years old, that is why I am contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Yes, I know, it's about my brother, who is 11 years old, that's why I am contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But I don't see a 6-digit code in my email.
What should I do now?
ebook
I loaded a title via Onleihe to my PRS-ORG about PRS-ORG - unfortunately, the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for that
I carried out the authorization normally beforehand.
One title is "An Immoral Special Offer."
Yes exactly, that's what I use
I
I will try again and otherwise I will report this case separately
Thank you.
Unfortunately it did not work out, who can I turn to?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp
Will you help me?
If you use the PRS-ORG trial access, you cannot use the web app.
This message appears when I start the web app.
Why is that?
my PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do they also need my PRS-ORG email?
All clear, thank you.
Thank you, that is very nice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I'm pretty pissed off right now.
I was just chatting with one of my colleagues and followed his advice, but now I can't even get into my PC.
PRS-ORG has released an update.
Now my normal password doesn't work anymore.
It was, yes.
But now PRS-ORG won't start anymore and I have no access to the PC because it apparently now wants a PRS-ORG password which I don't have!
I had a number before.
Numeric code
Now I can't even enter my payment information.
Something simple has become a huge problem!!!
Fucking hell.
But I don't have a NAME-M
Together with my note of passwords lost
Alex, that cannot be true!!!
It was all because of the great tips from his colleague!!!
Thank you very much too.
What nonsense does he tell me there.
This can take a long time again now.
Yes.
Redirect me to the corresponding PRS-ORG service!
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is, how can I assist you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it should be replaced.
Now I am on the road and do not have the device with me.
I will probably have to contact you again.
Thank you.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I'll get back to you later when I can read the serial number.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how may I assist you?
Good morning.
My e-mail address has changed and I would like to ask you to update it so that I can change the login data and a copy of the invoices can be sent to me.
It is now called EMAIL
Exactly.
It was EMAIL before and now the one mentioned above.
And my website now is URL, but I could change that for the bills, etc.
It is about me entering my login data and receiving a copy of the receipt.
Yes, I am, it took a while to write:-)
I sent an email a few days ago, but I have not received an answer yet.
But I am writing again one, thank you so much :-)
Thank you!
No thanks :-) Have a nice day!
Best regards,
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen,
I purchased several PRS-ORG on 01/01/2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I am asking for a review and a refund.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, one book of them is "Bloody Fetters"
I received all books, though, as I was asked to try again when I made my first order.
But I am looking forward to your feedback.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hello, I would like not to send back the first ordered sum up.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: with PRS-ORG, I can enter the amount at the terminal and do not need an extra app to do this, right?
Second question: how does the refunding work?
Exactly the air I want to return.
After that, I order the PRS-ORG.
Of course, it will be 10 more minutes until I am back at the device.
Doesn't NAME-M go missing?
Not that I need to start all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
I am fine
I would really love to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, however, my PC does not have a CD drive.
Can I download PRS-ORG anywhere or will PRS-ORG be available for download again one day?
That means you can never download it again?
What if I buy games from PRS-ORG and then install them on another PC?
Can I then save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no way at all?
Okay then I will look… maybe there is a way.
All the same, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday and downloaded it.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I want the points that were promised me in the version?
But why don’t I receive them after the 27th?
OK.
Thank you very much.
I'll wait.
I am annoyed that I can't start playing in PRS-ORG without points.
I cannot buy any and I do not want my own war.
I just want them to come as fast as possible.
Otherwise, the advance access brings me nothing.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I just wanted to ask what it fails at... I have been playing since release+Early Access PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG, and the transfer market (Web App/Companion App) is still not unlocked... something can't be right there... I really need it... Best regards
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day
Yes, exactly.
yes but i've been playing for 3 weeks
how can it be that it is still not enabled...
play every day actively
Something is not right here.
If I'm not unlocked in 1 month, what happens then?
Can you then help?
is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or do both need to be played, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you...
I hope you have a nice day. It would be really nice if this goes through soon... what a really stupid system you have with the “play-through” requirement.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thank you, it works, except you can help me, and I wanted to reload 12k points via the web app ALPHANUMERICID this morning, unfortunately I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of battle.
Now I want to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because that is ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super nice and kind of you if you could do that.
I've been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you're interested in my age, I'm 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved me the day and I'm incredibly grateful to you for that.
I will check in future 3 times what I clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Ok, one moment please.
Super, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello, welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hi NAME-M, we are having problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We cannot establish a mobile network connection.
We have already restarted, taken out the SIM card and put it back in, and tried various locations, but it doesn't work.
But it is possible with wlan.
PHONENUMBER
will be turned off...
starts up again
I was logged in, now he is searching again.
connected to wifi
It works.
even with the mobile phone network
can you tell me why it works now?
So that we can avoid the error.
We had the error since yesterday and suddenly it works again???
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Thank you, I'm glad to hear that.
On PRS-ORG, yes.
That is not the problem.
I can log in to the servers without problems
However, when the list of saved games comes up and I press ok, my game is zoomed in, I suspect too close.
I cannot see anything
NAME-M, then I'm curious, thanks for your help
No, otherwise it was just that it unsettled me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Yesterday night I drew the Otw card and unfortunately found out afterwards that I should not have done that.
But really, who bothers about the fine print when packing.
I bought the game especially more expensive.
And of course I would like to be able to take advantage of my advantage.
In any case a new pack will arrive.
Should I be worried?
Very nice.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the club name in Goals.
The task is also completed, but the club's name has not changed.
To be precise, it's the shortened form that you then see at the top in the game.
E-mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or the PRS-ORG account also RufusNasedo.
I think I've confirmed it.
I cannot be sure.
Is there any way to still change this via the support?
Typical for the company when it comes to customer service, but thanks anyway.
That is all there is.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I have just chatted with a colleague from them
my game doesn't start anymore after the update
NAME-M, that's me ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email, here is the code.
What exactly? ^^
EMAIL
Well, after the update today the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG open and want to start and does not go
Graphic driver reinstalled the newest installed
repair game
Nothing more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, the Desktop App PRS-ORG showed me that I get 4600 PRS-ORG with the title "More PRS-ORG", if I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and didn't get any points
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you
Did you write a follow-up message?
I think I have received one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When will I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just finished the PRS-ORG abo
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version
but I was shown that I get with PRS-ORG 4600
can I cancel PRS-ORG so that I receive my money back?
clear, I will try it, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello,
I unexpectedly got the message that the login is not possible when logging into PRS-ORG.
I can no longer log in to my account and the email for password recovery is not sent again.
*will
Certainly, this is EMAIL
118850
If the code is
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will the ALPHANUMERICID receipt be available?
Withdrawal 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When exactly is the amount of 2579.91 paid out?
I have not received the money
Only the last amount of 43 francs was paid out.
43.83
So the money I don't have, they have to check it not me.
Yes, I have.
But I didn't receive the amount of 2579.91.
Hello,
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately I can’t buy any books from you because I only have a PRS-ORG EC card.
Can I also give you a direct debit mandate?
EMAIL
I have not been able to shop so far because I could not pay.
And none of these payment options work for me.
As I said, I just have the option to pay by the giro card of the Sparkasse bank or to give them a direct debit mandate.
Transferring the money to them would also be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send the purchased PRS-ORG back.
Only if you grant me one of the payment options I mentioned.
I am also grateful to them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I bought PRS-ORG and I do not have access to the PRS-ORG web app
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I just played PRS-ORG and further older parts.
PRS-ORG no
Do I first have to make a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
However, the web app has been running for 2 days, so I see a disadvantage in that, only on 27.09.
To get access to PRS-ORG
Where are you from?
Their grammar is not 100%, but since I am older, I can often derive the meaning.
Thank you for the help
You too
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
We want to enable PRS-ORG
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:And please always ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you the best if you formulate your questions concisely and unambiguously, for example, “How can I change my e-mail address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will now transfer you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry, I didn't understand that.
Could you rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment, I'm looking it up.
I'll listen to your conversation with NAME-M now.
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM
yes, thank you very much
Great, thank you for the info.
Everything else works perfectly.
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
This morning when I checked my app, I saw that my transfer market is no longer working. Can you provide me with information on this?
It says that I received an email, but I didn't. That's why I am in the support here
Yes
I've been buying and selling players through the night to earn coins so I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
I also buy regularly at the PRS-ORG store, how do you see it, of course I am not a bot or anything else
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market.
All clear, thank you for your time :)
I hope for good news.
To be able to start the game again with joy 😊
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I get to 68% the message comes that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There were only the retry and cancel options.
I have to start the installation again for a moment.
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I installed the game in English)
Not quite.
I will try the solution of the feed.
If you still have a problem I will contact you again.
Thank you very much for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And then the ball goes left to the, within several metres, only free standing opposing player, how do you call this exactly?
>Otherwise, I would not have specified it as a game PRS-ORG
Please, again in understandable German.
Your sentence just now was a really bad accident
What exactly did you want to tell me?
Yes, the situation that I described to you.
Do you actually consider for each answer for at least 5 min what you are writing?
The situation you mentioned to me is a technical bug!”
Yes, I believe that too.
However, the same bug has already happened last year.
I have also reported that to you.
Among other things in your PRS-ORG
And then I was told by your PRS-ORG_rephii that it was all correct.
And let it be as you wish
One of you two then didn't seem to have a problem with the truth.
How do I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Do you need to return a device or is it about the status of a return or a refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Send device back,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Alright.
I am now going to put you through to one of our support staff who will take care of sending your device back.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment, please, I'll look
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
Hi NAME-N, thanks.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to test it out at a stand, but would like to return it.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on November 28.
Unfortunately, it's at home.
Then I have to take another look when I'm home.
Thank you, I will do so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
Everything is fine, how are you?
In my Simpsons game the quest to unlock “Fleet-A-Pita” does not start, the quest should be called “Investors”.
Exactly :)
Oh yes, no.
I still don't have a NAME-M.
Then it must certainly be due to that.
Thank you very much for your quick help:) Have a nice day:)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I don't have the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but have yet to receive them.
Of course.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I need to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, I am currently experiencing some problems with playing the PRS-ORG Legends.
For about 2 weeks there were about
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, lie around.
My figure itself is not the problem.
And I cannot exit the game when I am at the end of the round and have to start the application again.
What can the cause be for that?
The internet connection works without problems.
I have looked at all the links and we have already tried everything.
Changed the DNS server, for example, and tried this during low-load times.
With other games, it works without problems and individual rounds work without problems as well.
Could it be the server?
The PRS-ORG is connected to the router via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m. The cable was laid 3 days ago in order to be able to exclude the fault.
Ok, I will report the error.
Thank you very much and have a beautiful day.
Hi, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I'm looking
I'm now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with your colleague.
I have a request
I tested PRS-ORG bills and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like to delete the test invoice so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice for me?
There is a special test invoice.
I have to get rid of it.
No booking is made as a result.
This was a test in which I went too far
There is no payment.
I just entered it as a test
But then it looks as if I had paid
That's wrong.
I can't just set my "billing area" to 0
nothing has been done yet
Then please close my account and I will set it up again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I would like to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to sign up with a different device, I could not use the password that was given to me.
I have tried to reset it, but that does not work either.
Can you please help me?
What do I need to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you
But unfortunately, nothing arrived.
893361
So you will receive another email with the password to be used, right?
Which code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thank you so much!
I founded a PRS-ORG account many years ago with a mail address that now only serves as spam to me.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I also unintentionally opened a second account with another e-mail address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to combine these two accounts, otherwise I will always switch
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like to let everything run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
To which email address did you send the code?
On which e-mail address did you send the code?
I received nothing.
I will try to look in the spam.
Very good
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you.
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Nothing else is possible?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from the same to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How do I change my email address?"
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I'll put you through now.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
A moment, please, I'll look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I have received the confirmation email.
Thank you, everything is done for today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was blocked on the transfer market.
Alleged coin dispensing.
But that cannot be.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and have already invested 400€.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Okay.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am not aware of any guilt!
I was in the game last night, and everything was still under control.
I have also made some parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to see the transfers on the app and then came the message with the ban and the info for the coin donation.
I can't understand and comprehend it!
That is why I am very much hoping for your help.
I immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
That was when I was hacked and blocked from the trading market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
I have wanted to play Battlefield for years again and have switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG in the meantime.
The message came at the start of the game that I needed to renew my password.
I have also done that, but I still can't get into the game.
Always the same message - change password.
I can register for PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via PS Icon, does it come back as Please reset your password?
Exactly.
Then there is always the message, "Change password" or "Error to PRS-ORG."
Despite the password resetter
Thank you
My e-mail is EMAIL, for PS I have the same e-mail
OK.
I'll look into it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can I know your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22.
The 4600 PRS-ORG, the loan player and the dead item I received.
The OTW item is missing though, and despite logging in and out it didn't show up in my account.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, I'm sorry, I read that wrong
the e-mail address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I'm reassured!
Thanks :)
That was all, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I am well.
And what about you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German comment language from PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
ALPHANUMERICID Error
I'm glad to hear that.
Very much so.
:-)
Thanks for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The content is already in German.
I would like to have the comments also in German.
Ok, thank you very much.
I will try it.
I would be delighted.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi
I was told that I can redeem my token within an hour, it's been 2 hours and it still doesn't work
But how is that possible, my colleague told me I have a token
I lost a token because of a game error.
how can it be that I get no token then?
I even have a clip
why are they saying something else now, like in other cases?
I saved a clip like this how does the opponent start press and the game exits
and I get defeated
This is not due to my internet, but due to the game.
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I see it, the guy in front of you has all of this wrong.
I get 2 different answers from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I'm checking.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the touchscreen button for "Payment" on my PRS-ORG device no longer works.
And I cannot switch off the device because it is the same touchscreen button.
I must hurry and see how it is called.
PRS-ORG
exactly
the bottom button does not work
Now more than 3 weeks
ok
No
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I'm doing well so far:) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
Andin fact I can't buy PRS-ORG because the error message "A problem occurred at the checkout of the PRS-ORG.
Please try again later."
is coming.
Exactly, that is right
I try to buy points on the PC or in PRS-ORG.
I also tried to do that.
However, this is not possible either.
The message comes that I need to earn it in order to join the transfer market.
But a few months ago, I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any error messages.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi rohan, my name is NAME-M
Yes I am doing well, and of course I hope the same for you.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I have nothing to do with it, I have a trading list with players that I sell more expensive and these players are becoming more expensive and today I received a ban.
But when I go to my ban history, no e-mail is there.
There is no history there and I also did not receive an email why I was banned
Because this message really shocked me because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly, I can't use it anymore.
Okay, that would be very nice, since I drew NAME-M not long ago and was able to improve my team thanks to him.
And now I'm locked out, this is very stupid because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes that would be very kind
I have to go back to work now, is it somehow possible for me to reach her again?
I just leave the customer chat open
My satellite receiver has a defect
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you the most if you ask your question in a brief and clear way, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also please always ask me only one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, it seems that an error has occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will now transfer you to one of our support staff who will look after your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment please, I'll check
I'm joining in on your conversation with NAME-M.
The chip reading device works.
However, when it says insert the card, the card is not read.
The problem has been present with the PRS-ORG device for about a month.
I have several customers who pay with a card.
Thus, the problem was that there were multiple cards.
Unfortunately, not at the moment.
Because I am not in the store.
I would like to
Thank you!
can I also contact you by phone?
No, thanks.
They helped me a lot.
Have a nice day at work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have had a problem in a game since today.
Since today, the problem in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera is shifting so that it is impossible to play.
no changes were made.
A few days before, everything ran without any problems.
I can play this game.
but since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
The camera shifts for no reason while playing
No, I don't get an error.
It occurs suddenly while playing normally.
Okay, sounds great.
Thanks for the help.
Unfortunately, with this bug, it is not playable.
Have a nice evening.
No thanks.
Thank you very much for your kind support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to tell you your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine
I hope I am also able to
I can't get in to clubs in the PRS-ORG version
What can I do?
at me it always says data are being loaded for the clubs..
How do I mark something as read?
review
As you can see, there are only a few.
,
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, here is NAME-M
Unfortunately, I haven't found any way to provide feedback to the developers.
Therefore I am posting here because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem with PRS-ORG is currently the cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution for this.
Who can I send them to?
I very much look forward to it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
And a nice day to you as well.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking it up
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
Our e-mail address for the purpose of contact is: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, as we have terminated the subscriptions.
Therefore, we must change the email address as an access point to PRS-ORG.
Can we do that ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
Payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We've already done that and hope that we have done everything correctly.
Can you check this out, if possible?
All clear, NAME-M.
Thank you for the help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, I had a great day today, I hope you did too.
I wanted to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came that the game could not be started.
Initialization error booting.
If I click on play I receive the error message: Cannot start.
Initialization error during boot { DEVICEID:DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}
I have already repaired the game area 2x
I just found out that it had to do with my virus protection.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
Thank you for the help anyway.
Stay Healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I played draft, individual players and in the 2nd.
The game gave an error message and it is out of the game now, I am back in and my draft is finished after a game
Ok and what do I do now, as it says to redeem the reward after a game?
For the second time.
The first time was the first draft, that's when it apparently happened because of the player NAME-M.
Yes there was
There was a system error and I was immediately kicked out of PRS-ORG.
I then reported the disturbance directly by clicking on it
Should I redeem the reward and will I still get my draft token?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order
I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG yesterday for 17.49 € from the PRS-ORG store, but I have not received them yet.
What is the reason for this?
Yes, you can do that
Do they need something from me
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have done that
I have also tried to check the web app to see if the points have already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send it to then?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I want to link my PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
When I register, I have to confirm via my old number (ends in 277) and not via my new number.
My new number is in the PRS-ORG account.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to register with PRS-ORG in order to claim various bonuses.
Yes.
As I said, I can't sign up at PRS-ORG, since I should verify myself via my old mobile number that is no longer in the account.
It is about the PRS-ORG account
I want to sign up for PRS-ORG and then confirm via my old mobile phone number with PRS-ORG
the problem is not with PRS-ORG
Somewhere in the settings of my account, my old mobile number is apparently still available &gt; and I should verify myself via this
My email address is EMAIL
I have already entered my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up with PRS-ORG, I was able to verify myself with the new number.
Only when registering on other sites, but not I will try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and got myself a draft token.
When I tried to start the game, the screen froze and nothing worked anymore.
This made me have to restart the game.
Afterwards I noticed that my points and the token are gone.
This is not the first time this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing wrong with the connection, my connection was fine.
But that also happens from time to time in the middle of
I'm simply getting logged out of the servers although there is internet.
Yes, my email address is EMAIL
All is well, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
On Tuesday at 9:00 AM, I submitted the case of my hacked account with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long does the processing last approximately?
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I'm fine, and you?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is correctly written, I'm not sure right now.
I am glad that they are having a good day so far!
Ok, everything is clear, thank you, I look forward to a prompt processing.
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, how about you?
My problem is this:
Since approx.
One month after I can't start an online game in PRS-ORG anymore.
I've tried it a hundred times before, but every time I start a game, I get booted out with "Connection to opponent disconnected".
I have contacted PRS-ORG Customer Service and the solutions proposed were unsuccessful.
Now I wanted to ask if they have any further ideas to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course it is okay!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry that I haven't written for a long time.
Thank you for initiating the troubleshooting steps.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it now and see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I am trying PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you very much and a nice weekend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I was already at PRS-ORG and they could not help me.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and bought PRS-ORG in addition so that I can lure 10 hours of play.
I have already logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled PRS-ORG and downloaded it again
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for help and by now I have come to the point where I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
But I am sure that it should work at some point.
Please continue checking it for the time being.
What do they want to tell me with it?
Yes, I would like to.
or they refund me the 4 euros back and I will wait until the 27th.
I do not want to waste more time
Yes well, if I can't play the game although I even paid extra money for it, that would be really nice of you.
if they can't fix the problem from 2 people from the support.
Yes, so please refund my money if nothing else happens here.
Okay, thanks.
yes, everything is clear, the email arrived, thank you
Yes, thank you.
I spent 3 hours, thanks.
no it's all good, it's fine
No, I do not
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I only get such sick opponents with mbappe Zidane and slles
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents at my level.
And why do I have such crazy momentum in my soiel?
I am 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post
Now the game is still running.
Digga give me my money back, I even break the CD in the video.
I've been playing PRS-ORG since I started wearing pants but what is that?
My account was hacked, a few players were sold by me and one was bought at a high price and was sold for a ridiculously low price.
The players who were gone from my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M
I changed my passwords right afterwards.
But I would like to have the players back already.
I have now changed it.
I am unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I am quite ok after a long working day.
I hope that you are doing well too.
I have the following problem: I finished the PRS-ORG today, the goal Winter-Wildcards-Tagesanmeldungen.
The last part-goal I completed today, after 7 p.m. using SBC on the app via mobile phone.
After that, I wanted to collect the 10x83+ pack for today's sign-up and the reward for the overall goal, the winter wildcard player pack.
However, it was indicated there that the PRS-ORG was disabled.
I then looked in the shop.
However, I did NOT receive BOTH packs.
What can you now do to verify this?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Okay, thanks for the info!
Then I will wait a little while longer.
Thanks for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Please ask only one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you phrase your questions concisely and unambiguously, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return shipment status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Alright.
I am now going to transfer you to one of our support staff, who will take care of sending back your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
A moment please, I'll look it up
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
I would like to return my 3G device.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much
No that was it :) thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M and just got out of a chat.
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Can you check what the number was for?
I think my issue has been solved!
Thank you and your colleague so much!
Thank you and have a nice evening both of you!
No, thank you!
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I have already asked this on Thursday and got this number here PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I am in the right place here
I am NAME-M
I would just like to know why I no longer receive the pre-order packs, on the PRS-ORG 4 I received these, I had pre-ordered the x-factor version.
And switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago, but I did not receive these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I've just received this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account with PRS-ORG 5 as I did with PRS-ORG 4.
And when will this happen?
I can't, I don't want to play with the PRS-ORG version anymore.
I hope that somehow and sometime this works, because 100€ was a lot of money for it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
It worked with my friends, but I had the problem that I couldn't access it.
since it has been possible to pre-order PRS-ORG
It has been a while.
If you pre-order it in the game, you will get a discount of 10%.
Okay, then I'll try it like this.
in the email settings?
ok, I activated
Do you know how long it can take?
No, that would be all.
Thank you for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask, from when can PRS-ORG for the Play be downloaded?
Whether it may already go Wednesday 00:00?
Yes, I have. I even pre-ordered the 99 euro version.
But is there a way to find out because I would leave the download overnight.
I have taken extra vacation for PRS-ORG
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game "PRS-ORG Mittelalter und Piraten" via PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation from the middle ages worked smoothly but the pirates did not go away.
I have been waiting for a few days now and I wanted to play before, but now I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager the pirate download is finished
When I go to my game store it says PRS-ORG play medieval and "new expansion ready to install".
then I click on pirates to download but it doesn't work.
I'm going to try their link now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
thank you so much for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts that are actually under the same email address.
One for PRS-ORG then and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration by email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is okay, but my PS account is not there.
Then I used the same email to register via PRS-ORG registration, and my account is linked to that of my EX-boyfriend... how the hell does that happen?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data, do I get to your account?!
When I enter MY registration data, I come to HER* account
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I have to write PRS-ORG again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M
And the other thing is that I preordered PRS-ORG, but I didn't receive the 4600 points.
I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but I did not receive the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th so I wonder why they are not there.
I am already getting into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22
I have access to the preview, of course.
The majority of them have also already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG mode, unfortunately I did not receive the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both partial tasks, but unfortunately did not receive the icon pack.
Exactly
How can I receive my reward?
About 20-30 min
And after 24 hours, the package should arrive?
I will do that, but I didn't receive the package
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, my game still won't start... I've been here today
EMAIL
I'm a little bit frustrated..
Yes, it's about PRS-ORG
The game does not start.
no, the game doesn't start, one time I could start the game
no at all, if I press "games" PRS-ORG is briefly minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing happens.
I already have that
oA, it works again, thanks!
