Well, it works like this.
Yesterday I had an annoying incident.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I logged in I only had 776
Ok.
Yes, I logged in yesterday via the PRS-ORG App.
Was then thrown out and upon renewed registration, the coins were gone.
So I myself have not bought anything.
Since as I said I was online via PRS-ORG App to do SBC.
I was then logged out and upon re-logging in, the coins were gone.
Could it be that they were bought elsewhere?
Since I was at work when all this happened.
That means it must have happened on my PRS-ORG.
As I said, I was at work at that time and I just got annoyed wondering where my coins are now.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
Too bad that PRS-ORG can't do anything about such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible for in-game purchases.
This is really still expandable.
Look more at customers than at profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to tell you your first name?
Hi here is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG goals.
If you're too good (Season 1 Elite €
Can't reach the goals as shown in the picture.
Therefore, experience for season progress is missing.
Please automatically evaluate the goals as completed if a "better" goal aka div 2 has been fulfilled.
No, it's about the season experience.
But I also take rewards again, so it's not like that 😂
Do the goals get unlocked?
Or will we receive compensation because these are unreachable?
Since they unfortunately cannot help me with the current problem.
Have a nice evening anyway.
Good morning, our device would like us to swipe the EC cards.
This is not possible at all with our device.
What should we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I am now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently we are covering the clinic, so I am not always at the phone.
Pass this on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and now in the consultation.
She will clarify the problem from the main account later.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can still not buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, that's only possible via the PRS-ORG.
Please activate this feature for me as soon as possible, I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and made a lot of games in PRS-ORG, in addition I have already bought PRS-ORG, but without the marketplace in the app the game is only half as much fun, I pay a lot for the game, so I want to be able to use everything fully!
That would be great, I don't have to buy any more PRS-ORG without this feature.
Thank you for your help!
I've already played all the modes and already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't that be accelerated?
Too bad, because this loses the fun of the game.
Everyone can buy and sell players through the app, but yourself not.
That's really not nice what PRS-ORG does there.
Since ALPHANUMERICID, every PRS-ORG has been bought and you are treated like this, it's not nice.
Ok, too bad, then I will try a little more, let's hope it works quickly.
Otherwise I don't need the game anymore.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thank you, I'm doing well.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher then opens a black window and closes again.
No.
I don't get into the game at all.
I believe it's because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked.
However, I cannot cancel it.
Yes.
No.
Not at all earlier.
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
I bought PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG, but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to deal with another topic.
I am back now.
Is it possible to provide article data, for example, via CSV import, for a large number of products / services?
Yes.
The connection is still active.
Please bear with me on my responses, as I also wait a while for a response.
I would like to create a large number of items with descriptions etc. using csv import all at once.
Is there such a function?
I would like to create a variety of items with descriptions, etc., all at once using csv import.
Is there this function?
The focus is on "large number".
It's about the migration from another system.
Thank you for forwarding.
Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I supposedly violated the rules.
I would like for it to be lifted and at least beginnning from scratch.
Otherwise I wouldn't know what to do with the game.
I can't play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to at least start anew and get a chance.
The other accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the opportunity to make a new account and start over because otherwise I don't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I haven't received any email from your team.
NAME-N would be fine.
Otherwise, I would wait 45 days.
If you can't do anything against that.
The paper roll is not recognized.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will now transfer you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Could you rephrase your question, NAME-M?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will check.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
No receipt is being printed.
Yes.
Error message - printer has no paper.
Insert a new roll and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
It is brand new and today the print no longer works because it doesn't recognize the paper.
It is the original roll that was delivered with the device and it is not recognized.
Even the one in the packaging is not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I hope you too.
Umm, I have the following problem.
Yesterday, I submitted a DSVGO request and I haven't received an answer yet.
How long does this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, so I would like to request DSGVO information because I want to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Okay, then I have to be patient.
I just hope that it will be cleared.
I put a lot of money into the game and also spent a lot of time to earn and get the players.
Okay, I'll wait until I get an answer.
Ok, thank you in advance for your help, thank you as well.
Inadvertently banned from PRS-ORG
Yes, thank you, I hope the same to you.
My problem is:
Yes, thank you, hopefully you are doing well too.
I kicked a player accidentally when I completed the PRS-ORG.
Can I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG on 20/12 as a gift.
I have already spoken to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG, who referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not land on the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was activated via the account, but unfortunately, the PRS-ORG have not been credited to the account to this day.
Can you see that?
You redeemed the code and do not have an PRS-ORG game?
I have done PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to get her in the club my controller fell down and I have kicked him.
I have received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link although I have neither a PRS-ORG nor an account.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza).
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change that now?
The problem is the data from the predecessor, I don't have anything.
And I have to change it as quickly as possible because of the EC card payments.
don't you have a telephone hotline?
Unfortunately, not from the predecessor.
We would have to register completely anew so to speak.
Or do you have any other idea?
Okay, and how or where do I do that?
And what if the pizza drivers have to take the device with them, for example?
Okay, thank you. I will try it and if I have any questions I will contact you again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Same to you!
I spent €20 for PRS-ORG on October 31, but I never received a transfer.
No, I would like to get either the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I bought them but didn't receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
Via the PSN Store on PRS-ORG
1
Purchase on 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, for some days now I have not been able to complete my purchase.
How can the error be corrected?
EMAIL
This should have been on 3/1.
Re-enter the credit card number?
Unfortunately, it did not work.
No, my patience is done for today.
I have something else to do.
Perhaps I will take another system.
Shade was actually always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
The number 12 at the bottom.
I have already looked to see if there has been a block, but my history shows none.
Correct.
The game does not start, although it did so without any problems so far.
The system is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
It also doesn't work with my two sons.
These have different email addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I will try that and get back to you.
I bought PRS-ORG to use the advertised cross-play in F1 22.
But you cannot play together with PRS-ORG users.
That's why I am asking for a refund and termination of the subscription from NAME-M.
If you follow up, I would be happy to be a customer again.
EMAIL
I am exchanging with other league drivers of ALPHANUMERICID what you have done there again instead of enjoying the new part with all.
Otherwise, things are going well and I thank you for your request.
How was your day?
Are many people nervous?
Isn't it bad for PRS-ORG to have problems constantly helping people?
NAME-M (:
A bouquet of flowers is always something wonderful.
Green stands for the color of hope, right?
What happens next?
That was all I wanted.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, just now I have a chat with NAME-F.
I described my case to you and you sent me a code (to verify me) by email so that you forwarded the problem.
When I was back on the page from PRS-ORG, the chat was gone.
Here is the code, just in case you can use it somehow.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG, I thought.
Yes, I know that. It's about my brother who is 11 years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His e-mail is: EMAIL
Yes, I know. It's about my brother who is eleven years old, which is why I'm contacting you.
His e-mail is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me further?
But in my e-mail there is no 6-digit code.
What should I do now?
E-Book
I loaded a title about PRS-ORG via Onleihe on my PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for this.
But I carried out the authorization normally beforehand.
One title is "An Immoral Special Offer".
Yes, exactly, I use
Me.
I will try it again and otherwise I will report this case separately.
Thank you!
It didn't work out again, who can I contact?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp.
Can you help me?
I cannot use the web app because I have a PRS-ORG trial access.
This is the message I get when I start the web app.
Why is that?
My PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG email?
All clear, thank you.
Thank you very much, that is very kind.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I'm pretty angry right now.
I just chatted with one of their colleagues and after following his advice, I can't even log in to my PC.
PRS-ORG has drawn an update.
Now my normal password no longer works.
That was the case, yes.
But now PRS-ORG doesn't start anymore and I have no access to the PC because it seems to want a PRS-ORG password now which I don't have!,,,,
I had a number or
Number code
Now I can't even enter a payment.
From a simple one has become a huge problem!!!
Damn it again.
But NAME-M I don't.
I lost it together with my note for passwords.
Alex, this can't be true!!!
All just because of the great tips from their colleague!!!
Thank you very much.
What nonsense is that guy telling me.
That can take a long time again.
Yes.
Refer me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is , how can I help you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked.
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it must be replaced.
Now I'm on the go and don't have the device with me.
I will probably have to contact you again.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no more questions.
I'll get back to you later when I can read off the serial number.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would ask you to update this so that I can change the login data and a copy of the invoices can also be sent to me.
It now reads EMAIL
Exactly.
Before it was EMAIL and now the one stated above.
And my website is now URL, but I could change this myself for the invoices etc.
The point for me is to change my login data and get a copy again with the invoice.
Yes I am, it took some time to write:-)
I have already sent an e-mail a few days ago, but I have not received any answer yet.
But I will write you one again, thank you :-)
Thank you!
No thanks :-) Have a nice day!
Best regards
Dear Sir or Madam,
I bought several PRS-ORG on 01/01/2021 and paid through PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I kindly ask for examination and reimbursement.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, one of them is "Bloody Fetters".
However, I received all the books, because I was asked to try again with the first order.
But I am looking forward to your feedback.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would not like to return a previously ordered sum up.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: With the PRS-ORG, I can enter the sum at the terminal and don't need an extra app to do so, right?
Second question: How does it work with the return?
Exactly, I want to send back the air.
After that, I order the PRS-ORG.
Gladly, it will take 10 min until I am back at the device.
Will NAME-M not be lost?
Not that I have to start from the beginning again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-F
I'm fine. How about you?
I would very much like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC doesn't have a CD-ROM.
Can I download PRS-ORG somewhere or will it PRS-ORG be available for download again one day?
Does that mean I can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on a different PC?
Can I save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no way at all?
Okay, I'll see... Maybe there's a way.
Thank you very much anyway!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG yesterday on the series s.
However, I have not received the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought PRS-ORG on the series s and downloaded it yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I want to have the points that were promised to me in the version?
Why don't I receive them from the 27th on?
Ok.
Thank you very much.
I wait.
I am annoyed that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and I can't have my own.
I just want them to come as fast as possible.
Otherwise, the advance access does not bring me anything.
Ok.
Thank you first.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here.
I wanted to ask where it fails.... I have been playing PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG since release + early access and the transfer market (web app/companion app) is still not unlocked... something can't be right... I would really need it... Best regards
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others for more than 10 matches a day.
Yes, exactly.
Yes, but I've been playing for 3 weeks.
How can it be that it is still not unlocked...
I play every day.
Something isn't right here.
If I'm not unlocked in 1 month, what then?
Can you then help further?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or must both be actively played, both PRS-ORG as well as PRS-ORG series X?
Thank you...
Have a nice day, I hope this works through soon.... really stupid system you have with the "earn".
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thanks it goes, except that you can help me, and so I wanted to load 12k points today via the web app, ALPHANUMERICID, unfortunately I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the moment.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because they are ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super nice if you could do that.
I have been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you are interested in my age, I am 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved my day and I'm really grateful to you.
In the future, I will check three times what I have clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Ok, a moment please.
Great, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We can't establish a connection to the mobile network.
We have already restarted, taken out the SIM card and put it back in, various locations, but it doesn't work.
But it is possible with the wifi.
PHONENUMBER
Will be turned off...
Startes again.
I logged in, now it's searching again.
Connected to the Wi-Fi.
It works.
Also with the cellular network.
Can you tell me why it is working now?
So that we can avoid the error.
We had the error since yesterday and suddenly it works again???
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Thank you, you too!
On PRS-ORG yes.
This is not the problem.
I can log in to the servers without any problem.
However, if the audwhl of the save states comes and I press OK, my game is I suspect zoomed in too close.
So I can't see anything.
NAME-M then I am looking forward to it, thank you for your help.
No, otherwise it works. It just confused me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw map last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I shouldn't have done that.
But honestly, who pays attention to the small print when drawing packs?
I bought the game more expensive.
And of course, I would like to be able to use my advantage.
So in any case, a new pack will come.
Don't I have to worry about it?
Very nice.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the club name in the goals.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
Exactly, it's about the short form that you then see at the top of the game.
E-mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or PRS-ORG Account, also RufusNasedo.
I think I confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to have it changed through the support?
Typical again for the company in terms of customer service, but thank you anyway.
That's all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I have just chatted with one colleague from you.
My game no longer starts after the update.
NAME-M, that's me ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email, this is the code.
What exactly?
EMAIL
Well, after the update today, the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG is opened and wants to start and doesn't go.
Graphics driver installed newest installed
Repair the game.
Nothing else.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, in the PRS-ORG desktop app, I was shown that I will receive 4600 PRS-ORG with the title "More PRS-ORG" if I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and didn't get any points
EMAIL
And
julianlawi870
Thank you!
Did you write a message?
I think I received one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When will I receive the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just completed the PRS-ORG  abo.
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version.
But I was shown that I get 4600 with PRS-ORG.
Can I cancel PRS-ORG so that I can get my money back?
All clear, I will try it, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello!
I unexpectedly received the message when logging into PRS-ORG that the login is not possible.
I can no longer log into my account and the password recovery email is no longer sent.
*will be
Gladly, this reads EMAIL
118850
Is the code
Okay, thank you so much!
It worked.
Thank you very much!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will Invoice ALPHANUMERICID?
Payment 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I did not receive the money.
Only the last amount of 43 francs was paid out.
43.83
So I don't have the money, you have to check it, not me.
Yes, I have.
But I have not received the amount of 2579.91.
Hello.
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I can't buy any books from you because I only have an EC card from PRS-ORG.
Can I also grant a debit authorization to you?
EMAIL
So far I could not shop yet because I could not pay.
And none of these payment options are available for me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay via the Sparkasse EC card or to give you a direct debit mandate.
Even transferring the money to them would also be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send the purchased PRS-ORG back.
Only that, to grant me one of the payment options listed
I would also like to thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning
I bought PRS-ORG and have no access to the PRS-ORG web app
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I only played PRS-ORG and further older parts.
No PRS-ORG
Do I have to make a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG first?
However, the web app has been running for 2 days now, so I see a disadvantage in this, only on 27.09.
Get access to PRS-ORG.
Where are you from?
Your grammar is not 100%, but since I am old I can often deduce the meaning.
Thank you for your help.
You too.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
We want to enable enable PRS-ORG
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG.
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my e-mail address?".
One moment, I will now forward you to one of our support employees.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
We want to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, thank you for the info.
Otherwise everything works perfectly.
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
This morning, when I checked my app, I noticed that my transfer market was no longer working. Can you give me information about this?
It says I have received an email, but unfortunately I have not. So I came here to contact support.
Yes.
I went through the night buying and selling players to earn coins so that I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
As you can see, I also buy regularly in the PRS-ORG store. Of course, I am not a bot or anything else.
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market.
All clear, thank you for your time :)
I hope for good news.
So that I can start the game again with joy.
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle-earth 2
As soon as I reach 68% the message comes that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There I only have the options Try again and Cancel.
One moment, I have to start the installation again for that.
Yes, it's at 68% right now.
I'm waiting for the error message.
Yes, it's at 68% right now.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to tranfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
Not right now.
I'm trying out the solution to the feed.
If there is still a problem, I will register again.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right.
And the ball then goes to the left to the only opponent, free-standing, in a radius of several meters, then what exactly is that called?
>Otherwise I would not have indicated PRS-ORG as the game.
Once again, in understandable German please.
Your sentence just now was a total accident
What exactly did you want to tell me?
Yes, the situation I described to you.
Do you actually consider a minimum of 5 minutes for each answer you write?
"The situation you mentioned to me is a technical bug!"
Yes, I think so too.
However, there was exactly the same bug last year.
I also reported that to you.
Among other things, in your PRS-ORG.
And from your PRS-ORG_rephii I got the impression that it would be all correct.
And that would be so desired from you.
One of you two didn't seem to be so honest with the truth then.
How do I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Return the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Do you want to return a device, or is it about the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Send Device Back,Return Shipment Status}
NAME-M_TEXT:All right.
I will forward you to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
A moment please, I'll look it up.
I am now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to try it out at a booth, but would like to give it back.
Can you help me further?
Within 30 days we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 28/11.
Unfortunately, it is at home.
Then I have to see it again when I am at home.
Thank you, I will do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
Everything is okay, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game unfortunately does not start the quest to unlock "Fleet-A-Pita", the quest would have to be called "Investor".
Exactly. :)
Oh, no.
I don't have it yet.
Then it will definitely be due to this.
Thank you for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I am missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but have not received them to this day.
You're welcome.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I have to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, I'm currently having some problems playing PRS-ORG Legends.
I have been experiencing this problem for about 2 weeks.
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, are lying.
My character itself is not stuck.
And at the end of the round I can no longer get out of the game and have to start the application again.
What could be the cause of that?
The internet connection works without any problems.
I looked at all the links and we have already tried everything.
For example, I changed the DNS server and tried it during low load times.
In other games it works without problems and individual rounds also work without problems.
Could it be the servers?
The PRS-ORG is connected to the router directly via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m, the cable has been laid freshly 3 days ago to be able to exclude the error.
Okay, I will report the bug.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with their colleague.
I have a request.
I tested PRS-ORG invoices and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice now, but I would like to delete the test invoice so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice?
There's an extra test invoice.
I have to get rid of it.
No booking results from that.
That was a test that I went too far with.
There is no payment.
I entered it just as a test.
But then it's as if I paid.
That's wrong.
Can't you just set my "invoicing area" to 0?
Nothing has been done yet.
Then please close my account and I will re-register it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I wanted to register the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After I tried to register with a different device, the password I was given did not work.
I tried to reset it, but that doesn't work either.
Can you please help me?
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you so much.
Unfortunately, nothing came again.
893361
So you will get another email with the password to use?
What code?
I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thank you so much!
I set up a PRS-ORG account many years ago with an email address that now only serves me as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I have unintentionally opened another account with a different email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to merge these two accounts, otherwise I always have to switch.
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account is running on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like everything to run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
On which mail address did you send the code?
Which mail address did you send the code to?
I didn't receive anything.
I'll check my spam folder.
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you.
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there another way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from dwelke to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Besides, please ask only one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
One moment, I will transfer you now.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'll check.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I received the confirmation email.
Thank you, everything is done for today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was locked on the transfer market.
Alleged coin delivery.
But that can't be.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and have already invested 400€.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Ok.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am aware of no wrongdoing on my part!
So I was still in the game last night and everything was fine.
I also made a transfer.
This morning I wanted to see the transfer in the app and then the message came with the ban and the info regarding the coin donation.
I can't understand and understand it!
That's why I really hope you can help me.
I then changed my password immediately this morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
At that time, I was hacked and blocked from the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
Wanted to play Battlefield again for years and has now changed from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
When I started the game I received the message that I had to renew the password.
I also did that, but I still can't get into the game.
I always get the same message- change password.
I can log in to PRS-ORG.
However, only via the email address and if I want to log in via PS Icon, I get the message again: "Reset Password"?
Exactly.
Then there is always the message to renew the password or error to PRS-ORG.
Despite password reset.
Thank you.
My e-mail is EMAIL, for PS I have the same e-mail
OK.
I'll check.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22.
I got the 4600 PRS-ORG, the loan player, and the totw item.
However, the OTW item is missing and has not appeared in my account despite logging in and out.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, sorry, I read it wrong.
The e-mail address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I am reassured!
Thank you! :)
That was all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you. I'm doing well.
And you?
I have the problem that I cannot download the German commentary language on PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
That makes me happy.
With great pleasure.
:-)
Thank you for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language in German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
But I would like to have the comments in German as well.
Okay, thank you very much.
I will try it.
Very gladly.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi,
I was told that I can redeem my token in one hour, it has been 2 hours and it still does not work.
But how can that be, my colleague told me that I have a token.
I lost a token because of a game error????
How can it be that I don't get a token then?
I even have a clip.
Why do you say something different now than in other cases?
I saved a clip how the opponent starts drück and the game leaves.
and I get a defeat.
It's not my internet that's the problem, it's the game.
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I see, the colleague before you has written everything wrong.
I get 2 different statements from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the touch screen button on my PRS-ORG device no longer works for "paying".
And I can't turn off the device, because it's the same touch screen button.
I must quickly see what it is called.
PRS-ORG
Exactly.
The lower button does not work.
For more than 3 weeks now.
Ok.
No.
Hello I'm NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I'm doing well so far :) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
But I can't buy an PRS-ORG because the error message is "There is a problem with the PRS-ORG checkout.
Please try again later."
occurs.
Exactly, that's right.
I try to buy the points on PC or in PRS-ORG.
I also tried that.
However, this also does not work.
The message appears that I have to earn the right to access the transfer market.
However, I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any problem a few months ago without an error message.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, I hope you are, of course, too.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I have nothing to do with it. I have a TRAIDING list with players that I sell more expensive and those players just go more expensive way and today I got a ban.
But when I go to my ban history, there is no email.
There is no history there and I didn't get an email either, why I was banned.
Because this message really shocked me, as I really enjoy playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly, I can't use it anymore.
All right, that would be very nice since I also drew NAME-M recently and was able to improve my team through him.
And now I am locked out, that's very bad, because I had great joy playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very nice.
I have to go back to work now, is it possible in any way that I can reach you again?
I let the customer chat open.
My cartel device has a defect.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example "How can I change my e-mail address?".
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please always ask only one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
Sorry, apparently a problem has occurred.
A moment, I will forward you to one of our support staff who will take care of your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look into it.
Now I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
The chip reader works.
However, when it says "Put in the card," the card is not read.
The problem has been occurring with the PRS-ORG device for about a month.
I have several customers who pay with card.
Therefore, the problem occurred with multiple cards.
Unfortunately, not right now.
Since I am not in the shop.
Sure.
Thank you.
Can I also contact you by telephone?
No, thank you.
You have helped me very much.
Have a nice day at work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
Since today there is the problem in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera shifts, so it is impossible to play.
No changes were made.
The day before everything ran smoothly.
I can play this game.
But since today it's unplayable with many bugs.
The camera shifts for no reason while playing.
No, I do not get any error.
During normal gameplay, it suddenly occurs.
Ok, sounds great.
Thank you for the help.
Unfortunately, it is not playable with this bug.
Have a nice evening.
No, thank you.
Thank you for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine.
I hope you too.
I can't access the pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
I always says pro clubs data is loading.
How can I turn it off?
Check.
There are only clubs.
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, here is NAME-M
Unfortunately, I have not found a way to provide feedback to the developers.
That's why I'm signing up here because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG are currently cheaters and smurfers.
I would like to propose a solution.
To whom can I send this?
I would like to wait for that.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much!
And you still have a beautiful day.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I'll check.
I'm now having your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
As access to our account we have the following email address: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, as we have cancelled the subscriptions.
That's why we have to change the mail address as the access to PRS-ORG.
Can we do this ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
The payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have already done this and hope that we have done everything right.
Can you check this anyway?
All clear, NAME-M.
Thanks for the help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-F
Yes, I had a great day today, I hope you have one too.
I wanted to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came up that the game can't be started.
Initialization error on startup.
When I press play I get the error message: Cannot be started.
Boot error { DEVICEID: DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER: DEVICEID}
I have already repaired the game area 2 times.
I just found out that it had to do with my antivirus software.
I'm sorry for the disruption.
Still thanks for the help.
Stay healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
I played draft players and 2.
There was an error message and he got kicked out of the game. Now I'm back in and my draft is finished. After one game.
Ok and what do I do now since it says claiming rewards after a game?
The second time.
The first time was the first draft, where it happened apparently because of the player NAME-M.
Yes, there was.
It said something about system error and it immediately went out of PRS-ORG.
I reported the disturbance directly by clicking.
Should I claim the reward and then get my draft token again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I have a problem with my order.
And yesterday I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG for 17,49€ via the PRS-ORG store, but I still haven't received them to this day.
What is the reason for that?
Yes, you can do it.
Do you need anything from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that.
I also tried to look via the web app if the points have already arrived, but to no avail.
And where should I send it to them?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG.
But when I sign up, I should confirm via my old number (ends in 277) and not via my new number.
In the PRS-ORG account my new number is.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to log in at PRS-ORG to claim various bonuses
Yes.
As I said, I can't log in to PRS-ORG; I should verify it via my old mobile number that is no longer in the account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account.
I want to register at PRS-ORG and then confirm via my old mobile phone number at PRS-ORG
The problem is not with PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in your settings of my account my old mobile number seems to be there &amp; I should verify myself using this
My email address is EMAIL.
I have already entered my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up with PRS-ORG, I could verify myself with the new number.
Only when logging in to other sites, but I will try.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and got a draft token with it.
When I wanted to start the game, the picture was hanging and nothing worked anymore.
So that I had to restart the game.
After that, I noticed that my points and token were gone.
This is not the first time that this happens to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing about the connection, my connection was also fine.
But that also happens from time to time in the middle of the game.
I play, but I'm just signed out from the servers even though there's internet.
Yes, my email is EMAIL.
All good, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I filed the case regarding my hacked account on Tuesday at 9:00 AM with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long does the processing take approx.?
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I'm fine and you?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure right now.
I am glad you are having a good day so far!
Okay, all clear, thank you, I look forward to a prompt processing.
Hello, I am NAME-M.
Thank you, you too?
My problem is the following:
Since about
In a month, despite PS+, I can no longer start an online game in PRS-ORG.
I've tried it for sure hundreds of times, but every time I start a game, I am thrown out with the message "The connection to the opponent has been interrupted."
I have already contacted the PRS-ORG customer service, but the solutions were unsuccessful.
Now I wanted to ask if you have any further ideas to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course that's fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
I am sorry that I haven't written for a long time.
Thank you for the initiated troubleshooting steps.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it right away if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I will try PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you and have a nice weekend.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I had already contacted PRS-ORG and they couldn't help me.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and also got PRS-ORG so that I can hook 10 hours of the game.
I have already logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and downloaded PRS-ORG again.
I've been waiting for over 2 hours for help and I've now reached the point where I would like to get my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
However, I am sure that it should work at some point.
Please continue to check it for now.
What do you want to tell me with that?
Yes well, I would also like to.
Or you refund me the 4 euro and I wait until the 27th.
I don't have any more time to waste.
Yes, well, if I can't play the game even though I paid extra money for it, that would be very nice of you.
If you can't get the problem fixed from 2 people in support.
Yes, so please refund me my money if nothing more is done here.
Okay, thanks.
jo all clear, the email arrived, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
I have wasted 3 hours, thank you.
No, everything is fine. That's enough.
No, I do not like it
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why am I only getting such sick opponents with mbappe, Zidane and salles?
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Digga give me normal opponents at my level.
And why do I have so much momentum in my soiel?
Digga, I'm 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still paused.
Come on, give me my money back, I also break the CD in the video.
I've been playing PRS-ORG since I got myself into trouble but what can I do?
My account was hacked, a few of my players were sold and one was sold for a high price and sold for the throw-in price.
The players who were gone from my team were allan position ZM, once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M
I changed my passwords right away after that.
But I would like to have my players back again.
I have now changed it.
I am unsubscribed from fut.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I'm doing pretty well after a long day at work.
I hope you are also doing well.
I have the following problem: I completed the goal Winter Wildcards daily sign-ups today at PRS-ORG.
The last part goal I finished via SBC today after 7 PM on the app via mobile phone.
After that, I wanted to get the 10x83+ pack for today's registration, as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter-Wildcards player pack.
But there it was displayed that the PRS-ORG has been terminated.
Then I looked in the shop.
However, I did not receive BOTH packs.
What can you do now, can you check it?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username.
Okay, thank you very much for the information!
Then I will wait a little longer.
Thanks for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Return of the device.
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can best help you if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example "How can I change my email address?".
{ChatWindowButton:Device return,status of a return}
NAME-M_TEXT:OK.
I will now forward you to one of our support employees who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
A moment please, I will look it up.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to send back my 3G device.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much.
No that was all :) thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M and just got out of a chat.
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Can you check what it was about by the number?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you very much!
Thank you and have a nice evening both of you!
No, thank you!
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I already asked on Thursday and got this number PHONENUMBER.
I hope you can help me and I'm in the right place here.
I am NAME-M
I just want to know why I can no longer get the pre-order packs, on the PRS-ORG 4 I received this. I have the x-factor version pre-ordered.
And switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago, but didn't receive these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I just received this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account on PRS-ORG 5 as on the 4th.
And when will this happen?
I don't want to play with the PRS-ORG version now.
I hope that works somehow and sometime, because the 100€ were a lot of money.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
My friends were able to pre-order it, but I have encountered this problem and can't do it.
Since you can pre-order PRS-ORG
That was quite some time ago.
If you pre-order that in the game you will also get a discount of 10%.
Okay, then I will try it this way.
in email settings?
Okay, I have activated it.
Do you know how long this can take?
No, that would be all.
Thank you for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask from when PRS-ORG can be downloaded for it Play?
Or if it's possibly already Wednesday 00:00?
Yes, that's me, I even preordered the 99 euro version.
But is there any way to find out because I would let the download run overnight.
I took a special vacation for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG Middle Ages and Pirates through PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation of the Middle Ages worked smoothly, but from Pirates it didn't work.
I have waited for a few days now and wanted to play beforehand, now I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you!
I could only see PRS-ORG.
Under download manager it says that the pirates download is complete.
When I go to my game store, it says PRS-ORG, play Middle Ages, and "new expansion ready to install".
Then I click on pirates to download but it doesn't work.
I will try their link now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
Thanks for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts, which actually run under the same email address.
One was for the PRS-ORG and one was for the PRS-ORG.
The normal registration by e-mail leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is okay so far, but my PS account is not stored there.
Then I registered with the same email via PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked to my ex-boyfriend's.. how in the hell does this work?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link to his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my login data, I get to your account?!
If I enter MY login data, do I get to HIS* account?
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I cannot remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I just have to write PRS-ORG again..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello I'm NAME-M
And now, I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but did not receive the 4600 points.
Now I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but I did not receive the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I'm wondering why they are not there.
I can already get into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22.
I have had early access.
Most also already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG mode, unfortunately I did not receive the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both sub-tasks, but unfortunately have not received the Icon Pack.
Exactly.
How can I get my reward now?
About 20-30 minutes ago.
And after 24 h my pack should be there?
I will do that, but I didn't get the pack.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, I'm NAME-M, my game does not start again... I was already here today.
EMAIL
I'm a little frustrated..
Yes, it's about PRS-ORG.
The game does not start.
No, the game does not start. The last time it started, it crashed.
No, not at all. If I press "Games", PRS-ORG will be briefly minimized and maximized again.
Nothing else happens.
I already have.
yep, it works again, thank you!
