Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion before I even had a chance to answer
Ok.
I just told you I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have an invoice of the purchase
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG site is:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG retailer
So you're affiliated with them
that's why you're the most qualified to handle this refund
Yes, but since you are an affiliate
you can handle it for me
yes
I'll check with them and come back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
the problem is that my account
it's linked to my PRS-ORG account
While I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes, that's it
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I'd like to link the account to PRS-ORG
Yes, or retrieve my PRS-ORG companion team.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
hello
I just launched a fut champions match and the match remains stuck on the opposing team
I can even send you an image
you are
no
I am in a FUT Champions match and the match is blocked on the opponent's team
EMAIL
for your information, I am still in the match with the opponent's team, and I don't want to leave the match because I'm afraid I'll lose the match
but if I leave the game, am I going to lose?
it's okay, I didn't lose the match. Have a nice day.
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days, when I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: the confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'Abbaye des cent péchés
My phone in general.
Then I sync it to the eReader.
Except for audiobooks that I listen to on the phone
Devil!
What is this?
Good.
You will think me very stupid, but until yesterday, everything worked.
I haven't changed my phone.
Where am I supposed to find this VPN?
I'll try to do what you suggested.
If it doesn't work I'll come back to you.
Good evening.
Best regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
I used the account recovery feature this morning with one of your colleagues
I reset my email, everything is ok, everything works
however, I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
And apparently I have to provide this information to an advisor.
Since I am very afraid of not being able to access my account again, I am panicking a little
yes, I was just wondering why they are asking me that, since I already received a code to reset my email, and now everything works
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid I'll have to reset my mail again when I don't need it
So, thank you, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
hello everyone, I have a problem with my account, my game code was already used, but I found the right account, the problem is that it wants to install it with the download and not with the CD, because I don't have a lot of internet and a bad connection, so it's a pain
how do I get it to install from the CD
because of that, it takes 1 day to download
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
it starts directly with the download.
without entering the game code
because it was already installed on another computer, so when I opened my account and I had the CD, it wanted to download it
what does this mean? he is trying to download it to install it
yes my internet connection is not very good, so it takes me a day to download it
I want to install it from a CD, not from a download.
Via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I look over your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello!
I wish to receive your emails in French and not in German.
Is this possible?
I also received emails saying that my account had been successfully verified, but 3 months later.
yes
I have the language in French on my dashboard.
But I receive all the communication in German
yes
great, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the details (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information?
I wanted to go back to check the price, but I can't find those information.
Currently no, I'm on the support page.
(everything is in Italian, which doesn't help haha)
Okay, I'll make a new order then!
That's all for me!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to handle your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look at your conversation with NAME-M
we downloaded all the documents
please reconfigure our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration and it's not working anymore
yes, I need to download it again
I just did it
I answered the email
please do it quickly
it is a significant loss for us.
for you too...
Okay, I get it, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like us to contact one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
hello
I made a request to change my account details, and I was wondering when this request will take effect?
it is a business account for a company
yes, I am still here
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I do not understand.
So, how should I proceed?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I did not make
You just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic unsubscriptions for PRS-ORG **** have been disabled.
You can reactivate them during your next purchase from a merchant PRS-ORG.
No.
I don't remember
My nephew may have paid with the phone for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "3G mobile data" connection type has been activated, but even when we go to the office, the connection doesn't work.
Moreover, the battery level changes from one second to the next, from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to have a new device.
Could you please take care of this?
Thank you for your cooperation and best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will I be charged for this device?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your effective and good cooperation.
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by email at EMAIL or phone us at PHONENUMBER.
Best regards
No, that's perfect.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
Yes.
I have a problem with the transfer limits
I have to send 158,100€ to my notary.
for the acquisition of a parcel of a forest
I just found out about the levels of limits
For the time being, I have 59,975€ in the account, which I would like to send to the notary as soon as possible
I'm referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
moreover, I'm expecting 100,000€ that I was supposed to receive on the account
these days
And I should make another transfer of 98,125€
I can give you the notary's call for funds to prove this to you.
I tried to transfer 59,975 € yesterday.
on June 14, 2022 at 7:49 pm
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because you guys cannot code a game
I launched a draft in the 1st round at 0 minutes of play, my opponent cheated and I lost
My name is NAME-M
An angry user
yes, in the meantime I even tried to redo the draft to see if it was a bug on my end
Huh?
Are you kidding me?
But you're useless. You're just incapable, like every time I have to deal with you.
it's always the same thing, you're useless, do what you like, there's nothing I can do
so now I have to wait 1 hour of play and maybe I could get a draft token?
So in addition to having my head screwed on, I have to stop playing the game for an hour?
you are geniuses, keep up like this, you're on the right track
yeah, as usual there's nothing to do, thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG, at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How can I change my email address?
”.
In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has still not arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Sure
Unfortunately, I can't access your payment frequency.
However, you can view it from your account settings: URL.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I browse your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thanks
So, is that for today or tomorrow?
Yes.
Ok, I'll wait then
Everything is fine, good luck
I would need a board for my living rooms
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you restate your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
screen showing the PRS-ORG
I want to talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have any questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand.
Could you reformulate your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to know if it is possible to receive a small plaque indicating that I have an PRS-ORG.
and that my customers can pay by credit card
no
it's not my problem
when I was in the market, I had a little sign indicating that one can pay with a credit card
but I had it stolen at the last fair
I would like to know if you could send me one
a display
please
If possible, 3 that can be put on my stand
not those that glue.
Mme Vozel Amandine 3 Lot La Cour du Bois 17260 Saint-André-de-Lidon
No, thank you, have a nice day
Hello the payment links don't work
So, what can I do for you today?
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How can I change my email address?
".
Remote payment
I'm sorry about that.
Could you please tell me what type of transaction this is?
{ChatWindowButton:Payment terminal order,With my payment terminal,Remote settlement,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties may occur for different reasons.
To find which one applies to your situation, I'll transfer you to a human colleague.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I browse your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link doesn't work, every time I create a link it asks me for the terminal
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it didn't work, so I made a QR code for 300€
I don't understand why the links don't work
Can you tell me the reason, I have no answer
Yes, thank you, I think I did something wrong
Thank you very much for your response and reactivity
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I'm contacting you because PRS-ORG took away 950,000 coins from me on PRS-ORG ultimate team
For reasons that I do not know, because the credits I had were earned by the players I had in the packs, I sent the pictures
And by engaging in buy-sell transactions.
I'd like to get my credits back. It's a huge sum!
I'm contesting the sanction!
Psn: ALPHANUMERICID
email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 coins from another account!
I've never done anything illegal!
And the rest I earned myself.
And PRS-ORG has taken everything from me!
And when I go to my history of bans/suspensions, I don't have anything listed
At help.PRS-ORG
I have never violated the rules of PRS-ORG
Yes, that is a huge amount, thank you.
Thank you.
So I'll do nothing now?
I'm just waiting for an answer by email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I sent proofs by photos before starting this case with you
I don't know if you have access?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M
Thank you, so here I am encountering a problem for the second time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
actually I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (so I pay money), so I decide to start a match
And as soon as I'm part of it, I'm disconnected.
surely cheaters
But it's the second time since I'm doing a draft
and I am starting to get fed up with this kind of fraud
I would like a refund of points
sure, thank you.
No problem
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you can't fix this problem
So, you will refund me.
I paid
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
this is not normal, your game players lose money because of cheaters
And you don't offer a refund?
find a way to reimburse me
I will not leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it's already valid on Playstation
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so, in short, the issue is PRS-ORG
does the PRS-ORG subscription work on multiple platforms?
If I have a subscription via p^playstation, it must be valid on PRS-ORG?
or not?
no, you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but not valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and Happy New Year 2021,
I can't log in to my PRS-ORG online account at all, the password reset doesn't work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG username, I get a message that says there is already an account with this username.
On the other hand, from my reader, downloads are going normally.
Could you help me?
Regards.
EMAIL
No, since I can no longer access my account, but I just found two invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my reader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it worked; my last 2 paid purchases are indeed from February 16, 2020, and the amounts are the same as on my statement.
It worked, I just logged in via Edge and PRS-ORG, and added your homepage to favorites.
Problem solved, thanks for your help and have a good Sunday.
thanks, I have a book suggestion for you: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but from the pocket format that has just been released, so it will be cheaper than the hard cover version that came out in 2018.
That's fine with me.
Good day to you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
I can't play PRS-ORG games
unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
Lucas, hello and thank you for your help.
PRS-ORG game has already been sent back once, but today we tried again and the problem is still there.
we tried it on two consoles, PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG One, with no result
yes
we tried to reset it to factory settings, but it didn't work
update impossible 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
When I go to Manage Game > Update, there are no available updates
yes, this error code has been showing for 4 days now
there's a problem updating the game, it crashes when we try to update it
ok, thanks
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
I asked by email for an "employee" email address to be deleted so that I could use it again on another account.
Your colleague replied that it was not possible, although it was done for another address the day before.
I have not received any reply to my 2nd message.
So, should I receive news quickly?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a good day.
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, Robert. I'm having trouble making an online payment.
transation failed
Your deposit request failed or was canceled.
It's really urgent, if possible, to resolve the problem today, thank you
no thank you
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
as usual, every month, even though I got my twitch prime pack
I didn't receive it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is at the address EMAIL
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS prime account, I keep experiencing this issue with two different email addresses every time
Well, I asked for the recovery, and it said "recovery successful"
so the problem is with you, not with me
and in the previous months, the person I talked to via chat generated the pack for me
so I think that there is a competence problem
I didn't sign in to the console
only on the app
alright, thank you
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Through the chat.
How do you want to be in touch with one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday at 11:00 PM all transactions were impossible.
I sent my identity card and my registry excerpt at around 5 pm yesterday
My trade register extract
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
I need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the requested documents directly to my profile.
Yes.
Ok, I'll call you back at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be adjusted?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner.
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate.
and I would like to know if we could buy the Sum Up 3G without a printer.
because the price is very high
I want a second PRS-ORG
And I want this terminal
URL
Without the printer.
Please send me the link, because I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
What about it?
Nothing.
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is deformed.
It becomes unreadable towards the end: overlapping characters and off-center diacritics.
This is too bothersome, I would like a refund, thank you.
I resume this chat started too late on Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"ces biens essentiels" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed or if the problem is just with my reader...
I can take pictures but not right away.
At home it's towards page 294, but it depends on the font size.
At least 75%
Sure, because I am not available for more right now.
That suits me perfectly, thank you
thank you, have a good end of your shift
We're glad to see you again, NAME-F!
to speak to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
What can I do for you today?
Hello, NAME-F. A customer paid through the link and I don't see the payment
URL
but it's in his account.
Yesterday.
it's written as accepted on my transactions... sent to my links... but not paid
ah ok, thank you, how come it was not instant, as it usually happens with payment links?
As soon as the payment is made, I receive a notification
are things different now?
reconnect to the site and not the app?
ok, thanks
Have a good day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello
Last night I launched a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token.
I used the token and created my draft team online
When I launched the 1st match, the change never worked
After 30 minutes of waiting, I turned off and turned on the console
The game tells me I quit the match, so I lost my token and now I have a handicap in the next match for quitting
Can you fix this?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thank you for your feedback, I tried that last night.
But the application tells me that I am not eligible
I must say, that is quite outrageous.
I spent 2h playing the game for this.
Yes.
Thank you
I look forward to hearing from you very soon
platforms
I didn't make any purchases and I don't have any audiobooks.
my eReader was purchased in September.
yes, thank you
Since yesterday, I've been trying to add books from Adobe to my eReader.
but it still says I'm not authorized.
I removed all my permissions and reset them afterwards and nothing changed.
I followed all the steps I found on your site but it doesn't work.
The error message I get on my eReader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
having authorized your eReader before, you must reimport it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is authorized everywhere on my computer and on the reader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I've had the reader since September.
I contacted you in December for the same problem.
that means I had this problem twice in 1 year.
I love my eReader, but when it causes me these problems, I have absolutely no desire to recommend it to people in my entourage.
if I follow your steps I will lose your connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I deauthorized my permissions and uninstalled adobe.
I'll restart my computer and reinstall Adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello
I can no longer log in to my fut account
It indicates that too many clubs have been created
While I have already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I launch the fut mode with my account, it says that the limit of fut account creation was reached.
While I was able to play with this account this morning
My name is NAME-M
Can you help me please?
Thank you
No problem
It is EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
YES THANKS
I've been unable to log into my PRS-ORG account since this morning
THE SERVER ERRONEOUS MESSAGE LOADS WHEN I TRY TO LOG IN
ON PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
Okay, it's not a big deal, but can you help me solve my problem?
Ok, thanks, if the problem is related to a maintenance issue I'm reassured and I'll wait
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
a file is already open.
PHONENUMBER
I would like for you to return the content that I had my pc hacked
or get compensated on the PRS-ORG????
I've been playing for 10 years, I spent 400€ a year in PRS-ORG points in addition to buying the game
and I was told over the phone that I wouldn't be able to get anything back
A file is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the pirated content this morning or be compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I've been playing for 10 years, I spend 400€ on PRS-ORG points every year and I also buy the game... and they told me on the phone that I couldn't recover anything
How do I do that?
EMAIL
I've already done the things you're going to ask me
give me the code, change the password, etc.
I just want to play futchampions this weekend with my team
and now I can't do anything
I put money into the game every year, I have paid salaries for 10 years and here I don't have a positive response. I come to you only when I need you
I was hacked between 9am and 11.30am today
Can you "erase" that and set everything back like this morning?
at 8 am, I still had my whole club
Please save me the trouble
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more.
For the most complicated, I put you in touch with a human.
What can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry about it.
A human can provide you with information about the status of your account.
I made a transfer of €1,019, but I think that my bank has rejected it. I would like to know if it has been entered into your system again
Okay
Ok thanks, that's great
So I will wait, that's right
Thank you very much
I'll wait.
No thanks
I'll wait until the afternoon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I am having a good day, and I hope the same for you as well ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is in it
otherwise I can repeat it if you want
Excuse me?
Your sentence is incomplete
I was just wondering that in the career mode there are many haircuts, while in the pro club there are not many
Is it normal?
And why?
Otherwise, do you plan to add them later
No it is good, thank you
No worries!
Have a nice day.
I'll get back to you if it doesn't get fixed
goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system to connect to my account
I didn't receive the email containing the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On PRS-ORG, my account is validated automatically, so that's not a problem, but that's for the companion app for PRS-ORG on android
The same thing happens when I try to log in on my browser.
924311
This email passes without problem
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope I won't have any issues later on
NAME-M_TEXT:I see you are experiencing cash flow difficulties due to your transactional ceiling.
Would you like to discuss it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, th...
Yes, not now, I contact you for something else."
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant here to serve you.
Support
Yes.
I'm really stuck with my customers because of payments
I sent my PRS-ORG
yes
the delay please
waiting time
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer and I can't play
it says too many computers
mercui
thank you
ah, really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have any problems
I don't understand...
I have it in my PRS-ORG account
of PRS-ORG normal license
and in addition to a PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licences
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hello I receive emails asking me to provide more information, or provide them please
I have been sending all of them back by email, in other ways
Of course, here is a copy of the message I received
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our Terms of Use (URL), a PRS-ORG profile may only be used for a single business activity.
Please confirm for which activity your profile will be used and provide us with a proof (invoice, facebook link...) for this activity.
If you want to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another business activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Best regards,
Pierre
PRS-ORG enrollment service
I go to the fair and I'm doing well, I'm also based in Plombières. That's the products I'm selling on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
do I send everything by the email I received??
yes, I sent the Kbis plus link to the Facebook page
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I contacted your services yesterday because I can't preload PRS-ORG. I was told that it should have been solved quickly, but it's not. I preordered to play it tomorrow, but if I can't download it, I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
I therefore wish to cancel this preorder and that I can repurchase the game hoping that this time it works
Thank you for favorably answering my request :)
Sure
My email is EMAIL
My ID is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I re-preorder it now?
or I have a little delay?
okay, thank you :)
I am ordering it again right now
Thank you very much for your skills :D
Perfect, thank you, it is downloading well!
everything is working great!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
I have latency during gameplay while I am supposed to qualify for the FGS
it's unplayable
like always
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
Everything is fine
And yes, players are heavy, when I make a pass, it arrives 5 seconds later, it's really not possible
sir, it's no use
I'm connected
I have a perfect connection
It was working perfectly 5 days ago.
and I can't do anything
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My device isn't working
It says "transaction declined"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have the required documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 important events.
Very well, I will send the documents quickly.
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a month ago.
some time ago and I noticed a payment
I bought a forbidden tale, the Little Thing
I would like to be reimbursed for the error incurred.
11.49
Yes.
A payment above 9.99 € has been made on my credit card
But I am unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed?
Will I be refunded for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated cases, I put you in touch with a human being.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can't open it anymore
And that's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it says that the shop is closed
Thanks, I managed to do it
Have a good day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to modify
My account settings?
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I'm French and I created a Belgian sum up
I did not receive the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I must delete once the Belgian account is active
can you please do what is necessary?
06 68 11 75 30 is my personal phone number
with which I want to receive the code
Hello, I am contacting you to express my displeasure.
I have been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, and I have always loved this game.
The PRS-ORG mode is the mode that keeps me excited since PRS-ORG 12.
I have to admit that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time passes.
The PRS-ORG champions mode is the one that makes me want to continue, but now it is very difficult to access... rank 3 had a match against rank 2 last week, and there is no way to qualify this week.
I hope there will be an update soon to change the qualification system for PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I will stop playing the game
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Assistance.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, it's not very fun with my PRS-ORG  champions qualification at risk, and it's impossible for me to make another 1500 points plus the 9 qualification matches before this weekend
What do you mean?
Are you going to change the qualifying system?
Thank you, I really hope things will change.
I like the Ultimate Team mode, and I like playing in PRS-ORG champions.
But it seems that to get there and get good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very big team.
Hoping that this will change soon, see you soon, otherwise, goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I'm not the only one to make this change quickly.
No, thank you very much.
Have a good day, stay strong, and I hope for a very quick update
Phone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
."
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid any confusion, please make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for the Air terminal) can be installed on multiple smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant's skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I am asked to complete my profile with a telephone number, but I cannot change the telo number
then it's a number from dom tom
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes, no problem
yes, but the code isn't coming
I'm asked for the verification code
But this one has been sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I'm not allowed to change the number
For the moment, I haven't received any verification code
PHONENUMBER
I'm told that in order to start receiving payments
you need to verify my phone number
I just started your service, and I'm already having problems
Hello, how can I get Alphanumeric to work with my number?
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, NAME-F. I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number on your account, but you can install the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number goes beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I'd like to change my phone number.
the current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Great, thank you very much
no, thank you, have a good day
I would like to speak to an agent
I would like to speak with an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you please reformulate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I assist you today?
Hi, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, Ms. NAME-F. How are you?
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay, thank you
No, it's all good.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I'm a PRS-ORG player. I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points aren't showing up on my Ultimate Team account
The thing is that I recently changed my PRS-ORG account email address and I entered a more recent email address: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is the following:
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points ended up in the wrong account.
CD keys an Internet site.
The code was valid because when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store it worked
So, is it possible that the PRS-ORG points are on another account?
Whereas I have only one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code that was validated on the PRS-ORG.
On my account ALPHANUMERICID's store
But when I launch ultimate team, the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL but the email address for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL. I just recently updated it
Are the PRS-ORG points associated with the wrong account?
How can I do that?
Do I have to get back to you with a proof of purchase?
Can't you check which PRS-ORG account has the PRS-ORG points?
talking to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, I'm trying to link my shop to my domain name.
The lights are green but the status is still "disconnected"
You did not understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes.
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I'm still not connected.
Does it take some time?
yes?
Okay, got it.
Thank you.
In that case, I'll wait
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I cannot log in to PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email, it doesn't work, so I created the account, but I can't log into the game
I'll call NAME-F sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed the PSN address, it can be found, it's my old email
But entering my old email doesn't work either to log in to PRS-ORG
The email address linked to PSN is the same as the one I mentioned, EMAIL
it doesn't work
so basically you are preventing us from playing
I don't think it's just me, you would need to do something to change the PRS-ORG account on the game
having games and not using them is great
I'm not going to create a new PSN account just for this game, it's not necessary.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points...even though I have made a lot of purchases
How can I have points... and what are they used for?
I bought a lot of games and kits for PRS-ORG..
and yet, over time, I never received any points.
I never received any points...and I never bought any...
what are they for?
I thought that I could accumulate points when purchasing on your site.
PRS-ORG points
Thank you and happy holidays to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How can I change my email address?
”.
Talk to an agent
via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be put in touch with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I want to talk to an advisor by phone and I can't do it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I do.
I am tired of calling you every day to verify my account.
I'm closing it, I withdraw my application and I'll open an account elsewhere
Yes.
I want to close the account
you speak to the future, I want to close the account now, not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also had a high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A rural area
delivery
I signed off and signed back on, but it's still not opening
Can't read it
Book bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page.
I am forced to start PRS-ORG to get access to my homepage
Yes, this is the one.
It is good.
Thank you
Great!
Good day.
on which date was my professional account opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with any questions you might have about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
for my tax return, I would like to know the opening date of my business account?
where can I find the exact date?
no, I opened the pro account after
where can I find this information?
Yes.
it's for my tax declaration, these are the details they're asking for!
Thank you
Hello Mr
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
my password no longer works
this is the 2nd one in two weeks
and I can't request a password reset because I never receive your email...
and that I am forced to contact you via chat or telephone to solve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once more please?
124876
you can say I'm a regular now, hahaha
I was able to change my password successfully
and I can log in on PRS-ORG
Thank you
Thanks again, see you next time (I hope your servers will still be able to memorize my mdp).
have a good day!
I can't authenticate my laptop
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, NAME-M, I don't understand.
Could you please reformulate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I would like to help you with your verification documents, but that goes beyond the scope of my duties as a virtual assistant.
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
yes
I can't enable the strong authentication of my current phone
I get the text message
But the app does not take the manipulation into account
no error
When I go to the "strong authentication" menu
I can't validate my phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please?
Thank you also.
Can I explain what I'm looking for?
Well, there's an investigation going on right now on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked yesterday
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I essentially play PRS-ORG, so having to wait for several days is quite annoying
Great, perfect, can you give me a deadline at all?
Because the thing is, I have nothing left in my club.
Very well, thank you very much
No, not at all, thank you
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address.
I made a mistake on the content
no, the home address
I made a mistake.
I'm living there for free with my boyfriend.
how can I do that?
or I have cell phone bills
or insurance
yes I am looking
Do not send the PRS-ORG card
as long as I have not changed the address, please
sure
I will send the documents soon.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How do I change my email address?
”
In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
hello, I want to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
As changing a phone number is beyond my skills as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER, I no longer have access to this number
PHONENUMBER
yes, and the timeframe for the recording?
because I can't make the payment on my account
thank you very much
No, thanks to you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Your game starts to make me inflate!
The same problem as the last futchamp
This time in my draft
Too many people ragequit so that counts as a loss even though it's the guy who left.
and so I don't have my reward for 4 victories in Draft.
And I lose my 15000 credits
Already, you did nothing for my last Futchamp, during which I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
Are you going to tell me that you are going to pass on the information, but you are not going to do anything?
So?
No, it's him who left the game
I am on a PC, not a console, and I have a 600M fiber
and I didn't have a micro-cut, because I was on PRS-ORG at the same time, and it didn't drop
It's him who's leaving
It's just that when too many people leave a game against a player, the game considers that it was the player who left
This is a big mess
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M.
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or on the web.
On the other hand, the access works directly on the game
NAME-M
Could you please help me, sir?
I'm fine, thanks, how about you?
On PRS-ORG it's ALPHANUMERICID-.
I made the mistake of trying to buy in-game credits with my first account.
So I created a new PRS-ORG account, so that I can enjoy the game to the fullest, without breaking the rules this time.
Except that access was not set on this new account
I play with the Lyon team in the fut mode.
I really like Paqueta, he's very complete with an 81 rating.
I'm working on it to have it as POTM at the moment
And your favorite player?
Very good player, indeed. Mbappe, you have good taste.
He's having a very good start to the season, with the PRS-ORG.
Thanks, I appreciate your help.
Have you found an explanation for my transfer market
I have been playing for several days now and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
Okay, I'm going to keep having fun then.
The main thing is to have access to it on the console.
But the app is very convenient to manage remotely.
Thank you very much NAME-M in any case.
I wish you a very nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello,
Pierre
Quite simply I think
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in gold edition
And today I got a message saying "Unfortunately, it looks like there was a billing issue with your preorder"
So I go to the PRS-ORG website
And the order is tagged as "pending".
I see that no amount was ever charged to PayPal
So I changed my payment method
I now wish to unlock my game
EMAIL
I see it, but it's marked "Pre-order failure"
PRS-ORG
It doesn't change the problem
I just did the operation
And I still get "Pre-order failed".
Can't you do something to re-process the order?
Because I entered my payment method and I still don't see the problem being unblocked
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG telling me I can play
I restarted PRS-ORG
I think this is sufficient after the cache is deleted
And if I restart it, I will lose our conversation
Through the chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I already sent messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd device, but it redirects me to the same account.
How do I do it?
Best regards,
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look over your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader at 19 €
Yes, by e-mail if you will.
I haven't received the box yet, but everything should be fine this Wednesday.
So when I receive it, I can set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning saying that my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL.
Thank you
This morning's email was in French, but usually I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change that to receive all communications in French?
Thank you
No, it's not.
I used to receive emails in French, but not the recent ones.
I have sent several messages to this effect to no avail.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Good evening, I'm getting back to you because I think I've identified the problem
I am experiencing lag only on PRS-ORG, and I wanted to see at the account level on the server if there is a problem or not
because I am getting signs that I am experiencing packet losses, although I looked at it on teamspeak and I have not had any losses for the past 50 min
as you can see on this image
URL
Good evening, I'm having a lot of bugs so I'm here because I have no other solution.
:(
URL, here's one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no signs of packet loss at the top but I'm having lags
Is this an issue with me or the game?
Because I am going crazy
You'll fix it with a patch, I suppose?
But how soon?
Because I can't play in these conditions at all, and I can't play at all on professional teams either
Thank you, I hope it will be alright. :)
Good evening and thank you.
Good luck with this week
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry about that.
Your device seems defective to me.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
CANNOT RESET ALPHANUMERICID FAILED TO LOAD
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUROS TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S I WILL PROVIDE MY NAME AND IBAN, I ACCEPT
AND THE TRANSACTION FAILURE
MORE EXACTLY FAILURE TO LOAD
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE MATCH
LOADING FAILED
I have low fiber speed in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F. Can I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
I am in trouble. I want to divide my account into two.
I am the more hardline one
and more access to my other mailbox
the problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or one of them got changed to vinsvodoo (the opposite)
Or EMAIL
it is either EMAIL
with PRS-ORG I never had a problem; it is always PRS-ORG that crashes
that is
I can't access this email account because it is registered on Facebook, but it is older than 15 years.
I talked to one of your colleagues once, it worked and then it didn't work anymore
my real address is EMAIL
it annoys me, I knew I should not come back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG I got everything back in 1h
so you'll lose some money because I won't buy from you anymore
Hello,
I have a big problem when reading books I download from a library, a problem I've come across quite recently.
The book downloads from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG eReader.
I connect the reader to the PC to retrieve the book, the content is imported.
I eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer and briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the reader.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book, a message appears, saying that my e-Reader is not allowed to open this book, because I need to allow it again with my PRS-ORG ID and re-import it.
In the settings, I have my PRS-ORG with my email address and therefore I have this permission.
What do I have to do?
EMAIL
I did not buy a book, but I download them from the library.
The most recent one is N.E.O., and it's today.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
It seems so.
Anyway, I'm connected with wi-fi and the automatic synchronization is activated.
I don't know when the last sync occurred.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the permission?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the permission and reinstalled it.
I will try again.
I have ADE 4.5.11 for now. I don't understand why!
I've been using it for almost 1 year.
What are the factory settings?
Hello, I haven't received the payment from February 3rd.
I did not receive a payment
I didn't receive my 3 payments on February 3
Hello, my name is NAME-M, I am the PRS-ORG virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and much more!
For the more complicated ones, I'll put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
You chose to pay using the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, and this also applies at the weekend.
Caution: If the transaction you're waiting for was done before the card payments were set up, then the funds will be deposited in the registered bank account and not on the PRS-ORG Card.
The changes in the method and frequency of payments do not affect past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I missed a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in that case, a human intervention seems necessary.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
hello thank you
Okay, thank you very much
Ok, thank you very much
No, thank you very much
Thank you too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
hello, as you know, the game Star Wars Battlefront 2 has become unplayable
people die1hp because of a bug or a hack godmode
you've been aware of this for a few days now
the game becomes unplayable
Hello?
EMAIL
the problems come from you!
From the servers
Thousands of players are complaining and you feign ignorance?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no issues?!!
the developers have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is well aware of server hacking
thank you for the support and customer service
disgusting
no respect for the players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant from PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes.
My terminal is frozen
I'm looking for how to send payment request links to customers
I don't have this function in my app
It is no longer covered by the warranty
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I am looking for how to send payment links to my customers
But I don't have payment link in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
That would be great, it would really help me.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I have a problem with linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account.
Thank you.
Do you mean the email for my PRS-ORG account?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account, I get the following message:
An error has occurred.
An error has prevented us from finalizing your request.
Please try again later.
For the PRS-ORG rewards.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the last ID card received is good.
and also how do I set up my bank account?
which one is the registered one?
yes, and I received a new ID but received no response
I don't have an IBAN that ends with 0507
yes
I can't change it directly on the app.
And I just sent the identity card... it's rather urgent though...
ok... well, I'm sending you my RIB...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F. May I ask for your first name, please?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well, thank you
I would like your help, because I've never been lucky with the PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing since I was 10 and I've never managed to become a high level player.
My friend got the Hakimi One to Watch in his pre-order pack, but I got NAME-N… Just the other day it was NAME-M.
Even though I've spent money on the game, bought the pre-order to get 4600 PRS-ORG points, and I've never been lucky.
I don't know what to do. Please help me
I can hear that, but how come my friend has all these players?
By the way, my friend even had a player in a preview pack...
Well, no matter, you can't do anything
Thank you anyway
So I will definitely stop playing this game
Have a good holiday
Through chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our representatives?
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I received an invoice via SMS and I would like to receive it by email so that I can get reimbursed
Transaction ID ALPHANUMERICID, 146,95€
EMAIL
I do not want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice in my mail.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days, I've been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase I entered all the information, I clicked on continue and save, the visa verification light is constantly on and I get no response.
I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, but the problem persists.
What is the problem?
Thank you for answering me
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I would like to buy the T2
Yes, but usually it doesn't get stuck to the payment!
Why is it happening now?
What should I do then?
Okay.
Thank you, I'll do it right away
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my account that has already blocked
I want my money in my account, my account is already closed
Ok.
Ok, but I already sent a new bank account where the money will be transferred.
yes I am there
Yes, I am here.
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
This is BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I made a mistake with the account, I linked it to PRS-ORG.
EMAIL
Yes.
it is linked to no account, I would like it to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I don't want that, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes I can't link my account
yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, I would like to disconnect it
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
thanks
hello
My terminal is blocked what can I do
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for you, NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, it means unfortunately that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered and this blocking is irreversible.
As I am not authorized to handle these requests, I will put you in contact with an agent who will be able to perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
could I have a phone number to call please
thanks, that would be easier for me.
Hello, my device is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How can I change my email address?"
".
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is defective.
Its security system has activated and this blocking is irreversible.
As I am not able to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry, I have customers
I received an error code bk PHONENUMBER
and then I plugged it in and pressed the start button
I did hold to boot then release to boot
it turned off
I made an invalid bk
sorry, I'll get back to you when I have more time, I have a client appointment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
I have been kicked out and counted as a loss in several team clash matches, although I was winning 3- or 4-0.
I am losing ranks and therefore progress for my team.
I said again, I have disconnections during clash team matches.
I'm disconnected and lose the match even though I'm winning it
it wasn't online
so nothing to do
I'm in clash of teams so it's your game that's crashing for me...
disgust
I'm fed up with this, I play the game and I'm getting scammed... I really have the impression that you don't care about players like me
not to mention the times when I end up with 8 or 9 people at the beginning of the match due to a bug...
Hello
I bought yesterday the ebook "Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
I bought the e-book "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I am disappointed with this purchase on your platform, which usually offers well-prepared books!
Therefore, I would like a refund of the 15.99€ corresponding
Thank you very much
Best regards
EMAIL
Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
"Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No thanks, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I am not receiving the email sent by PRS-ORG!
what should I do?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
les fiancées du pacifique
I'm going to try PRS-ORG
I'm signed in on my computer, but on my reader...
how do I reset it with my reader?
I don't receive any email
ok
I just tested it, and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my eReader doesn't recognize my account
There was an update last night and since then I don't have access anymore
it says: connection failed
it seems that URL or the internet connection is not available for the moment
but I am on the wifi with my computer to which I connected my reader
I restarted it and it's loading...
Yes!!!
It works, it just needed a little more time!
phew thanks for your help
Ok, I went into the book I bought yesterday...
have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14 and I haven't received it yet…
February 11th, sorry
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes, on your website.
Here is the purchase order number PHONENUMBER
The tracking number indicates that since February 14 the package is at the border.
Here's the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I did order via this profile... I received an invoice on my email address EMAIL
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But normally I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission at 1.49%
It is this one
The one on which I'm writing to you now
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It would be easier via telephone.
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
It's the order number on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
It was a pleasure sharing it!
Everything is going well, thank you, but I am having a technical issue with the PRS-ORG game on my PC
Indeed, I have not been able to access the transfer market to buy a player for over an hour
how come?
Thank you in advance and I look forward to hearing from you.
It seems to me that this is a security block implemented by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I'm not one of them.
This is the one.
when I access the transfer market in PRS-ORG
when I try to search for the player I want
it tells me
"a communication problem has occurred with PRS-ORG servers, please try again later."
everything else in the game works fine, except the transfer market, when it displays this message and kicks me out of the transfer market
great, thank you
thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor
Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
How can I help you today?
I'm sorry, NAME-M, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
I want to speak to an advisor.
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I can't access the transfer
Yes, which ones?
The code was sent to my old number
Which I no longer have
Do you understand?
Hello
You are the pro
Yes, I checked it right away
Yes, but it's not the old number
To what email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
I hope you are too!
While trying to launch NAME-M's 24h mission, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it was gone, along with all its accessories.
It's no longer in my city or in the inventory...
No, it is on the iPad
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start NAME-M's 24h mission, which requires the PRS-ORG palace, and that's when I realized that this palace is no longer in my city or in my inventory
This Boitingham castle unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M, but I don't have the castle or its accessories anymore
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be put in contact with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello.
I can't verify my identity, could you call me back
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
Can you send me your email address so that I can send you the ID?
contact me by email
your message is not shown
leave me a message by email it will be simpler for me, thank you
EMAIL
