Well, that is how it goes.
I experienced an annoying event yesterday.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I logged in I only had 776
OK.
Yes, I registered yesterday via PRS-ORG App.
Was then thrown out and upon renewed registration the coins were gone
So I myself didn't buy anything.
As I said, I was online via the PRS-ORG app to complete SBC.
There, I was then logged out and when I registered again, the coins were gone.
Could it be that they were bought differently?
Since I was at work where it all happened
So it must have happened on my PRS-ORG.
As I said, I was at work at the time and just felt angry because I have no idea where my coins are now.
Is there a way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
It's a pity that PRS-ORG is powerless when it comes to these kind of problems.
But each player should spend as much money as possible on in-game purchases.
This really still needs improvement.
They care more about customers than profits.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi here is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
When you're too good (Season 1 Elite €
you cannot reach the goals like in the picture
That's why experience is lacking in the season progress
Please consider the goals as automatically completed if a “better” goal aka div 2 has been fulfilled.
No, it's about seasonal experience.
But I also take rewards again, so that is not it 😂
i.e. the goals are unlocked?
Or will we get compensation because they are unreachable?
Since they apparently cannot help me with the current problem, no.
Nevertheless, nice evening for you.
Good morning, we would like the device to go through the EC cards.
This is simply not possible with our device.
What are we to do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
Just a moment, I am now reviewing your conversation with NAME-M.
We are currently managing the clinic, that's why I'm not always on the phone.
I'll pass that on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and she's on duty right now.
It will sort out the problem from the main account later.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi NAME-M!
I can still not buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, that is only possible via the PRS-ORG.
Please release this feature for me as soon as possible. I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and in PRS-ORG I have done a lot of games, and I have also already bought PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app, the game is only half as fun. I pay a lot for the game, so I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great, I don't have to buy another PRS-ORG without the feature.
Thank you for your help!
I have already played all the modes and already made a lot of games in PRS-ORG.
Can't this be speeded up?
That's a real shame, because that way the fun of the game is lost.
Anyone can buy and sell players through the app, but not themselves.
This is really not nice what PRS-ORG is doing.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and how you are treated afterwards, it is not nice.
Alright, too bad, then I'll try a little more, let's hope it works quickly.
Otherwise I don't need to play the game anymore.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher opens a black window and closes again.
No
I'm not even getting into the game.
I think it's because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked
but I can't undo it
Yes
No
not earlier
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG, but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Sorry, I had to attend to another topic.
Now I'm back again.
Is it possible to provide product data, for example, via csv import for a multitude of products/services?
Yes.
The connection still exists.
Please be patient with my answers, as I too wait for a response.
I would like to create a multitude of articles with descriptions, etc. at once by means of csv import.
Is this function available?
I would like to add a multitude of articles with descriptions etc. using csv import at once.
Is this feature available?
The focus here is on "variety".
It deals with migrating from another system
Thanks for forwarding
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I allegedly violated the rules.
I wish that you could turn it off and that I could at least restart it.
Otherwise, I wouldn't know what to do with the game.
I can't play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I want to at least start over and get a chance.
The other accounts could remain suspended.
EMAIL
I would like the possibility of making a new account and starting over because I wouldn't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I didn't receive an email from your team.
NAME-N I would like.
Otherwise, I would wait 45 days.
If, on the other hand, there is nothing one can do.
The paper reel is not recognized.
NAME-M_TEXT:Just a moment, I will transfer you to one of our support agents.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I didn't understand that.
Could you rephrase your question, NAME-M?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'll look
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
No receipt was printed.
Yes.
Error message - Printer has no more paper.
Create a new role and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
It's brand new and today the printing is not working because it doesn't recognize the paper.
It is the original roll that came with the device and it is not recognized.
Also the items in the packaging are not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I hope for them as well.
Um, I have the following problem.
I made a DSVGO request yesterday and now I haven't gotten an answer.
How long does something like this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, so I would like to have a DSGVO information because I want to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Well, then I will have to be patient.
I simply hope that this will be resolved.
I put a lot of money into the game and also put in a lot of effort to earn and buy players.
Ok, I'll wait for an answer.
Ok, thanks for the help, thank them too
Accidentally booted PRS-ORG out
Yes, thanks, I hope you too.
My problem is as follows:
Yes, thank you, I hope you are also doing well.
I accidentally repelled a player when I completed the PRS-ORG.
Can I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG on 12/20 as a gift.
I have already spoken to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG who have referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG has not arrived on the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was activated via the account, but unfortunately the PRS-ORG were not credited to the account to this day.
Can you see that?
You’ve redeemed the code and don’t have an PRS-ORG game?
I have done a PRS-ORG.
And when I tried to get her into the team, my controller fell down and I pushed it away.
I received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for PRS-ORG.
I clicked on the activation link, even though I do not have a PRS-ORG or an account
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
hi we have taken over PRS-ORG store (pizza)
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we reconfigure it now.
The problem is the data from the predecessor, I have none
and I must change it as fast as possible because of the ec card payments and
do not have a telephone hotline
unfortunately not from the predecessor
We would need to register completely new, so to speak.
Or what idea do they have?
Ok and how or where do I do that?
And what would it look like if the pizza driver, for example, had to take the device with them?
Ok, thank you, I will try it, and if I have any questions, I will contact you again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Likewise!
I spent €20 twice on PRS-ORG on October 31, but I never received a transfer.
No, I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I bought them but did not receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account
Via the PSN Store on the PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, I have not been able to complete my purchase for a few days.
How can the error be corrected.
EMAIL
That would have been on 3rd January.
so I have to enter the credit card number again?
Unfortunately, it did not work
No, my patience is gone for today.
I still have other things to do.
Maybe I'll take another system.
Schade was actually always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
Below a 12.
I have already checked to see if there was a block, but my history does not show any.
Correct.
The game will not start, although it did so without problems so far.
System is a PRS-ORG S.
EMAIL
And it didn't work with my two sons either.
They have different email addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I'll try that and get back to you.
I bought PRS-ORG in order to use the advertised crossplay in F1 22.
However, it is not possible to play together with PRS-ORG users.
That is why I am requesting a refund and cancellation of the subscription on NAME-M.
If this is fixed, I will gladly become a customer again.
EMAIL
I am exchanging information with other drivers of the ALPHANUMERICID about what you have done again, instead of enjoying the new part with everybody.
Otherwise, I'm fine and I thank you for the question.
How was your day?
Do they annoy a lot?
Isn't it terrible for PRS-ORG to have problems constantly helping people?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always a great thing.
Green stands for the color of hope, doesn't it?
What is going to happen here?
I didn't want anything else.
I wish all the best to you and your mother, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I just had a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case to you and you sent me a code (to verify me) by email so that you can pass the problem on.
When I was back on the page from PRS-ORG, the chat was gone.
Here is the code, just in case you can make use of it.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG, I thought.
Yes I know, it is about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I contact you.
His email is: EMAIL
Yes, I know. It's about my brother who is eleven years old. That's why I'm contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Could you help me with this?
But my email doesn't show a 6-digit code.
What do I need to do now?
ebook
I have loaded a title from PRS-ORG via the Onleihe to my PRS-ORG - unfortunately, the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for this
I have executed the authorization as normal beforehand
A title is "An Immoral Special Offer".
Yes, exactly, I use
me
I will try it once again and otherwise I will report this case again separately
Thank you!
Unfortunately, it did not work out again, to whom can I turn?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp
Will you help me?
If you use the PRS-ORG trial access, you cannot use the web app.
I receive this message when I start the webapp.
Why is that?
my PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG e-mail?
All clear, thank you.
Thank you, that's very kind
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I am quite annoyed right now.
Just chatted with one of their colleagues and followed his advice, but now I can't even log into my PC.
PRS-ORG has released an update.
My regular password is no longer working
It was, yes.
But now PRS-ORG no longer starts and I no longer have access to the PC because it now apparently wants a PRS-ORG password which I don't have!,,,,
I had a number or
Numeric code
Now I can't even enter my payment details
From a simple problem, it has become a giant problem!!!
Damn it.
But I don't have a NAME-M
I lost it along with my note for passwords
Alex, that can't be true!!!!
It was all just because of the great tips from their colleague!!!
Thank you very much as well.
What nonsense is that he is telling me?
That could take forever again.
Yes.
Forward me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is, how may I help you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it needs to be exchanged
Now I am on the go and do not have the device with me.
I will have to get back to you.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I will get back to you once I can read off the serial number.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My e-mail address has changed and I would like to ask you to update it, so I can change the login data and a copy of the invoices can also be sent to me.
It is now called EMAIL
Exactly.
It was previously EMAIL and now the above.
And my website is now URL, but I could change that for the invoices etc. myself.
My concern is that I change my login data and receive a copy of the invoice again.
Yes, I am. It took a while to write:-)
I sent an e-mail a few days ago, but haven't yet received a response.
But I'll write one again, thank you very much :-)
Thank you.
No thank you :-) Have a nice day!
Best regards,
Dear Sir or Madam,
I bought several PRS-ORG on 01.01.2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I ask for review and reimbursement.
Best Regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01/01/2021, one of them is "Bloody Fetters"
But I received all books, because I was asked to try again after my first order.
But I'm happy to wait for your feedback.
Thank you for your efforts.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hello, I would like not to return a sum up already ordered.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: with the PRS-ORG I can enter the amount at the terminal and don't need an app that I have to use, right?
Second question: How does this work with the return?
Exactly, the air I want to send back.
Then I order the PRS-ORG.
Sure, it will be 10 more minutes until I'm back at the device.
Is it not lost the NAME-M?
Not that I have to start over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-F
I am doing well.
I would like to play PRS-ORG very much.
Unfortunately, my PC doesn’t have a CD drive.
Is PRS-ORG available anywhere for download or will PRS-ORG be available for download again one day?
Does this mean that it can never be downloaded again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on another PC?
Can I then save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no chance at all?
Okay, I'll look into it then… maybe there'll be a way.
Nevertheless, thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I would like to have the points promised in the version?
But why don't I get it from 27th?
Ok.
Thank you very much.
I wait.
I'm annoyed because I can't start to play PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and I don't want wars of my own.
I just want them to come as fast as possible.
Otherwise, the prior access will not help me.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I just wanted to ask what the problem is... I have been playing PRS-ORG since release and Early Access and the marketplace (Web App/Companion App) is still not unlocked... something can't be right... I really need it... Yours sincerely,
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day
Yes, exactly.
Yes, but I've been playing for 3 weeks.
How can it be that it is still not unlocked...
I play actively every day.
because something is not right
What if I am not activated in 1 month?
Can you help?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or do both have to be actively played, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you...
have a nice day, and hopefully this will finally go through soon.... it is a really stupid system that you have with the "play through"
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thanks, it works, except that you can help me, I wanted to recharge 12k points via the web app ALPHANUMERICID this morning, unfortunately I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the battle.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because these are ALPHANUMERICID 😢
Would be really super nice and kind if you could do that.
I've been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... If you're interested in my age, I'm 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved my day and I am eternally grateful.
I will in future check 3 times what I have clicked.
Have the points already been transferred?
Ok, just a moment please
Great, thank you very much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi NAME-M, we are having problems with our PRS-ORG device.
we are unable to establish a mobile network connection.
We have restarted, taken out the sim card and put it back in, tried different locations, but it doesn't work.
However, it is possible for the WLAN.
PHONENUMBER
is shut down...
starts up again
I logged in, now he's looking again.
connected to the wlan
It works
also with the mobile network
Could you tell me why it works now?
So we can avoid the mistake.
We had this problem since yesterday and suddenly it's working again???
Many thanks for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Thank you, it pleases me as well.
Yes on PRS-ORG
That is not the problem.
I can log into the servers without any problem.
If, however, the audwhl of the game statuses comes and I press OK, my game is, I suspect, zoomed in too close.
I can't see anything.
NAME-M then I am curious, thank you very much for your help
No, otherwise it works, but it just confused me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I shouldn't have done so.
But honestly, who looks at small print when you're moving house.
I bought the game especially more expensive.
And of course I want to be able to take advantage of my benefit.
So in any case a new pack will be coming.
Do I need to worry?
Very nice.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I changed the club name in the goals.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
To be more precise, it is about the abbreviated form, which is shown at the top in the game.
E-Mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or the PRS-ORG account is also RufusNasedo.
I think I have confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to change it via the support?
Typical for the company in terms of customer service, but thanks anyway.
There is nothing more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I've just been chatting with one of your colleagues.
my game doesn't start anymore after the update
NAME-M I am^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email that is the code
which one?^^
EMAIL
Well, after the update today the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG open and will start and does not go
reinstalled the graphics driver to the latest version
Fix play
Nothing else.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, in the PRS-ORG Desktop App, I was shown that I get 4600 PRS-ORG with the heading "More PRS-ORG", if I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and did not receive points.
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you!
Did you write a follow-up message?
I think I have got one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When will I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just completed the PRS-ORG subscription.
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version.
but I was shown that I get PRS-ORG 4600
Can I cancel PRS-ORG so that I can get my money back?
all clear, I'll try it, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello!
I unexpectedly got the message that the login is not possible when logging into PRS-ORG.
Now I can no longer log in to my account and the email for password recovery is still not sent.
*will
That would be EMAIL
118850
If the code
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will Alphanumeric be issued?
Withdrawal 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I did not receive the money.
Only the final amount of 43 francs was paid out
43.83
So the money I don't have, they don't have to check it, it's not me
Yes I have that
But I didn't get the amount of 2579.91.
Hello,
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately I can not buy books from them because I only have an EC card from PRS-ORG.
Can I also give them a direct debit authorisation?
EMAIL
I have not been able to shop so far, because I have not been able to pay.
And none of these payment options are for me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay with the Sparkasse EC card or to give you a direct debit mandate.
Even sending money to them would be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send the purchased PRS-ORG back again.
Only those who agree to one of my stated payment options.
I would also like to thank them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Max
Good Morning!
I bought PRS-ORG and don't have access to the PRS-ORG web app
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I just played PRS-ORG and continued older parts.
PRS-ORG no
Do I need to first make a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
The web app has, however, been running for 2 days, so I see a disadvantage there, only until 27.09.
Get access to PRS-ORG
Where are you from?
Their grammar is not 100%, but since I am already older, I can often derive the meaning.
Thank you for the help.
They also
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
we want to enable enable PRS-ORG
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:And please only ask one question at a time, so that I don’t get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example: “How do I change my e-mail address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hold on a moment, I will connect you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry, I did not understand that.
Could you rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll check.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, thank you for the information.
otherwise everything works perfectly
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
This morning, when I was using my app, I saw that my transfer market was no longer working. Can you give me information on this?
It says I received an email but I didn't, so here I am contacting support.
Yes.
I've bought and sold players all night just to earn coins so I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
As you see, I also regularly buy things in the PRS-ORG store, and of course, I'm not a bot or anything.
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market.
All clear, thank you for your time:)
I hope for good news.
To be able to start the game again with joy. 😊
I wish you a beautiful weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68%, the message comes up that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There I only have the options to Try Again and to Cancel.
Just a moment, I have to start the installation again.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred while trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
Not at all.
I try to solve the feed problem.
If there is still a problem I will contact you again.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right.
And the ball then goes to the only free-standing opponent in a circle of several metres, and then what exactly is that called?
> Otherwise I would not have specified it as a game PRS-ORG
Please, in understandable German this time.
Your sentence just then was a pretty bad accident
What exactly were you trying to tell me?
Yes, the situation I described to you.
Do you actually think about every answer for at least 5 min, what you write
“The situation you mentioned to me is a technical bug!”
Yes, I believe so
However, we had exactly the same bug last year.
I also reported that to you.
Among other things in your PRS-ORG
And then I was made to understand from your PRS-ORG_rephii that all of this could be true.
And that it may be done by you
One of you two then apparently did not have it with the truth.
How can I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example: “How can I change my e-mail address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:Besides, please only ask me one question at a time so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Do you need to return a device, or is the question about the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Send device back,Status of the return}
NAME-M_TEXT: All right.
I will now transfer you to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hi, my name is NAME-N.
Just a moment, I'm looking up
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to test it out at a stand, but would like to return it.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 11/28.
Unfortunately it is at home.
Then I have to look again when I'm at home.
Thanks, I will do it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
All good, how are you?
:) Unfortunately, the quest to unlock “Fleet-A-Pita” doesn’t start in my Simpsons game. The quest should be called “Investors”.
Exactly :)
Oh, no.
I don't have a NAME-M yet.
Then it must be due to this.
Thank you for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I am missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but have not received them yet.
I'll be glad to.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID reads: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly should I do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, I currently have some problems playing the PRS-ORG Legends.
I've been waiting for approx.
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, lie down.
I'm not fat.
And I can't get out of the game at the end of the round and have to restart the application.
What could be the cause of that?
The internet connection works without any problems.
I looked at all the links and we have already tried everything.
Changed the DNS server, for example, and tried to access it at low-load times.
In other games it works without a problem, and individual rounds work without a problem as well.
Could it be on the servers?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router using a cable.
ALPHANUMERICID Cable with GBit capable router.
It is 5 m long and was laid freshly 3 days ago so as to be able to rule out a fault.
Ok, I will report the bug.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Hi, my name is NAME-N.
Just a moment please, I'm looking it up.
I'll listen to your conversation with NAME-M now.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with her colleague
I have a request
I have tested PRS-ORG invoices and have gone too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like to delete the test invoice so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice for me?
there is a special test invoice.
I have to get rid of them.
no booking is made as a result.
this was a test in which I have gone too far
There is no payment.
I just entered it as a test.
but then it's like I paid
That's wrong.
I can't just set my "expense area" to 0
But nothing has been done yet
Then please close my account and I will set it up again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I would like to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to sign up with another device, the given password wouldn't work.
I tried to reset it, but this is not possible either.
Can you please help me?
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you so much.
Unfortunately, nothing came in again.
893361
So, another email with the password I'm supposed to use comes along, right?
Which code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thank you so much!
I registered a PRS-ORG account many years ago with an email address, which is now only used as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I accidentally opened a second account with a different email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to merge these two accounts, because otherwise I have to change them all the time
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like to have everything run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
On which email address did you send the code?
To which email address did you send the code?
I didn't get anything.
I'll try to look in the spam
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from now on to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Besides, please only ask me one question at a time, so that I don’t get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your question briefly and unambiguously, for example “How can I change my e-mail address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will transfer you.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'm looking it up
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I received the confirmation email
Thank you, everything is done for today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was locked out of the transfer market.
Alleged coin dispensing.
But it cannot be.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and already invested 400€.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there?
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Ok.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am not aware of any guilt!
So, I was still in the game last night, and everything was still fine.
I also did some parking transfers.
This morning, I wanted to check the transfer on the app and then the message came through with the ban and the information about the coin.
I can't understand and imagine it!
Therefore I hope very much for your help.
I changed my password today in the morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
There, I was proven to have been hacked and banned from the marketplace!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to play Battlefield again for years and have now switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
At the start of the game, I received the message that I had to renew my password.
That's what I did but I still can't get into the game.
I always get the same message, change password.
I can sign up with PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via PS Icon, comes back Please reset password?
Exactly.
Then the message is always displayed: Change password or an error with PRS-ORG.
Despite password resetters
Thank you.
My e-mail is EMAIL, for the PS I have the same e-mail
OK.
I'll look into it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition of the PRS-ORG22
I received the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the dead item.
The OTW item is missing, however, and has not appeared in my account, despite logging in and out
Can you help me with it?
My first name is NAME-M, I apologize, I read it wrong
The email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I am reassured!
Thanks :)
That's all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
And you?
I have the problem that I can't download the german comment language on PRS-ORG.
I keep getting the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
I am glad to hear that.
Very much so.
:-)
Thank you for the information.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language as German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The content itself is in German.
But I would like to have the comments in German.
Okay, thank you very much.
I will try it.
With pleasure.
Thanks and have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi,
I was told that I can use my token in one hour, it has been 2 hours and it is still not working.
how can that be, my colleague told me I have a token.
i lost a token because of a game bug???
How can it be that I do not get a token afterwards?
I even have a clip
why are they saying something different now than in other cases?
I saved a clip how does the enemy start press and the game leaves
And I get a defeat.
this is not due to my internet, but to the game.
yes because I had no other choice.
But as I can see the colleague in front of you has written everything wrong.
I get 2 different answers from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'll look it up.
I am listening now to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the "pay" touch screen key on my PRS-ORG device no longer works.
And I can't switch the device off because it's the same touch screen button.
I need to look quickly and see what it's called.
PRS-ORG
Exactly
The lower button does not work
for over 3 weeks now
ok
no
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I'm doing well so far :) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
I'm not able to buy PRS-ORG because I get the error message: "There is a problem with the PRS-ORG checkout.
Please try again later."
comes.
Exactly, that's right.
I try to buy points on the PC or in PRS-ORG.
I also tried to do this.
However, that doesn't work either.
There is the report that I have to earn the right to get access to the transfer market.
But a few months ago I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any problem without an error message.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes, I am doing well, and of course I hope they are as well.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I have nothing to do with it. I have a trading list with players who I sell more expensive and those players just go more expensive and today I got a ban.
But if I go to my ban history, there is no mail there.
If there is no course of action and I have not received an e-mail why I have been banned
Because this message really shocked me because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG
Yes exactly I can't use it anymore
All clear, that would be very nice, as I also picked up NAME-M recently and was able to improve my team with him.
And now I am banned, that is very stupid because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very kind.
I have to go back to work now, is it somehow possible that I can reach you again?
I just leave the chat open for the customer
My cartridge machine is broken.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can assist you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please also only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, it seems that an error has occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT:A moment, I will transfer you to one of our support staff who will take care of your concerns.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I am listening now to your conversation with NAME-M.
Chip reader works.
However, when it says put the card in, the card is not read.
Problem has existed with the PRS-ORG device for about a month.
I have several customers who pay by card.
Therefor the problem was with the multiple maps.
Unfortunately not right now.
Since I am not in the store.
happy to
Thank you!
Can I also contact you by phone?
No, thanks.
They helped me a lot.
Wish you a nice working day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
Since today, there's a problem with need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera shifts so that it is impossible to play.
No changes were made.
The day before everything ran without any problems.
I can play this game.
but since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
The camera moves without reason while playing
No, I do not get an error.
During normal game play it suddenly appears.
Ok, sounds great.
Thanks for the help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it not playable.
Have a nice evening.
No thanks.
Thank you so much for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
yes I'm fine
I hope for them too.
I can't get into pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
It always says to me that data is being loaded for each club.
How can I search for something?
check
There are only a few.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello here is NAME-M
Unfortunately, I have not found any way to send tips to the developers.
That is why I am reporting here, because the current situation in the game is unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG is currently the cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
Who can I send it to?
I am looking forward to that very much.
And thank you in advance.
Thank you very much.
And a wonderful day to you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment, please, I'm looking
I will now listen to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
The email address for access to our account is: EMAIL.
This email address will be no longer valid soon, because we have canceled the subscriptions.
Therefore, we must change the e-mail address as an access at PRS-ORG.
Can we do that ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
Payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have done this before and hope that we have done everything correctly.
Can you check this out?
All clear NAME-M.
Thank you for the help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes I had a great day I hope you did too.
I just wanted to start my PRS-ORG, but an error message came up saying that the game can't be started.
Init failure during boot.
When I press to play I get the error message: Can not be started.
Booting initialization error { DEVICEID: DEVICEID: PHONENUMBER: DEVICEID}
I already repaired the game area 2 times
I just found out it was a problem with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disturbance.
Anyway, thank you for the help.
Stay healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
I played draft, individual players and in the 2nd.
When I was playing there was an error message and he was kicked out of the game now I am back in and my draft is over after a game
Ok, and what do I do now? It says claim rewards after the game.
For the second time.
The first time the first draft was there, it apparently happened because of the player NAME-M.
Yes there was
It said something about a system error and it went directly out of PRS-ORG.
I also reported the disturbance directly by clicking on it
Should I redeem the reward and then still get my draft token?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order
I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG yesterday for €17.49 via the PRS-ORG store, but I still haven't received them yet.
What is the reason for this?
Yes, you can do that.
Do you want something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that.
I have also tried to check via the webapp if the points have already arrived, however without success
And where should I send it to?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
But when I sign up, I have to confirm with my old number (ends in 277) and not with my new number.
In my PRS-ORG account, my new number is listed.
And I no longer have access to my old
I would like to log in to PRS-ORG in order to claim various bonuses.
Yes.
As I said, I can't sign up with PRS-ORG; since I should be verified via my old cellphone number, which is no longer in the account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to sign up for PRS-ORG and then confirm with my old mobile phone number at PRS-ORG
The problem is not with PRS-ORG
Somewhere in your settings of my account my old mobile number is available & this is the number I should use to verify me
My email address is EMAIL
I have already entered my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up for PRS-ORG I was able to verify myself with the new number.
Only when signing up on other sites, but not so
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi i'm NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and got a draft token with it.
When I wanted to start the game, the picture hung and nothing happened anymore.
So that I had to restart the game.
After that I noticed that my points and the token were gone.
This is not the first time that this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing about a connection, my connection was also fine.
But that happens every once in a while in the middle of
I'm being disconnected from the servers even though the internet is there
Yes, my email is EMAIL
I'll be okay, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
On Tuesday at 9:00 a.m. I submitted the case regarding my hacked account with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long will the processing take approximately?
It would be extremely important for me to receive my coins back.
I am fine and they?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure at the moment.
I am glad that they have had a good day so far!
Ok, all clear, thanks, I look forward to a prompt processing.
Hello, I am NAME-M.
Thank you, how about you?
My problem is:
Since approx.
despite PS+, I have not been able to start an online game in PRS-ORG for one month.
I've tried this a hundred times before, but every time I start a game I get booted with the message "Connection to opponent lost".
I've already contacted PRS-ORG customer service, but the suggested solutions were not successful.
Now I would like to ask if you have any other ideas on how to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course this is fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
I'm sorry I haven't written in a while.
Thank you for the problem solving steps initiated.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it right away to see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I will try PRS-ORG.
That's it.
Thank you very much, and have a nice weekend!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I've already been to PRS-ORG, and they couldn't help me.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and also got PRS-ORG in addition to it so that I can unlock the game for 10 hours.
I have already logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled PRS-ORG and downloaded it again.
I have been waiting for help for more than 2 hours and have now come to the point where I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
However, I am sure it should work at some point.
Please continue checking it for now
What do they want to tell me with that?
Yeah well, I would like to too.
or they will refund me the 4 euros back and I will wait until the 27th.
I have no more time to waste.
Yeah well if I can't play the game even though I paid extra money for it, that would be very nice of you.
If they can't solve the problem from 2 people in the support.
so please refund me my money if nothing else is going to happen here
Okay, thanks.
That's clear, the email arrived, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
Wasted 3 hours, thank you
I understand everything is fine, that's enough.
No, I don't like it.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I only get such sick opponents with mbappe Zidane and slles
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Damn, give me some normal opponents at my level.
And why do I have such massive momentum in my soiel?
I'm 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still hanging
Digga give me my money back, I also break the CD in the video.
I've been playing PRS-ORG since I started wearing pants, but what's up?
My account was hacked, some of my players were sold, one of them was bought for a lot of money and was then sold for a ridiculous price
The players that were gone from my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M
I immediately changed my passwords afterwards
But I would like to have the players back already.
I have changed it now
I have unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I am fine after a long day at work.
I hope you are doing well too.
I have the following problem: I completed the goal winter wildcards daily registrations today at PRS-ORG.
The last part-goal was completed per SBC today after 7:00 p.m. on the app using a mobile phone.
Then I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ Pack for the current sign up, as well as the reward for the total goal, the Winter Wildcards Player Pack.
It indicated there, however, that the PRS-ORG has been deleted.
I then looked in the shop.
However, I did NOT receive both packs.
What can you now do to check it?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Okay, thank you so much for the information!
Then I will wait a bit longer.
Thank you for your reply and have a nice evening.
No thanks
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example: “How can I change my email address?”
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Alright.
I will now forward you to one of our support agents who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'll check.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to send back my 3G device.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much
No, that was it :) thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M and just came out of a chat
PHONENUMBER
Hello,
Okay, thank you.
Can you check what the number was about?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Many thanks to you and your colleague!
Thank you and a good evening to you both!
No, thank you!
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I inquired last Thursday and was given this number PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I'm in the right place here
I am NAME-M
I just want to know why I can no longer get the pre-order packs, I got these on the PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the x-factor version.
And switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago but this does not receive packs
It's about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I just got this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account with PRS-ORG 5 as with 4.
And when will it happen?
I can not want to play with the PRS-ORG version anymore now.
I hope that somehow and sometime works, because 100€ for that was a lot of money
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
it worked with my friends, but for me, this problem has arisen, it doesn't work
since you can pre-order PRS-ORG
So it has been a while
If you pre-order this in the game, you get a discount of 10%
Okay, then I'll try it like this
with email settings?
OK, I have activated it
do you know how long it may take.
No that would be all.
Thank you for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask from when on can PRS-ORG be downloaded for the Play?
Whether it might already go Wednesday 00:00 ?
Yes, that's me, I even pre-ordered the 99 euro version.
But is there any way to find out because I would let the download run overnight.
I have taken a vacation just for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG Mittelalter und Piraten over PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation of the middle ages has worked smoothly however by pirates has not gone.
I waited for some days now and wanted to play before but now I can't open the game.
I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you!
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager it says the pirate download is finished
when I go into my game shop it says PRS-ORG medieval play and "new expansion ready to install"
then I click on pirates to download but it does not work.
I will try their link now and get back to you if it does not work.
thank you so much for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts, which actually run under the same email address.
One for PRS-ORG then and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration via email takes me to my PRS-ORG account, which is okay so far, but my PS account is not deposited there.
Then I registered with the same email via the PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked to that of my ex-boyfriend. What the hell is going on here?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data, can I access your account?!
When I enter MY registration data, I get to HER/HIS* account
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I have to write PRS-ORG again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but didn't receive the 4600 points.
However, I have that problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG but did not receive the 4600 points
EMAIL
Today is the 27th. That's why I wondered why they weren't here.
I'm already getting in to PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22.
I do have early access, of course.
Most of them have also already received their points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I have completed a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG mode, unfortunately I did not receive the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both partial tasks, but unfortunately have not received the icon pack.
Exactly.
How can I receive my reward?
About 20-30 min ago
And after 24 hours my parcel should arrive?
I will do that, but I didn't receive the package
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M, my game does not start again... I was already here today
EMAIL
I am a little bit frustrated..
yes it's about PRS-ORG
The game does not start.
No, the game does not start, one time, I was able to start the game.
No, not at all. When I press "Games" the PRS-ORG will be minimized briefly and then maximized again.
Nothing more happens.
I already have
oA, it's working again, thank you!
