Hello!
One of the books I purchased is no longer opening up for reading.
When I click it to read, it closes the app.
It is the only book that this is happening to.
EMAIL
I do not remember the exact date, but it was last week, if I am not mistaken
I cannot leave here to confirm.
Brazilian Portuguese: The discourse of the image
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Okay
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M 😎
I enter a game and when I or the opponent leaves the game I am redirected and exit the ut
In all game modes.
I don't know if it's a disconnection because I've been like that since 4 o'clock in the morning
I was doing the swaps to the friendly people
Yes
Because of the swaps in the friendly, I was making the golden goal
I was missing 2 goals and an in-depth assist.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Yes sir
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am okay.
Currently I have been facing some issues in the PRS-ORG game related to rewards bug.
With the new event that is happening, it shows that I have completed it and can already collect all the rewards.
But I am stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly.
I sent the photos
When I do the missions it already shows that I have completed them all, but I still find myself in ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
Thank you very much.
This problem is leaving me a bit annoyed, as the event's rewards are very good and I am unable to recover them because of this problem.
All right then
I thought it was just me and was a little happier knowing that you guys are already working to fix this
I’m way more calm, I didn’t want to lose the items from that event kk
No, thank you very much
Good Day NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
And now I can't change it to English
Brazilian Portuguese: english*
I found no setup in the game and also in the PRS-ORG
Thank you.
EMAIL
kkkkkk but that is obvious amigo
I thought I would have another way to change without having to download 8GB of the game again
But I imagined that there wouldn’t be any other way
I appreciate it anyway
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
good evening my PRS-ORG, the Career Mode is not loading, but it is bringing the archives when I open the game
Brazilian Portuguese: it's always as if it were the first time
I have to choose team control and play that match.
I have uninstalled 3 times but the problem persists
I saw tips for changing from assisted to semi-assisted while the game is working, but when restarting the game, the bug is back.
I lose my game save
Brazilian Portuguese: every time I have to redo
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Hello, my brother did a PRS-ORG on my account without meaning to.
He deceived me but I'm the one who came out damaged because he sent my team's players.
Is it possible to reclaim the players?
I apologize in advance for any inconvenience.
Yes, if it were possible, because it was a mere mistake of my younger brother.
I apologize again.
EMAIL
This is my dad’s mail, I’ve been playing PRS-ORG on this account for a long time already.
Brazilian Portuguese: And at that point I still didn't have email.
If it could be personal it would be more convenient.
Thank you anyways.
Rest of good night!
Hi friends, good day.
I went to check now that my 300 bonus did not come in, damn, I did not know it had to be at a match above 1.80, I lost because I bet it all, thinking I would have the bonus, would there be no way to release it?
D:
Sorry, I didn't see that it had to be over 180
I saw it now when I went to apply
I deposited 300 precisely to be able to play calmly.
I knew I would get the bonus
in case I lose
so I made a safer bet and lost, I asked and it didn't work
Thank you my dear.
Oh, no.
Thanks
I thought you could make an exception
his alias was 300, you know
please
can't you see?
with the staff there
Everything is okay then
Until next time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start off, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Well.
However, I'm having trouble logging into my PRS-T1 mobile account on my browser.
Yes
Yes
I always get connection failures when trying to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears.
I would like more information about that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I can’t find the mods folder for the PRS-ORG, I’ve already entered the game and the folder wasn’t created.
I had personalized content before, I had to format the notebook and NAME-M returned all the content
But there is no mods folder
When I enter the game, several personalized contents appear but the folder doesn't exist
That, the folder doesn't exist
I already signed in where it is needed on PRS-ORG games, the PRS-ORG and after that there is no folder
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is PRS-ORG.
To start off, can you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Good night.
I am unable to play The PRS-ORG as my PRS-ORG completely appears blurred.
Support told me to use PRS-ORG Name Surname, but it did not work.
I also renamed the folder The PRS-ORG to The PRS-ORG Old and loaded the game to create a new folder, but it didn't solve the problem.
I would like to be able to play, but the PRS-ORG appears out of focus (the scenery doesn’t)
I was using it, but since it wasn't working I disabled and deleted it
And without mods the problem is the same.
It doesn't work, PRS-ORG is completely out of focus
There is no mod there.
I already tried and it didn't solve the problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name, please?
look at this deal the PRS-ORG server is crashing every hour today because
Brazilian Portuguese: It wasn't like this
something is happening that we don't know
now the game doesn't work again
the pleasure and to know you
You can now access ALPHANUMERICID
look it's not working
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I would like you to explain how it's possible for your technicians not to find a solution to my simple problem
I don't have access to the PRS-ORG market on the web app
Only on the web app
And I already saw what you recommend doing
I already did and already waited and nafa
And they say that there is no solution possible?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I'm having problems with my game.
I've been trying to solve it for a while already, and it doesn't solve the problem in my game.
and I would like to reimburse him
but the start time for the first game has already passed
but I didn't even get to play the game
because the game is only in the menu screens.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
So, I am trying to play my PRS-ORG (full edition) and now that I have performed for the PRS-ORG system, PRS-ORG says that my system does not support ALPHANUMERICID games and advises me to contact the developer so that the game can be updated and I can continue playing
This is why I am here, asking for this help.
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, I am aware after research.
But my contact is a request for the PRS-ORG to update the game for more current systems
Thank you NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name, please?
NAME-M
I can not download the PRS-ORG
Unfortunately PRS-ORG could not download your game.
Please check your internet connection and try again.
other games do not have this error
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Good evening.
My name is NAME-F
I hope you are well too:):)
I downloaded the PRS-ORG again and it is in English, I remember when I was playing on the other computer it was in Portuguese.
Unfortunately I couldn't find the settings.
Could you please tell me how to put the PRS-ORG in Portuguese?
Yes, I am unable to access PRS-ORG in Portuguese
Thank you very much for the help
Oh, thank you very much!
Do you know if this will have any predictions?
Or will the language change be automatic?
Thank you very much.
It's just this same thing.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name for me?
I have a PRS-ORG and play PRS-ORG
I would really like to play the PRS-ORG draft mode, however I don't have enough PRS-ORG points to enter or buy them
What can I do?
Yes
And getting normal coins is very difficult dps so much time.
Difícil saw, there is no other way to access the mode
I saw that the servers will end on 14th
What will happen after that
Basically, there won't be any way to play that mode anymore, right?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG I can't open packs since the store is not available for any kind of purchase
Even msm the pack you get completing the initial missions
There's no way to open them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello my PRS-ORG is blocked
I can't log in without knowing what's going on
I did not do anything against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait.
I will check.
Yes.
The computer has a lot, NAME-N.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening
I would like help more or less 2 months I bought the PRS-ORG and now it is free!
I need help, I've already had several problems with the game which is hanging a lot and now this loss!
Brazilian Portuguese: I would like to request your consideration
I bought ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year, and I just now checked and it is free
Brazilian Portuguese: I just spoke with them and they said it’s you
Brazilian Portuguese: now it looks like I'll be pushed aside
I would like a help from somebody.
Brazilian Portuguese: about the case
yes, only I paid and now everyone gets it for free
OK, I understand your position, I am not satisfied and I feel sorry about this position.
The game is free for all subscribers and me paying for it.
I thank you for your attention and apologize for bothering you.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Good morning NAME-F, how are you?
my name and NAME-M
I would like to see help with the situation that I am having with my PRS-ORG
I'm good, thanks
then, the following happens.
ever since I bought the PRS-ORG I can't play a match without having some problem related to performance, the FPS drops every so often and when it drops below 60 the game starts to lag
I've tried many tips on the internet about how to solve this and nothing worked, not even the second patch update that was supposed to correct this type of problem, as it was described in the manual, and I don't know what to do anymore, but one thing is for sure: I can't play.
I even tried to get a refund from PRS-ORG but as I had already spent more than two hours (two hours I had been trying to get the game to work) they did not accept.
and I don't know what else to do, and it's impossible to play any game mode\
hello?
I think I already did all of these processes and the problem persists
not to mention the silence of PRS-ORG about these issues and a future update to fix this
because I don't know what else to do
okay, I will do it
but let's agree that if PRS-ORG launches a patch it will take a few good months ne
Brazilian Portuguese: and if it works
but thank you for the help
no, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon.
My name is NAME-M
I have trouble opening the packages I won.
in the store
thanks
Are the 4 packages ok?
There is an info about a login and connection problem.
I already tried through the app and nothing happens
okay.
ok.
I will wait.
anything just let me know again
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, may I ask your name?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: how can I buy the PRS-ORG game to offer it as a gift?
In this case, is there a code that a person can download to the game onto their PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy it here is there a link I can use?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
hello
good night
I just downloaded the game
by PRS-ORG games
Brazilian Portuguese: and I can't change the language of PRS-ORG
yes
I can't
he is in English
it's just a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I get your name please?
hello I am NAME-M
I wanted to put my PRS-T1 account from PRS-T1 on my PC
how?
okay
Thanks.
ahhh
ok
Thanks.
Brazilian Portuguese: nn
obg
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may you indicate your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello, I hope you're doing well too. Let's get to my problem: I used to play ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG platform, then I bought PRS-ORG and another PRS-ORG, the game works fine, the only problem is that I can't play with my friends online, and they also have PRS-ORG.
My registered email is:
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: ID: NAME-N
I've tried everything I know how to do, I've spoken to other people by chat and they couldn't help me either.
That, I can't play the online mode with my friends.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG refund
Brazilian Portuguese: I had a negative experience
in relation to the performance on my computer
Brazilian Portuguese: the app crashes too much
and it wasn't what I expected
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello NAME-N!
Here is NAME-F
I need help accessing my PRS-ORG account, the code isn't arriving in my email
Just got a code in here haha
Thank you for your attention, NAME-N!
No, that's all!
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
my name and NAME-M as NAME-M
good afternoon
everything's fine
I am fine thank you for asking
then my PRS-ORG is not starting
I would like to dissociate my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
i think the error is this
right
EMAIL
verifies if and that please
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good day
NAME-M
I am well and you?
I would like to change the email that is on my PRS-ORG account
how would I do that?
however when I send a security code to my email to make the exchange, the message does not arrive.
I am not receiving any emails from PRS-ORG
exactly
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
my name is NAME-N
I'd like to transfer the account that I recently disconnected from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I disconnected from this user thinking that I would be safe on PRS-ORG, but when I opened it again, I had lost the account
Basically, I wanted to transfer my progress from the PRS-T1 to another user
and I ended up unassociating myself from PRS-ORG
and I can not enter the account anymore
when I open PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG
he was associated with another account PRS-ORG
and a totally new progress appears
I'd like to transfer the progress of this PRS-ORG account to another.
Brazilian Portuguese: the progress of the PRS-ORG only
Brazilian Portuguese: how can I proceed?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I had an account at PRS-ORG, which has been deleted by someone else
my account was deleted
I had the PRS-ORG game there with the code: ALPHANUMERICID
I need help to recover my account
EMAIL
yes I need help to recover the account
it has been a while since I played and I think it got deleted or banned
yes
EMAIL
but that was the email he used
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon, I made the withdrawal yesterday at 00:00 and it did not come through, I contacted you and the operator said that there had been a delay in the payment, but that they would ask the department responsible to advance my payment, however, I just went into the account and the withdrawal came back to my amuleto account, what happened?
NAME-N to start over again?
NAME-N: Sem-títuloz.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: URL
NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F what do you answer me in the email
right
yes
but why was it canceled
that's what I want to know
Do I do the withdrawal again?
then it's not a mistake on my part
everything is ok with my account, right?
no
thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Yes
Since the update of yesterday I can’t get into ultimate team on the PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all the players of PRS-ORG
I don’t have PRS-ORG
Moreover I only have 5 friends
I am unable to solve the problem
I have goals to accomplish.
I only have today to obtain the NAME-N letter
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP I’m losing by not being able to play
But I need to play today
Because I only have until today to complete the goals
How are you going to solve this situation?
Because I have PRS-ORG will I be disadvantaged in relation to other players???
I will lose important players and points
It's okay.
I’ll be waiting.
Thanks for the help
No.
It's all thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please introduce yourself?
NAME-F sou NAME-M
EMAIL
510034
I had not taken this ban before I stopped playing, I come back and I am still banned for restricted activity?
I just wanted to play again to pass the time but I'm seeing that I lost it for nothing
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
hello good night
Can you help me with a question?
I'm wanting to purchase the PRS-ORG  ...
but for me to play this new map
Do I have to buy the gol or ultimat version?
or by buying the basic version I can play right away?
Gold or Ultimate version *
i dont just want to know if it is possible to play the new map by buying the basic version of the prs-org?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, may I ask your name please?
good afternoon
no game to download
Brazilian Portuguese: I sent the attachment.
i received notification that it was available
Brazilian Portuguese: she said it became available at 58 minutes
How can I solve this if I have PRS-ORG?
it's already resolved
you would need to restart the PRS-T1 app.
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start off, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG, I owned a PRS-ORG, but I didn’t realize that the version bought was just for it.
I’ve now upgraded to PRS-ORG and don’t own the game for the new version.
Would not it be possible to make it available?
Will I have to buy the same game again?
Since it costs the same in both platforms
Alright then.
I'm not going to play it anymore since I'm not going to pay 2x for the same game.
I'll wait until next year.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Good evening, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to report two users that are using hackers in the game PRS-ORG online mode.
The name of one of them is NAME-N and the other is NAME-N
Both use commands that the sight automatically goes to the heads of other players and they can see through walls.
By the way, the servers of the online PRS-ORG games are full of users using that kind of cheat.
Unfortunately it is demotivating to play there.
I would like them to take action against them.
The most just thing would be for them to be banned from the platform.
Okay.
I will report at the link you sent me
That's all.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with Twitch
only that she asks for an access code
in a number that I no longer have
I have already tried these cases
only that it is saying it is going to send the authentication code to a number I no longer have
and it is not the number I have linked
I used
he takes me where I reported the problem
it asks for a verification code
and says that will send to a telephone number
q I do not have any more
and I already changed the number in the PRS-ORG account a while ago
Okay
Thank you very much for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I would like to have a phone contact to speak with you
My account was hacked and you say there is nothing suspicious??
No I’m not okay.
You toy with your customers
I do not like this situation at all.
Good thing to say that I was the one who did what happened to my account, right?
Yes I wish to have a contact to call
Please
Do you not have a contact to call ???
My e-mail is EMAIL
I already know that they will tell me that nobody accessed the account
But did you put it on my account?
Ok thanks
Not only that, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello how are you doing?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all PRS-ORG points and jewels to get NAME-M, and again no player came!
Last year's promotion did not come either.
I made a complaint
And I didn't have a refund and I didn't win anything.
Only loss
Now the promotion of the same one is gone from the store!
But it was already reported last time
This is already the second time in a row.
I am losing money
The assistant who told me that I was the first to report
Now this still happens
But reporting doesn't solve what happened.
How do I request a refund?
Okay.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
I already had a conversation with your colleague about the missing game in my library, after doing what you ordered me to do the game is still missing
And me like work and go out every day at 20 and a bit difficult to have an online conversation that solves my situation since I do not have access to my pc now
EMAIL
The missing game and the PRS-ORG
Game bought 26-11 on PRS-ORG
I have already restarted, already cheated, already gone into the app data, already deleted the files that your colleague told me about, and even so I still don't have the game
I have the bank payment records and from PRS-ORG as the game was bought and since I already have 30hrs in it
47.99€ was paid
I have already managed to start it via PRS-ORG
As I'm not at home I couldn't find the login, I'll check it out when I get back!
Thank you !
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I need help because my PRS-ORG is reading my control like a PRS-ORG
However my control is from PRS-ORG
in PRS-ORG it looks like PRS-ORG and control configurations in PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG also looks like PRS-ORG
however when I opened the game it stayed as PRS-ORG
before it was normal, I tried everything to fix it but it does not work
was
Brazilian Portuguese: he changed to PRS-ORG out of nowhere
Brazilian Portuguese: and it does not go away in any way
I made a print to show that it is marked as PRS-ORG control in PRS-ORG
where can i send it?
Brazilian Portuguese: now returned to normal
thank you very much
Have a good night
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M, I have 38 players listed for transfer in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear with the "tick" of sold but I have not received the coins and I can't withdraw them.
They are there, frozen.
I need gold cards to make the PRS-ORG
Did you understand?
That, the 38 players are stuck there on my transfer list
These are low values.
They are overall gold players at most 79, around 1,500 per player.
They are listed there.
All gold, rare, or common
I would have to add up the values of each player and I didn't do it.
But this is the second time you make a mistake with me.
Time passes and nothing is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: hello good afternoon
my PRS-ORG won't open
every time you update the operating system this happens
I purchased it from PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: it just does not open
I already disabled the antivirus
I've already meddled with the data app
and it's useless
I have done that, dude.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
NAME-N, when clicking to play multiplayer mode the game closes
in just a few seconds
Brazilian Portuguese: what could it be?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
I downloaded from PRS-ORG, but it requires that I use PRS-ORG to play it
I wish I could send you a video of what is happening
this, I downloaded the PRS-ORG, the game starts normal, campaign mode works normal
only the multiplayer not
but the campaign works normal, I can play normal
this error only affects the multiplayer
actually it's not even an error, the game just shuts down
I will try to uninstall and install again.
no
thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Good evening.
It's that I can't unlink the prime gaming account
I wanted to add my new account
If you could help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Brazilian Portuguese: Ok, I'll wait. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Why does PRS-ORG have a junk server?
DON'T COME TO ASK QUESTIONS
JUST READ
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, does anyone know how to read?
And what problem did I say?
I said that and my internet, it's not my pc
And the PRS-ORG server is a piece of rubbish
NAME-N, all attendants say the same thing
to this day the server is still trash
Soon?
NAME-N what a joke
Years and years of consumer complaints
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG, not being greedy, does not buy a server
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
my name is NAME-M
I went to put together an online draft
Brazilian Portuguese: and came
2 NAME-N I have attached the image
being that impossible
That's right.
Brazilian Portuguese: cannot help
in this case.
I will take further measures against the company
Brazilian Portuguese: we players pay to have a product, and since there are PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel like I'm being prejudiced
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, may I ask your name please?
Why is the game so bugged after the update...PRS-ORG
When does the next update come out so that I can know why there are no conditions here...
Player stops running out of nowhere... defender jumps in front of the striker. The wingback runs twice as fast as the wingers.
I make all of the players on our team play on the other side on the first day so they don’t feel like they are on the field
I'm not complaining about the gameplay
Wl do 8x1 9x1 I did 4 in suffering, there's no way to play like that.
I want to know when will be the next update of the PRS-ORG???
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Yesterday I talked to NAME-M about my account that was invaded
she helped me, however I can't log in to my PRS-ORG account
I’ve already changed my password several times.
and I can't log in to the account, which is linked to the PRS-ORG account
my NAME-M closed and I could not get in contact again
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Pleasure to meet you as well.
I have a question regarding the PRS-ORG.
I see talking about becoming verified on PRS-ORG.
Is getting verified being in the elite division of PRS-ORG?
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I have your name please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
I am in doubt about the PRS-ORG packages with problems.
I saw that those who made the player pick from PRS-ORG and left PRS-ORG will receive the player pick again
But what made the icon pack prime and also took the moments icon is going to receive?
I took a PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG pack
I understand, in this case how long will it take until I receive it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm okay thank you.
I subscribed to PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG to play PRS-ORG but it doesn't seem to download without purchase
Can I get the PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check that
I can't find this game
I went to check the PRS-ORG games list now and all the PRS-ORG are on PRS-ORG, including PRS-ORG
Except the PRS-ORG which is not in the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I contacted a while ago because I have the same account for PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG and on the PC, but on PRS-ORG, it assigned me a different name
In PRS-ORG, at PRS-ORG, I have a team at PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I accessed the account on the PRS-ORG, but on the Pc it already showed up with a different name
Brazilian Portuguese: Nome PRS-ORG - NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: Name PRS-ORG PC - ALPHANUMERIC
Email is the same - EMAIL
Exactly, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here on the PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when PRS-ORG offered it a few months ago.
Here at Pc
Yes I know, but when I started PRS-ORG here on the PC, it searched for my PRS-ORG account, so much so that I received the prizes for continuing to use my account to play.
Except for PRS-ORG, I had never played PRS-ORG on a PC.
Yes, it's possible that yes.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon NAME-M
I am NAME-M.
I was playing the weekend league and was winning 3x1 when my rival abandoned the game
But I didn't win the victory
Can you verify?
EMAIL
Should I have got the win right?
No
I think the penultimate one
It was 3x1.
Ah it's okay then
But will it be counted as a victory?
I understand.
Thank you.
No.
Only that.
Thank you!!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon.
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put in the email it doesn't go forward
Brazilian Portuguese: It does not advance
Brazilian Portuguese: ValéEMAIL
Everything is in lowercase and without accents.
How can I do this?
Hahahaha
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you tell me your name, please?
I just bought PRS-ORG points at the PRS-ORG website
I made the rescue on the PRS-ORG account.
But it's not showing up there in the game
Here it appears that I have 55 Reais available.
But how do I upload it to PRS-TN?
Right
CREDITCARD
that's what I bought on the PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I managed to recover it here in the account.
Brazilian Portuguese: the value
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
Good Afternoon !!
I wanted to check with you guys if you can delete my account on PRS-ORG?
Why am I trying to log on to it more it says that there is a problem with my account
I want to uninstall and start everything over
I can't open my PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG games
also
It says "Something went wrong...
There is an issue with your account
Then I log in to PRS-ORG with my free email and the app opens
But I can’t link PRS-ORG and I can’t start the game.
I have already uninstalled the app and the game and installed it again
Even so it did not solve it
I really need your help, I’m talking to you guys for the second time today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure is mine
So, I got away for some time and I can't get into my old account
I have a certain doubt about the email, I think it is, EMAIL
But when I ask to recover the password I don’t receive the email
As PRS-ORG is a very old site it has gone through so many changes that I had to now reactivate my email
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Hello.
Please, I would like to cancel my subscription to PRS-ORG
I am trying to carry out the cancellation from the billing page, but the cancellation option is not showing up
The associated email is EMAIL
Already everything is cancelling by PRS-ORG my subscription to PRS-ORG.
A question: If I sign in with PRS-ORG, will my progress in the other games I had with PRS-ORG continue?
Or would you start all over again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please introduce yourself?
hello good afternoon
so I am having a problem with the PRS-T1 app
I can't download PRS-ORG
It shows up the msg: there was a problem with your download
something went wrong during download.
wait a few minutes and try again.
yes
only I can do it through PRS-ORG
I'll do the procedures here.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may you please indicate your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Also, NAME-M.
I made a PRS-ORG where it said "Player Choice PRS-ORG", but I received a PRS-ORG.
But I only did the PRS-ORG because I thought I would receive the Player Choice award, if I knew I was going to win a package I would not have done it.
Is there anything that can be done?
Is it still there?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a PRS-ORG match when my adversary left the game after being scored on.
Right after I exited the match, a message appeared saying the match was under review.
I tried to enter the game mode again, and I couldn't enter. A message appeared saying that I didn't have the right to play that mode
Appears in rivals and PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG system, you usually sign in
No, I want to finish, there are still 7 games left, but I can't play
I'm beginning to think I got banned unjustly
Brazilian Portuguese: 1 minute
EMAIL
NAME-N
Ah perfect, I was afraid of having taken banana kkkkkkkkk
Thanks for the help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
This is my login for the game, my account was banned, I went a while without playing and noticed that some coins had disappeared.
I believe I was hacked!
I play since 2012 and I never did any anti-game!
I need you to check for me what's going on
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
so I am having a problem accessing the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: one hour says it is PRS-ORG's problem and another one of the servers
I have been on the sites many times
and it never goes right
What I do
faco
it worked now
thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good morning!
My name is NAME-M
Pleasure!
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG through my mobile, in the PRS-ORG app, when I got home, I logged into the game and the PRS-ORG were not there
I bought again by the game, it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORG of the second purchase fell
But the first purchase, did not drop the PRS-ORG in the game
Yes!
24 hours have already passed.
I bought at 10h05 yesterday
Oh come on, I feel cheated by the loss of PRS-ORG
I got it!
I will contact PRS-ORG, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I ask your name, please?
NAME-F
How are you doing?
I am trying to buy PRS-ORG points, and when I go to the site to see the options for the PRS-ORG points, a message appears
It's not possible to add PRS-ORG points at the moment
Try again later
A few days ago, this had never occurred before
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Sorry, I didn't understand.
Is the server blocked for purchasing PRS-ORG points for the PRS-ORG 18?
I understood, so it’s a temporary problem.
If I don't succeed in 24 hours, I'll contact you again.
Thanks for your attention
Recently we bought 24 e-books via the PRS-ORG app and paid by credit card.
I would like to know if an invoice will be issued for this purchase??
Brazilian Portuguese: In waiting.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 03/03/2021
Recently we purchased 24 e-books via the PRS-ORG app and paid with credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase?
Waiting.
Will you issue a NF for the purchase we made by the PRS-ORG app?
For every sale of a product, is a NF generated?
I would like to know if you will email me the NF of the purchase of 24 e-books we just made
how come?
You're not in partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening NAME-M.
I was already talking with another agent, but my connection dropped
I am fine, thank you for asking
My PRS-ORG game has a bug where the icon marker is moving without me moving the controller
I have already changed the control and it still has the same bug
Yes.
When I turn on the game the arrow to select the icons keeps changing position, all without me touching the control.
I already used different controllers and still the bug continues
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Can you help me?
I already have PRS-ORG linked in the PRS-ORG account
I used to play PRS-ORG normally.. until yesterday
Brazilian Portuguese: today I can't log in to PRS-ORG anymore, says: sorry but there was an error in the connection with PRS-ORG
EMAIL
I even formatted the PC to see if it would return... and it didn't work at all
I'm going to send a print screen
Brazilian Portuguese: it just started working again
did you make any adjustments?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good evening.
I can not link my account to PRS-ORG
I put in my email and password but the code doesn't arrive in my email
EMAIL
the above is the main one
primary is EMAIL
however, it does not offer the option of putting the secondary to link
I got this code you sent
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have a certain problem specifically
in my PRS-ORG
I am having a problem.
that when I try to change the graph of the details of the shadows, to the one that is deactivated, it goes back to the bottom out of nowhere
I just want to leave it off, but I can't
EMAIL
this is the email
must be some kind of technical problem, NAME-F I tried to uninstall the game and reinstall, format the pc, and it didn't work
still has the same problem.
NAME-F ?
Brazilian Portuguese: that was a long time ago
almost a year now
is this the problem.
the problem is with my game graphics
just the "shadow details [lighting]" that keeps changing to the bottom, all by itself
even if I wanted to keep it disabled
NAME-M, I hope to get a response from you as soon as possible
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hello 😸
My 10/10/10 insignia didn't count
Each one from the team has to kill 10 people to get it, we got it and she didn't tell
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG Game
I have a photo and video if that helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning.
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked to the e-mail EMAIL
Last night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG and they have not yet been added to my account
Brazilian Portuguese: ID PRS-ORG
E-mail EMAIL
I bought directly from the PRS-ORG store
Direct purchase of the game was failing
I opened the PRS-ORG menu, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reais
This is the value that the account has the signature of the PRS-ORG
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I renewed the PRS-ORG subscription but it entered into duplicity.
I want to cancel one of the charges
Brazilian Portuguese: the signature is for PRS-ORG
I made the purchase through PRS-ORG itself
in the PRS-ORG application
ok then
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: only this
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Brazilian Portuguese: good dua
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I need to inform you that the request was received.
.. there is no test if I can download
and to know if the brochure that came with the PRS-ORG
where do I print?
with the instruction manual.
I bought version 4
Brazilian Portuguese: with no limitations of the free version to be launched on the 18th
already appeared in the download environment
but I need to know where to download the manual with the license to use it and the instructions
also
it would be like downloading start and the instruction manual the same as the the PRS-ORG
when I bought it it was in physical media
and the instruction manual
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: in the most I thank you
good day and good work
just that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Hello good night!
I would like to claim my Rival Reward since I have completed 8 weekly wins.
My name is NAME-M
My email is EMAIL
Oh yes 🙌🏻
It's fine.
Thanks for your attention
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I sent a picture of the error while logging in
I was in an online match and in the middle of the game my Internet dropped.
I am trying to reconnect but I am unable to
I sent a picture of the error.
I would like to access the PRS-ORG menu
Need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I am restarting the console
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG* console
I’ll try again.
I think it worked 🤞🤞
That's what it was
Thank you very much for your help
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you give me your name, please?
I bought PRS-ORG
hasn't fallen
I have already attached exactly how you ask for
and I need them to be manually placed
Because I want to buy something that has time limit to buy.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
EMAIL
Dude I am going to miss the promotion and sue you.
second call that I open and you guys in this joke.
Proof has already been sent; this is what should be in my account.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello friend
I was banned and I would like to use my email again for another account
I want you to delete my account
Yes
Delete everything
i want to use that email again my friend
EMAIL
the account has already been deactivated and you will be left with the email retained
My PRS-ORG account is this email, I can't play PRS-ORG on it because you are holding my email
to change how??
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
So, NAME-F, good afternoon!
I'm having a problem with disconnects, or dc as it's better known, in my account.
It is not my internet, because I am never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, only from the matches
And it's hurting me a lot, especially in the PRS-ORG's, because it's very important not to lose silly matches in order to try and reach a higher rank, now how do I take these types of disconnections every week?
This, I'm experiencing connection issue
Facing**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you your name please?
Good evening, how are you?
So it seems like you get an update to the game today, right?!
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, but when I started it, it gave an error
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled it
However, he persists in his mistake
I can not play, an error message always appears
I have the photo.
You can keep
I will be waiting.
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and it is all OK
Only the PRS-ORG itself gave an error after this update, and the same one does not enter
Do you think you can release it today?
Or do they give a deadline?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To get started, can you please state your name for me?
NAME-M
Thank you.
My PRS-ORG account has been suspended from the transfer market
Account: ALPHANUMERICID
However I am not in any currency buying and selling schemes
Correct.
Sure
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I ask you to tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to change the PRS-ORG account that is linked to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked a PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account, but it belongs to my cousin, and I had signed into PRS-ORG, so I want to switch one account to the other
I want to link another Prime account
Only that I can't do it, since it says I can't link another account
But I don't want to use the 2, I just want to put the prime I signed
I want to link another Prime Gaming account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and it does not charge.
Stuck on the loading screen of the story mode
My pc meets the requirements to play and I have tried to lower the graphics to the maximum to try and load
So what is left is to wait to be corrected?
Is there nothing I can do?
I want to play the game
In fact, at the beginning of the year the same game was on sale and I bought it and had the exact same problem.
I asked for a refund because I thought it was a hardware problem.
Will I have to wait another year to be able to play the game?
8 months have passed and the problem has not been solved.
it's hard to trust their word that it will be fixed soon
What a joke.
But ok
I don't have anything to do really
Thanks for at least keeping me informed
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I am not able to start a game.
It was after I made a DME that this error began...
Today during the morning I was playing normal.
Now the night is with the problem
The message that you are experiencing a connection problem with the PRS-ORG appears
And then returns to the initial menu.
I can't start a game in any game mode
I already tested my connection and everything is fine
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Is my account all right?
Are others having this problem too?
How do I solve this?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I can't play PRS-ORG.
I own the PRS-ORG signature of PRS-ORG, it includes the PRS-ORG
It turns out that when the game opens, the error appears, which I have attached images of
Remembering that it is 10 o'clock of the assessment
I even managed to get access to the game earlier.
But now I am trying and I get the error described
Speak so I can verify my subscription, it is active until the 02nd of next month
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name, please?
My name is NAME-M
Everything is alright with you?
I am having problems with getting into the PRS-ORG mode and some friends are having the same problem
How nice!
😊
Yes, I even sent it at the beginning of the conversation
A photo of what appears
Could not connect to the PRS-ORG.
Try again later.
This message that appears
What I play on PRS-ORG is a different profile.
Play PRS-ORG on one account and PRS-ORG on the next
EMAIL
It is the e-mail
Yes yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I still have problems starting the game
Brazilian Portuguese: I cannot play
Brazilian Portuguese: anticheat gives problem
A memory dump appears on the error message
I contacted earlier and I was told that they would solve this problem immediately.
and I signed up for PRS-ORG just to be able to play the game today
I want to know when I'm going to be able to play
yes
I already tried a lot of things.
And nothing is resolved
you should already be aware of this problem
so, what is the solution?
Is the problem in the anticheat then?
I don't have to do anything on my computer?
okay
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I can't play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG
A message pops up saying that I do not have permission
Yes.
It says I do not have the necessary right to access this resource.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I was talking to another representative and the conversation dropped.
about my last open case of PRS-ORG
no, I bought the PRS-ORG at his event!
However, soon after, you nerfed him and he's unplayable. My request was if you would allow me to exchange my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one.
because I deeply regret having bought his and nerfed the doll vc6
I would really appreciate if you could help me.
i was speaking with another attendant but the call dropped, he said he would check with the team
attendant*
Brazilian Portuguese: yes or refund to pick up wraith
new da wraith
PRS-ORG is the game I love most, the one I play the most since season 1
I would be very grateful if you could help me.
poxa
not even a code for me to try to buy the new inheritance?
I wouldn't call if I stopped being myself.
seer
Brazilian Portuguese: you give so much code to these streamers who live talking bad about the game and we, the game lovers, end up being hurt by the nerf they do in the dolls
I would be playing with him if they had not killed him
I have spent now and I regret it and ngm can help me
a code you would be helping me I would complete what is missing
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hi, I had my account invaded or my phone hacked, I don't know and my players, my coins, disappeared and I was banned from the market.
I was very focused on my account now this happened I'm discouraged
I am already trying to contact you guys give me 5 star attention the support only sends email that will not reverse the house
Case
My account is already old and it has never had a ban and it wasn't me.
And to start another account does not work since I already have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is linked
Please help me
I'm desperate
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
this problem has persisted for a week now
I am very angry
When I start the anticheat, the message appears: "unable to start.
It requires administrator access. This problem has been there for a week now
I need a response urgently.
YES HONEY.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you give me your name please?
Hello, NAME-F.
NAME-M.
So, I took advantage of the 70% discount that PRS-ORG is giving and decided to purchase the PRS-ORG.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, I installed it, but when I tried to run the game I encountered these error messages... I have no idea what it is about nor how to solve it...
I sent the print attached at the chat opening.
Yes, correct.
I open the game through the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG page, it also starts through PRS-ORG and shows the errors I sent in the print.
Has NAME-F managed to access the print that I sent?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
I have already reinstalled both the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG App, but the PRS-ORG doesn't open.
The PRS-ORG App opens twice and does not open the game.
It was normal until yesterday.
Correct
I've already looked for all the tutorials I could from you.
I'm left to format the computer...
Even the last attendant sent 3 links to my email that I had already accessed before.
EMAIL
this is associated with my PRS-ORG account, the place the purchase was made from.
No error message appears.
It just won't open.
It does not even get to open PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-T2 app just closes and opens again in offline mode
okay
they were the same links that sent me last time
I already accessed and it didn't solve the problem
It seems I'll have to try to format my computer, because not even you know the reason
Thank you for nothing.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello my friend, how are you?
my name is NAME-M
I am
I bought the PRS-ORG a few minutes ago but I didn't really enjoy the game
Brazilian Portuguese: then I wanted to ask for a refund
Could you help me with that?
Brazilian Portuguese: Of course, a friendly moment
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I ask your name, please?
Good night!
Brazilian Portuguese: my name is NAME-M
I was thinking of buying the PRS-ORG via the PRS-ORG, but I can't figure out if my PC meets the requirements to run the game
my processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID   2.40 GHz
and I have 8 GB of RAM
but the graphics card is
Yes, but graphics card only has Nvidia or PRS-ORG
my graphics is Intel HD graphics 520
is it possible to run the game?
ah, ok
well, looks like i'll have to invest in a video card
thank you for the help!
thank you
That's all for today!
Brazilian Portuguese: have a nice rest of day and good work!
thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
I am NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the server went down.
Am I going to lose the game?
Yes but will I get my PRS-ORG refunded?
I am unable to connect.
The server is down.
My internet is perfect
It was the server that crashed when I was in the game.
I want to know if I will receive my entry into PRS-ORG returned?
Portuguese: It is not just me that cannot enter.
Everybody I know is not managing
It wasn't a problem with my internet
It was a problem of your server
I just don’t want to lose the game because of that.
I only want the PRS-ORG entry returned
Ok
Only that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
I want a refund
of the game that I bought the PRS-ORG
I can't play.
the game is in error I can't enter to play
Brazilian Portuguese: there are conditions but I don't want my money back
3 days that I can’t log in to play
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M birth
Good evening how are you?
I am contacting you because I have deleted my team and want to see the possibility of re-adding it
NAME-N this game makes me nervous kkkk
That too.
In the ultimate time
Name of the club The Witch's Army
Okay.
EMAIL
Hmm okay then I’ll be ending my participation in PRS-ORG
Thank you for trying.
Good night NAME-F all the best, be with God
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please introduce yourself?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Everything okay?
My home at the PRS-ORG has disappeared.
Was in contact now, they asked to follow an error solution step by step by PRS-ORG
I had to restart my computer and lost the dialogue, but it did not work
I have not used any corrupted items, just the ones in the pack,
It disappeared for a while, I opened a solution request, after a while, the update appeared and it returned.
I created the family and when I went to put it in the house, it had disappeared again.
Right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide me with your name?
Good evening my question is regarding PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: As 10 horas of the PRS-ORG only counts when the game is open
Or tells from the first moment that he is opening up
More if I close the game and do something else the test goes on
Or only when the game is open?
In case if I switch off my PC the time still continues is it so?
If the game is completely closed
Brazilian Portuguese: Time still continues
Or only if the game is open
Ok, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N
To start, could you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
My pleasure.
I am terribly desperate because yesterday I entered my account and I noticed that practically all of my coins were taken.
Around 1,100,000 coins.
I don't know what to do about this!
That's why I came to ask for help
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, I've just contacted you about an issue downloading the purchase I made.
I bought it again and it still had the same problem.
My name: NAME-M
Okay.
I am still having trouble downloading the PRS-ORG package for the PRS-ORG that I purchased.
I am using the PRS-ORG App.
Could it be a problem with this app?
I was able to download it.
I cleaned the application cache.
of the PRS-ORG App in the "Recovery of the application" option
Brazilian Portuguese: it worked .
For now it's only obligated!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I bought a game and I can’t download it, can you help me?
I installed on my computer the PRS-ORG app
I purchased the PRS-ORG collection of worlds
EMAIL
I'm not receiving an error message, I wanted you to teach me to download the game through the PRS-ORG app
Brazilian Portuguese: it only appears (YOU ALREADY HAVE THAT ADD-ON)
But I don’t know how to download the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I already have a PRS-TOP level 500 account
however I want to play on the pc and link the same account
will there be any issues with losing my PRS-ORG account stuff when cross progression comes?
Brazilian Portuguese: the game is PRS-ORG legends
but I play on pc now
with the same email.
etc
will there be some future problem?
I am a writer and the owner of the rights of the book The Fairy and the Wizard
URL
You can't sell!
the company that put the book there can't see the same one ... please remove ...
I do not speak as a user
I'm speaking as a writer and as the owner of the rights.
you are human
I want to speak to a human
thank you I'm gonna open a case there
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I please have your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to solve this problem of mine, I decided to get in touch with you.
When starting the PRS-ORG, it gives me an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I tried everything I saw on the internet to fix it, but it was all in vain.
Basically, you are my last chance
The one in question, I didn’t do that.
Do you want me to?
just give me one minute please, I’ll be quick
Unfortunately it still gives the same error
After following all the steps, the same error appeared again when starting the PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately I can not open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS on the PRS-ORG App Companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hi, I can't seem to connect to rivals
It has been more than 15 hours.
I'm managing to get in to play rivals
A warning is appearing, more than 15 hours
Yes
I had already contacted support and was told the problem would be fixed quickly
However, the problem still remained.
Alright, how do the rewards work?
Because there is still 1 game left for me to catch up and it's 12 hours until the Rivals closes
Okay.
And how could I pick these packages up?
That's the progress of the whole season, there are 89 matches to get the best reward, and I'm not getting to play to get match number 90.
It is frustrating we play a whole season and not get rewarded
Even more so in such an important event like the TOTY.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
Firstly, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
everything is okay
So, a while ago I deleted my gmail which was part of a PRS-ORG account and nowadays I can not access my old account just because I deleted my old gmail
how would you help me?
Brazilian Portuguese: that account for which I am speaking now and my gmail works, that is, I want to try to recover my old account
which is registered on this gmail
EMAIL
that old gmail was deleted and I forgot to swap it on the PRS-ORG before deleting it, and I had games on it
like bf4 and others
how could I recover the account by PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: then, NAME-M.
Portuguese (BR): I bought and downloaded the NAME-F game today and after the installation it won't open.
Giving the following message: "An error occurred in our initialization.
Try again later.
No, it is installed.
But it doesn't open when I start it...
Yes
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
Why did I like amuletobet?
Found a better betting house
Brazilian Portuguese: A URL agile ni bônus e na retirada
I can't play games with platforms like that.
Sorry but I can't do it.
Bonus denied
Therefore I want to exclude my registration, nor do I want the bonus because I have already decided, and in my own way.
I don't want anymore, I found another house of games, and I value that a lot and my form.
Goodbye, thank you for your help.
In favor of the exclusion.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and when I start PRS-ORG my game is not in the library, when I start from PRS-ORG I am redirected to PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I did not receive any code, I get an error of denied access, I have a printout of the proof of purchase
Yes
I actually purchased from PRS-ORG, didn't know it had a code
but when starting the game I am redirected to PRS-ORG and it asks me for the code
I contacted PRS-ORG and was directed to the PRS-ORG website, now I am lost, one sending me to the other.
and here on the website itself says I can turn to you
I lost my code and did not install via PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose a product key, contact us so we can help.
A receipt may be asked for, so have it on hand.
this is a topic I found
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Pleased to meet you
I bought the game PRS-ORG, but I can’t access it
I teach email and I can't complete it
I can't go ahead and use it
I appreciate it a lot.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Please help me.
I was hacked and as far as I know, my PRS-ORG club was deleted.
I have invested a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and I can't lose my account like this.
as I sent you the photo in the attachment now this morning I tried to enter my companion app of PRS-ORG and I have no club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thank you for the help in advance
I last played on Tuesday night.
Yesterday I did not play because I worked all day and today when I wanted to get in the club in the morning, it said that the club did not exist.
Okay thanks for the information
Then you say it is this and I was not hacked
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I am trying to link a PRS-TRAIN account
Brazilian Portuguese: however it says that another is already linked
Brazilian Portuguese: being that I disconnected last week
EMAIL
this is the email I want to link
what is being listed as linked is the EMAIL
I was not using the old one
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
Good afternoon.
My name is NAME-M
I can’t sign in to my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG game
The application closes as soon as I enter the option to put the account
Yes
I have already rebooted.
I have already uninstalled and installed the app
And again, the problem persists.
No.
The game was just installed
Did not ask for any update
OK
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please get your name?
NAME-M
My name is this
I am excellent
I'm unable to sign in to the PRS-ORG mobile
In case, in my account.
The error is in login because it doesn't just show up for me
Only a dark image remains
Brazilian Portuguese: And then it just keeps charging
thank you for trying to fix it for me, I really appreciate it.
Yes I am using PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
That is the id I was using.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
the email is EMAIL
I have already been attended to in the PHONENUMBER protocol
nothing helped
Portuguese (Brazil): the game just closes every time I open it
either by PRS-ORG or by PRS-ORG
I've already reinstalled, I've done everything
and it still won't open
from the black screen
exactly
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Hello, NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M and I was talking to PRS-ORG when the window closed.
Brazilian Portuguese: It is also a pleasure
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins but I didn't even select the difficulty.
My energy dropped and I lost the coins without disputing the draft.
Could you help me?
EMAIL
Thanks
Unfortunately this does not solve the problem.
There are no rewards once the draft was even contested but the PRS-ORG kept my 15 thousand coins.
There is nothing else you can do to help.
Lamentable.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm not feeling well unfortunately
my account is advertising my players and items in PRS-ORG
doING sAles without me asking !!!!
I don't know if someone is logging into my account or if it's a bug.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My account email is saying that it does not exist.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
But it enters there.
My email and this EMAIL
I only want to recover the account.
On PRS-ORG enters normally
In the PRS-ORG app
Not
I believe that it is.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
I can not make the payment of the packages, it gives me unauthorized though I have credit on the card
EMAIL
swipes the card, normally
seconds later
Brazilian Portuguese: the purchase is voided
i tried 2 different cards
What should I do?
Try it later?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
My name is Indian of Shit
Go fuck yourself, you asshole!
This company had to explode with all of you inside, it will take no prisoners
Disgusting handicap in this game.
Always favoring the worst ones.
If the son of a bitch plays bad or has a shit team the problem is his fucking problem.
Here you guys come to spoil the shit out of the game with that handicap.
Tell me, NAME-N, are you not ashamed to work in this company???
Are you not ashamed to work for PRS-ORG?
How long does it take to answer a simple question?
My question is: do you not have any shame to work for PRS-ORG?
It’s a very simple question: yes or no?
Pretty well based hahaha they brainwashed you, friend
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hi good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Would there be a link where I can log in?
To not use the application
The link worked, but can I play PRS-ORG through this app?
Hey, from that link
Equal on PRS-ORGado
How?
:C
When I click on PRS-ORG, it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, however it gives me options of downloading the PRS-ORG
Because of the PRS-ORG, it does not work?
My god
Brazilian Portuguese: and now?
I've already uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing
Then I enter the PRS-ORG program which has been installed on the computer, but it opens the PRS-ORG which does not load and the game does not open
I will restart it, hopefully it will work
I am desperate
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: hello how are you doing?
so, since last week I have been with speed lag problems
however my connection is good and the servers are working tbm
I don't know if the video was attached.
I connect normally to the servers, I can access PRS-ORG
but when I start the match, there appear some red signs at the top of the screen
and everything freezes, and then all of a sudden, everything is super fast.
the ping is always between 30 and 40
but some different signs in red appear in the upper part of the screen
I do not know if you understood
then my problem is probably with the internet provider right
unfortunately
Oh my life, what a bag
not was this itself thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Yes
I bought the pass today at 4 pm but it wasn't released, I've been sending proof and talking to the attendant since then to solve it
Now they asked me to speak in live chat
Can you explain the step by step process?
Because when I leave I have to do everything all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I get your name please?
Good afternoon.
Brazilian Portuguese: and portuguese
Hello.
my god kkkkkkkkk
I didn't know that language
then NAME-N
but I do not know the email of the account of these c[odigos
how chic
I can give you the email of the account I'm talking to you now
but it's not the account with the expansions I am referring to
my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I would like to know how can I get access to the PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, I was playing all day and I couldn't
Is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
ook obrigado, na pagina de transferencia aparece q minha conta PRS-ORG n tem acesso ainda
NAME-M, I have to get access by playing
thank goodness, i thought NAME-M had taken a bath without NAME-F nothing kkk
thanks ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I opened a help desk ticket and received an email yesterday saying it had been finalized
Except that for me the reward that was supposed to come did not come
EMAIL
Oshi mais aqui is different for me
They have analyzed it and the coins have been credited to my account
And how do I deposit something into my account and you guys can’t do anything?
So what's the use of you?
We pay so much for a game and when it is requested a visit for the service and they can’t solve it for me
And I still end up out of pocket
I want a solution
And what happens, am I then left in the red?
Man, if we have to work this out, I do not accept this
How can I have a loss since I have an account balance and the sum?
And there is still an e-mail saying that everything was fine and that it was a mistake and that the game's coins would be added to the account?
Something is not right
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please tell me your name.
Will I have to buy PRS-ORG again?
Brazilian Portuguese: the order history shows that the status of the PRS-ORG failed.
hello, pleasure
In my card app it shows that the payment is underway
but because of the status in the order history showing that it failed I became uncertain
one more question, the value will be refunded to my credit card then, right?
I am not at risk of having two PRS-ORGs.
Perfect, thanks for the attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, please may I have your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
I hope you're doing well
Is it possible to transfer a game, PRS-ORG to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I'm disappointed because I can't access the web app.
Says I have no club
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought a pack at the store today for .25.000 where it gave a loan icon and 5 players 82+, but I got another one completely different from the description
I never had problems before in relation to this
Brazilian Portuguese: date of purchase today as15:48
I understood.
will I receive the correct package ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, I was being attended, but the line dropped.
Brazilian Portuguese: PHONENUMBER case ID
Game will not start due to problems with the PRS-ORG.
I already followed the support member's instructions for uninstalling and reinstalling the anticheat and starting PRS-ORG as admin, and it didn't solve the problem
EMAIL
Ok, I solved the problem.
It worked.
The game has started working again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I ask you your name please?
Good afternoon
NAME-M
my name is NAME-M
I have my PRS-ORG transfer market blocked.
I am a customer of PRS-ORG since PRS-ORG 18.
But I was from the PRS-ORG platform and this year I bought for the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Clear
thank you!
service interruption?
what is that ?
Ahh tá
I'll call you again soon.
Thank you very much NAME-M
Have a great day.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Then, I bought a PRS-ORG from the American store in a promotion that came with the PRS-ORG and when the product arrived to me, I activated the code to download the game, I redeemed it, but the game did not appear so I could download it.
NAME-N shows up on PRS-ORG to buy.
I contacted the store support and they asked to speak with you.
that.
I can not download through the activation code that came to me from the voucher
EMAIL
the code is not with me, I have to go get it.
NAME-F I forward you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I can not install PRS-ORG
I click to install and it doesn’t start the installation process.
Brazilian Portuguese: it closes automatically.
correct
The PRS-ORG app fails to start up, and the setup for installation also fails.
I already tried downloading another setup or restarting the pc, downloading the system updates but nothing has worked so far
nothing happens.
I click on setup of PRS-ORG it simply doesn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I wanted to solve a problem with my login to the PRS-ORG draft
In the Security Check where it says "words to copy"
I can do better than that
I am having problems logging in
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I know your name please?
Hello Manas!
It's me again, I spoke to you recently about my old PRS-ORG account being linked to my PRS-ORG account, however I am still getting the same message even after three hours is this normal?
I am the NAME-M!!
I opened the support ticket with you around 20:30.
But I still got that message even after you disconnected the PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG
Okay!
I will be waiting!
I can try again tomorrow morning then!
If it is not resolved, I'll try to contact you again, okay?
Perfect!!
I will take a look at the site you sent, thanks again for helping me out!
I would like to apologize for all this trouble haha, I feel like I am bothering you!
Thank you very much!!
It was a pleasure to receive your help again with the problem that I am having!
I hope by tomorrow morning it's already disconnected from the old PRS-ORG!
whenever I log in to the game the PRS-ORG world doesn't appear
just restart the pc and reinstalled the PRS-T1 app
I have already cleared the PRS-T2 app cache.
Brazilian Portuguese: o The PRS-ORG opens normally
Brazilian Portuguese: more the PRS-ORG world doesn't appear
and whenever I clean the PRS-ORG app caches, PRS-ORG appears to download
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: apart from the cloudy weather here ,
Crazy to be able to play this new package and so far only sadness
Brazilian Portuguese: I just received a number.
key to the case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-F
My The PRS-ORG game is not loading...
A download error appears on my "save"
I access the game through PRS-ORG
NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
It is now!
I restarted the game and the game application
Thank you for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon, NAME-M
Is everything okay?
I made a withdrawal request but realized it was denied and I didn't receive the reason why
Could you tell me what the problem is?
Is the code the number of the bank?
Why did I fill out this item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know.
I'll try and place another order
Thank you.
No
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
Hello NAME-M
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-N
Buddy, please
I won a WL game and my opponent is insulting me on the PRS-ORG chat
I've attached some images, I don't know if you were able to read them
I received xenophobic insults, calling me NAME-N
I received a death threat: “you’re going to die”
I received vulgar insults as in the picture
His ID is "NAME-N"
The blessed one created 3 secondary accounts and is sending me messages there, saying he will get me banned
Help me please, these attitudes are unacceptable
I attached before starting the live chat
How do I enter this here?
I have 4 images
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Do you need the images too?
I have a copy of the conversation and all his messages
Okay
I'll do it now.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
my name is NAME-M
pleasure.
well I am trying to log into PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG 18 but it says my account is currently blocked.
Brazilian Portuguese: asks to log in the console on which I played the game but I don't have access to it anymore.
to tell me to contact PRS-ORG Help
Certissimo
ok ja it does not appear to me the message that it is blocked and asks me to choose a security question, so I think the problem is solved.
yes I was able to enter.
thank you very much for the help.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
I opened several rare megapacks today that showed as tradable but they were actually untradable
That hurt me a lot (dropping players, timing, etc.)
I attached a video showing
I would like to know what is going to be done about this
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello good morning
Yesterday I purchased the PRS-ORG
I have a question about the content.
Are the items that come in the promotion inserted immediately or only at launch of the game?
Because the PRS-ORG points did not fall and others intens
Do you know how to inform me please?
By PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: Access has been consolidated
However the items do not
Okay, thanks
Good evening, I have a problem checking my documentation.
I was asked to verify my account through email after I requested a withdrawal of 200 reais
I sent all documents, and now they are demanding a copy of credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual.
And many have already expired, and even payment approval has not been issued.
I have never had any problems with PRS-ORG, but I am disappointed
What do I do?
No, that's all.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning
NAME-M
So, I am running the PRS-ORG with a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card and 24GB of ram.
My settings are above the recommendation made by PRS-ORG to play the game, however, the game is freezing a lot.
Several people are complaining.
I would like to know if the PRS-ORG is aware of the problem and if they already have a solution
I did not receive any error.
What is happening is that I am inside a match, the screen freezes and then the game comes back at a very high speed, as if it were in PRS-ORG
In addition, the PRS-ORG is using about 80% of my video card to run
This is not normal.
Tá bom
I'll check it out and get back to you
I would just like it to be recorded that this problem is affecting a number of people
It is not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use 80% of the video card.
Thank you
Good morning
That's it.
Thank you
Hug.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Well, I recently bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I entered the game and was met with an error that my game needed internet?
What was weird, if I had internet
but researching, I found out that I need a key to enter the game
I can't create an account
In this case, I am unable to create an account within PRS-ORG.
NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
That's how it goes, recently I was banned on the PRS-ORG transfer market only in the web app, and now I'm also banned from the market on all platforms for using a trade site
I confess that I used a trading site, but it was only for a short time.
And it wasn't even to benefit me
Yes
But I think I was banned unjustly
Because I had removed the site from my account
Because I thought it was unfair to use the website
And I think they banned me because recently my account had suspicious activities too
You eventually changed the password of my account, saving it
Email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-F
I wanted to ask a question, I have all the PRS-ORG on the PC, if I sign the PRS-ORG can I link them in the PRS-ORG?
or do I have to buy all of them again?
not progress, but expansion
because the PRS-ORG of my pc spent around 5000 reais on all the expansions and extras
it's hard to spend it all on the console now
is there only the base game or the expansions too?
alright, thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M that's right, thank you!!
Have a great weekend
I have a PRS-ORG that is having problems with the screen: half of it is scratched and I can't read the texts.
I would like to change the screen, but I am in Brazil and we have no PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to fix this screen, even if it costs me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandma’s house,
I had already tried before the pandemic, I think I'll keep trying to find something that I can do for myself.
Anyhow, thank you very much.
For you too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
Unfortunately I'm not feeling well I'm extremely emotionally distressed
I was threatened and the player also tortured me psychologically
Using low words for my family
If I exhausted myself at some point because he himself began threatening me and wishing me terrible things
Yes.
However it was abusive that the player said that to me in the PRS-ORG game chat
The attached photo is the beginning he reported
I am deeply shaken and I am going to call my psychologist who said it really shook me up
I've been feeling very bad I have a daughter
He wished nothing but ill upon myself and my daughter and I love my daughter
I'm feeling totally down, not having the strength to get up from bed because he did
nader
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
I am not able to
use the PRS-ORGpoints
For example, there's no way to open packs with them.
what is strange is that I did not expect it
why are there youtubers/streamers
Brazilian Portuguese: opening packs with PRS-ORG points
like the URL is opening packs with PRS-ORG points right now
ok
thank you
The data for PRS-ORG, Transferência, Boleto… any option.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
Hi!
My name is NAME-F
I am having problems making purchases in the PRS-T2 app
I tried to buy some PRS-ORG packs several times with no luck
Could you help me?
I'm not able to process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill in Full name and CPF but it doesn't generate the order
So I can't pay
The amount is not charged
So I can’t pay.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: user PRS-ORG
I DID IT!
The last attempt generated a request in the spam folder.
It worked!
Thank you so much!
PRS-ORG did not load in a part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning.
Nice to meet you!
Both my system (PRS-ORG) and the game version are up-to-date!
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: He starts and I played until one.
Brazilian Portuguese: just over half of episode 8.
Brazilian Portuguese: However, when I try to start from where I stopped within episode 8 it does not load!!
No error appears!!
The game just crashes when trying to load from where I stopped!!
The screen goes dark and the spinning icon indicating the game is loading stops!
Then I need to close the application!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, good pie.
Then
Yesterday I made an improvement of mid/ prime icon and it comes with an error from the game itself I thought it was a player choice
but when I saw it it was a normal package
I wanted to know if you can return my players, because if it wasn't for the translation error, I wouldn't have made the package
okay.
but will I get some kind of refund of the players I spent?
because I spent too many players and coins
Brazilian Portuguese: just one more doubt about this matter
the PRS-ORG team entered the game
Brazilian Portuguese: or some social media?
okay
I'm waiting then
thanks for the support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Opa good morning
I am having a problem with the transfer on PRS-ORG
I try to buy players in the last minute because I can get them cheaper.
And then watching it for an extra cost but all through the game with no kind of program.
And msm so blocked my transfer window
I even use PRS-ORG points, too.
I try to play as well as possible because I really enjoy the game
I am no longer able to give instructions to players
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you?
I made dme ej the crack of the future.
And the 4 options were all totw
Yes
I created the PRS-ORG of the future
Which provides 4 options to choose from.
Only all the options came from the weekly selection
I chose NAME-N
But there should be future cracks options
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
The PRS-ORG game crashes constantly.
I’ve already reinstalled, I’ve seen other options in different forums.
My PC meets the recommended requirements perfectly
Brazilian Portuguese: and yet nothing changes this behavior of the game
At this moment he is even talking to my father who is from the computer science field
I'll try and then say something
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
I made the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG points and didn't receive it
Order number: ALPHANUMERICID
Application date: 12 Mar.
Brazilian Portuguese: from 2022 13:37:00 BRT
I purchased via the PRS-ORG Companiop app.
Companion
He just came in here
I have received the PRS-ORG points
Thank you for the help
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG#1 to #7
I just checked, I did not rescue the PRS-ORG #4, but I did the others
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M my name
I would like help because I've been collecting the PRS-ORG rewards for months and when I buy it I want to have some packs
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, there was only 1 inside.
EMAIL
but I got 1, I just don’t know which one it was
I have print if you want to see that it was rescued but it is not in the game
By PRS-ORG/ PC
when I recovered it it didn't work because I bought the game yesterday
Brazilian Portuguese: just got one so when I buy it I have some packs
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
On May 31st I bought PRS-ORG coins and I never received them. I asked for a refund for the PRS-ORG and everything was fine on June 2nd. I tried to buy again on June 2nd and I never received my items and I couldn't get a refund. I tried to talk to the support of PRS-ORG and it was denied. I tried to talk to the support of PRS-ORG and they closed my case and said it was concluded (nothing was resolved). I tried again to talk to the support of PRS-ORG and they sent me to an advanced team and nothing was done. Now I am trying to talk to PRS-ORG to solve this. I've been without my item and without my money since the 2nd.
Answer me, please.
Is it not enough that the company offers no support at all?
Yeah I’ve had the problem since the beginning of the month
I've already entered.
and AGR?
my god in heaven
that takes a long time.
I have already done this to fuck you
fuck that shitty company tamejm
I hope you guys get fucked
Brazilian Portuguese: shitty company
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello
Hello
Good afternoon
sorry for the delay
I'm having packet loss, only on PRS-ORG
in no other game
ok
How do I solve it?
:/
He's already decided.
thank you so much &lt;3
Just that, thank you very much my friend
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
My bought PRS-ORG points did not fall
I made the payment and it was debited
Brazilian Portuguese: Even more has not yet fallen in the game
So?
Today
I am seeing it.
I put it to buy the pass
Brazilian Portuguese: No
I always bought directly via the game store
Brazilian Portuguese: And always falls at the same time.
You can't wait 24hrs because the pass will expire
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please provide me with your name?
I am having a problem with the PRS-ORG app
It has been months since the application goes offline and does not show the list of friends.
And that means I can't play with my friends online
I have tried a few firewall steps
I watched several videos about the error
but none worked for me
I will try.
I will have to restart my pc to complete the steps
If it works, I thank you in advance.
Until.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Why can't you create teams at the same level as mine?
It seems like I only play with pro players
It is discouraging.
Right away it happens, it looks like it's on purpose
Yes please
I am not able to play
I play every day, I’m a faithful gamer.
But it happens right away, that's not normal.
The adversaries with bugged plays, using game's glitches
Doing from 2 to 3 touches on the ball and they score
Players of high level, and I'm not
Not thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you indicate your name please?
NAME-M
I am having a problem with PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the steering wheel
and if I take the assistance off during the race I can't turn the car with the wheel
Brazilian Portuguese: he just keeps going even if he turns to one of the sides
Brazilian Portuguese: already with the command the car turns beautifully
I do not know if it may be confusing because of having both devices on (command and wheel)
yes
be quick.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Hi.
NAME-M
I am having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In PRS-ORG I played in PRS-ORG and agr I'm in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account with that of PRS-ORG and logged in to my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the web app of ALPHANUMERICID I started the game thinking that I would be with my PRS-ORG account and continued to play, making dme, opening packs and earning coins.
But, with the release of the ALPHANUMERICID preview from PRS-ORG when I logged into PRS-ORG I realized I was playing on PRS-ORG and I don't have access anymore to this console.
wanted some help with that
although all my progress these days I am not having access
PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
NAME-M
I'm having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In the PRS-ORG I was playing in PRS-ORG and agr I am in the PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already unlinked my PRS-ORG account with the PRS-ORG and logged in my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID web app I started the game thinking I would be with my PRS-ORG account and I continued playing, doing dme, opening packs and winning coins.
However, with the release of the PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERICID preview I logged in to PRS-ORG and realized that I was playing on PRS-ORG and I don't have access to that console anymore.
wanted some help on this
ent with all my progress in these days I am not getting access
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please have your name?
Do you prefer in Portuguese or English?
I acquired the PRS-ORG pro.
This is my 3rd year playing PRS-ORG consecutively.
The game doesn't start.
There seems to be some problem with the PRS-ORG anti-cheat
I’ve already reinstalled the game 3 times, I’ve already ran it as an administrator.
Nothing seems to solve the problem
Thank you.
I have already tried manual installation of the anti-cheat and the installation failed
Okay then, I will wait.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi NAME-M, good evening!
I was making a purchase of PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and the game was coming out at 303 reais in the ultimate version
but I was trying to buy and I wouldn’t go and a time came when it started to give an error saying I had too many purchase attempts
I just tried to do it now because you asked me to wait some time before buying again
Brazilian Portuguese: and the price went up to 341
I would even buy it at that price but I have 305 real together with what I have on the pix and the rest in the PRS-ORG wallet
Um, I understand... so you wouldn't be able to help me in this case?
Brazilian Portuguese: entao
that's right.
I tried to buy in several ways and it kept giving an error
I waited a while
and the price was no longer there.
it was 40 reais more expensive
I do not have the money to make the purchase now
I signed the program for 20 reais and I'm playing it at 20 hours.
but this is ending
I can't buy now because the price has gone up kkk
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please state your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
good afternoon, NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on September 25 through PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I was playing I had a problem with the PRS-ORG.
I was able to solve the problem but I have been trying to open the PRS-ORG for almost 24 hours but it opens in a small black window and then closes right away.
How can you help me?
Do you know if there is anything I can do?
do you have any predictions of when it will be ready?
I understand
Thank you so much for the PRS-ORG service.
I will be waiting for an update on the game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please introduce yourself?
Hello NAME-N, how are you?
I am the NAME-M.
That's right, I was playing yesterday normally!
During a match the game froze and the match ended... since then I can't find opponents anymore.
I talked to some of my colleagues and they said they were finding the opponents with no trouble
Ok, thanks a lot!!!
No opponent was found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears
Oh yes, thank you very much!!!
It helped a lot, I just completed the requested.
I'll try to find an opponent.
The same error appeared
Calm down, if there's something else I can do
Thank you for your willingness.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
I was trying to solve the problem PHONENUMBER
I just talked to NAME-M and even after clearing the cache on the PRS-ORG, checking the internet and restarting my computer the problem persists.
When trying to log in PRS-ORG the following message appears:
Sorry, but an error occurred when connecting to the PRS-TMS.
You will be redirected to the PRS-ORG main menu.
Just the one I mentioned above
And when I manage to get in the game, when I change my team, this message appears:
There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
ai I would like to link to receive PRS-ORG benefits on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I formerly had a linked account from PRS-ORG
however I am with someone else recently
Brazilian Portuguese: but I can’t link
because it says that one already exists
Brazilian Portuguese: but I’ve already unlinked it, it’s been more than 6 months, which is the time limit they set.
EMAIL
OK, I THINK I'M BOUND UP NOW
However, as I had already redeemed myself,
How do I rescue it again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Good morning, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
See if, by kindness, Mr. Can help me.
I have an account that I have been using for over 5 years and I have a lot of points and XP.
My girlfriend set this up to gift me the PRS-ORG edition.
I would like to know if it's possible to unify both accounts.
But is it possible to unify the two accounts?
Why would I use just one?
I have this account that I always use
And this account was created yesterday
It would be enough just to unify the account
If the PRS-ORG goes to my account everything is okay
It's okay.
The progress of the PRS-ORG you refer to, huh?
I don't care.
Is it okay if I start a new game?
I got it.
I appreciate it in any way.
Have a good day.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Likewise
I rent a server at PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG for 29.50 every week, today I went to extend the rental and the "order and pay" screen froze and the game crashed, not the PRS-ORG.
The value was debited from my account, however the server was not extended.
The server rent was not listed, it has already expired, can you help me please?
EMAIL
Thank you, I am waiting
Hey sorry I already talked to PRS-ORG and they told me to talk to you, besides I am seeing that there are online servers
Paid*
Some paid servers are online
PRS-ORG does not want to take responsibility since they say you received the purchase value and confirmed the same.
Recalling that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO THE PRS-ORG.
Hello, once again I come to ask you to validate my account.
The return time you have offered has already passed by 2 days, and I am politely waiting for you.
However, I have money to withdraw and I am unable to do it, and I would appreciate some attention and quick resolution.
Sincerely,
NAME-F
I hope that helps, because lately I have not had this from you, unfortunately.
I hope you are different!
Thank you NAME-M.
But the deadline has already expired and I would appreciate your attention!
Everything was sent correctly and in due form.
I understand the safety rules and I agree with them, but I'm being disadvantaged on this issue.
Thank you, but I've already received that message from you this week.
I'm still waiting.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello good night, everything good?
I am trying to open the PRS-T1 game but it does not start on my computer and gives me an error:
Check your connection, and try again later
but it is connected
and my pc meets all the minimum requirements
EMAIL
is a trial version linked to the pc's PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you tell me your name, please?
My name is NAME-M
NAME-M, I am fine.
Thanks. I have PRS-ORG which gives me access to the PRS-ORG library.
Correct?
I play through PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how to play PRS-ORG, since I can't find it in PRS-ORG's catalog.
I access the PRS-ORG games via the PRS-ORG website.
But, I don't find there the ALPHANUMERICID
A friend of mine said that I can play PRS-ORG because I have the PRS-ORG.
But, is this just for those who have the console or can I play via PRS-ORG, through the browser (PRS-ORG)?
I'll try to simplify: I'm a PRS-ORG subscriber.
Do I have to own a PRS-ORG console to play games on PRS-ORG?
Or can I play it through PRS-ORG, using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I please know your name?
Hello NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I'm talking to PRS-ORG
He asked me to attach a picture to the case, but I think I just opened a new one
Oh, well then, the problem is being seen already
Then I think that if I speak again it will cause confusion.
I will finish up the chat here
For now, no thanks, thanks a lot!
Portuguese: the conquest PRS-ORG n libera
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG win does not free
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, may I ask for your name please?
For the love of God, release my conquest, I've been playing for 91 hours and the game is bugged
I'll cry my lord.
Brazilian Portuguese: even though I was meeting the requirements
Brazilian Portuguese: with 91 hours of gameplay
please help me
kkkk
hello
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-F.
To start off, could you please tell me your name?
I would like to know if in the new PRS-ORG update the problem of only running in safe mode was resolved.
in the PRS-ORG
not
it was
To solve this I had to install PRS-TNG again
but I want to go back to PRS-ORG and for that I need to know if the problem was resolved with the new update
but was it a problem with the security mode?
I am asking this because I will need to format the pc, please confirm that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start off with, may I ask you to state your name please?
wagner
I spent a resource on the PRS-ORG but I cannot use it
I spent 20 stars moments
in a token
but there is no way to exchange it
and the game doesn't say anything about it
Wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you!
I'm having difficulty playing The PRS-ORG
I own the 64-bit Metal version for MacOS
The game runs super well on the computer, even with the graphics in maximum definition.
However, the game suddenly ended
Without presenting an error or anything like that
Just close it
Look, that's actually all of the information.
The game during execution only closes, without showing anything after that.
The game works well.
It only closes during the match
Sometimes it closes 10 minutes after playing, sometimes 1 hour later.
There isn't a rule
Thanks for your attention, NAME-F
Just that today
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I'm having problems launching the game
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile, the screen turns black and closes
I can log in
I meant the profile inside the game
EMAIL
I will try this method
If it fails, I'll come back here!
Brazilian Portuguese: But thank you very much so far
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Hello, NAME-M
I am having a problem connecting to the servers.
I am connected to PRS-ORG's servers.
It's asking me to reset the password and I already did it
Brazilian Portuguese: And it does not accept to connect
Brazilian Portuguese: No
The problem is in the connection with the PRS-ORG in the game of the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I'm well, thank you, and you?
Pleasure is mine.
So, my the PRS-ORG updated normally on the 14th if I’m not mistaken, when they released the baby on the shoulder in the game.
The items for them appear there, but in the CAS, this stage does not count.
It is common to see babies, children, etc.
This, the life stage itself does not appear.
I have tried to reinstall the game but it still does not recognize the PRS-ORG stage.
As attached in the image.
I understand!
Thanks for clarifying!
That was all, thanks!
Have a good afternoon
Thank you, take care of yourself NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
can you see my previous conversations with other PRS-ORG counsellors?
it helped a lot...
right
NAME-F I tried one where I had to install the PRS-ORG
another one was to clean up the cache
one was to either opt in or opt out of running in administrator mode
another one had to do with background applications
NAME-F I have been with this problem for 3/4 days.
hi?
You're going to get screwed because of this shitty server, damn, greedy company, buy a better server, you fucking assholes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, may I have your name please?
Lost match because of the trash server, take time to execute commands
son of a bitch
If you can't handle a swear word, you're in the wrong line of work
Brazilian Portuguese: and you'll get into trouble
It's going to fuse
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot?
I bought PRS-ORG today and when I tried to play it made me connect an account, create one or just log in to one that already exists
the issue is that I can't connect and create
and would love to play
NAME-M Yes, good to know you are human
Nice to meet you, NAME-M!!!
This
I can not connect online
is it possible that the game is very old?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I made the 90+ icon dme those days, I went looking to open it in the console and it's not there
possibly only shows up in the companion app
I already restarted the console and everything
I checked here now and it appeared again
Brazilian Portuguese: it was not even restarting, it just appeared out of nowhere, I had already made a case about it
NAME-M I think they solved the problem
NAME-M, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I need to know if a correction has already been scheduled for the PRS-ORG mode.
The friendly matches just stopped working.
He presents an error when trying to play a friendly, saying the opponent abandoned the game.
This has been occurring since 05/12.
Brazilian Portuguese: URL
In this link you can see the error.
Detail, this is a global level (since this video is not Brazilian), but it is exactly the same error.
It is happening across all platforms
In summary, yes.
PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, just that.
Thank you !
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I am fine and how are you?
This, I still can't.
However, I understood that I have to wait
I would like to know if meanwhile, you can not help me to open on Webapp
Brazilian Portuguese: at least already having something to do
Oh, yes
My doubt is:
I can only access the Webapp after having opened the game at least 1 time
as the game is not opening due to an error with Anti Cheat
would I have to enable it for me to open the webapp before the game to fix this issue?
No, thanks
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
I have an account with PRS-ORG and am having problems logging in
That's right
It says: "Your credentials are incorrect or expired.
Try again or reset your password."
When I click reset password, I get "We couldn't find your PRS-ORG account."
But I am trying to log in via the PRS-ORG software
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I bought the Star pass yesterday with 1000 PRS-ORG points, but so far it hasn’t been released in my account, but my PRS-ORG points were credited
I want to know what you will do about this
Why can’t I be defrauded that way?
But I don’t want refund of the PRS-ORG points
I only want the pass released
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have a problem with the draft for a player, I played two games and then I couldn't start the third.
The following error appears: There was a problem communicating with PRS-ORG servers.
Please try again later.
I would like you to restart my draft manually if possible.
I have been with this error for 3 days already
Can I restart my draft manually?
I think this is the only way to solve my problem.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening friend.
I have not played since early on.
Brazilian Portuguese: whenever the match is over, there is an error
I already called support here twice and they didn't solve my problem
PRS-ORG servers are not able to process the request at this time.
from this mistake ai
whenever the match ends I feel as if I’ve settled the match and I lose 3x0
wanted to play
kkk
more blz
you guys have to take out that soft ban there at the token exchange event since the match ends with whoever scores the first goal
Brazilian Portuguese: era so isso mesmo
thank you
send some tokens there for the inconvenience
of that strength haha
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I'm having problems, I got in touch earlier today to try and solve the problem, I was given some options and I couldn't solve it
Brazilian Portuguese: and the situation got worse.
I need help.
I can't play the PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: 23
cf
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: the first mistake
is the PRS-ORG app.
the app was unable to connect to the servers.
NAME-M the PRS-ORG usually
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG manages to connect to the servers
but when I try to play a match on any mode of PRS-ORG it disconnects and exits the mode
Will NAME-M stay open?
I have the chat on the PC that I play on
Good evening,
I bought a book on the PRS-ORG store and after starting to read it, I noticed that the book is in PT-BR and not PT-PT, which was the one I wanted.
Unfortunately in your store they don't make a distinction, but in reading it makes a lot of difference.
The book was “Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice” by NAME-F & NAME-F and I want the book returned or exchanged for one in Portuguese.
I await contact from you.
Sincerely,
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
By the way, is there any option that will let me verify if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
I leave the suggestion for your improvement!
Thanks for the help
Good morning
Hello
I have a question about rollover.
What appears on the cashout tab and what I was informed in my email is the casino rollover.
However I went for the sports promotion and only bet on sports so far
Can you see that?
Ah, right.
I'm asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
If I really hit the rollover, can I already do it?
Thank you very much
I'm waiting for the e-mail
Just that
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and I did not receive the PRS-ORG points
Synchronizing the PRS-ORG with your PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and there's nothing there
Minutes.
In the other versions it came before.
Forgiveness
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Thawan
Nice to meet you.
I don't know if I am in the correct channel but I have a doubt.
I have been playing PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today they launched the futweb app.
When I try to sign in at futweb, it says my account does not have a team in PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG, however if I don't have a team, how can I have played PRS-ORG?
Why can't I access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that
Now everything becomes better explained.
That is all, NAME-M.
Thank you for your information and help
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
I cannot log in to my PRS-T1 account even though I have changed the password
EMAIL
I have received it, and now?
What now?
** Brazilian Portuguese:**
The code is 535067
ok
Reset the password
okay, I'll do it now
gave the same error.
Now it's over
With the correct username.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having a problem with playing my game on the PC, and I have not been able to solve it for almost a week now.
I would like a refund if I can't play
I bought the game and when I start, it says my PC is pirated.
Being that my pc is new
And I don't use that kind of thing.
I would like a solution or my money back.
Correct
I bought more and I can't start my game.
Make an error 117
I would like to know if I can play, if it does not solve and the best refund.
Because I paid dearly in the game
But I do not even have the game cache because I bought it and I can not start it
I have already tried this procedure.
How do I make it so that it won't happen?
Why I have already tried in various ways.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
I am not able to access my companion app because it asks for an email verification and the email doesn't reach my inbox
I already checked in the spam folder and nothing.
I have asked several times to be sent it again and it has not arrived
The option to verify by the app is not working either
Even in the PRS-ORG account itself I can not access the site
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good afternoon.
I logged into my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends but the game is not available to play.
It shows how if I had to buy again
But I already bought it, in 2015.
The value of R$199.00 is displayed.
That's right.
Is there nothing else I can do but wait?
NAME-M, thank you for your help.
I will try to start from the .exe file and wait for the problem to be solved
There is not another one, it was just that one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello NAME-M good evening.
How are you?
My name is NAME-M
You're welcome.
The pleasure is all mine.
So, a few years ago, I was given the SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition as a gift on a CD.
Brazilian Portuguese: The edition with the 2 CDs, currently I am trying to install the same on my new notebook, but I can not because it is not compatible with the PRS-ORG, it does not start on the CD.
I tried to add it to my PRS-ORG Game Library but got a code is invalid message
I would like to recover it in order to at least be able to install it through PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, since it is no longer compatible via CD
Yes, I still have the original 2 CDs and the license code for it
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I can't buy anything in the transfer market through the Web App
The following message appears:
An error occurred while trying to complete the search.
Try again in a few seconds.
No, only when trying to purchase.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
hello.
I have a problem with PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the game opens the PRS-ORG, opens the PRS-ORG launcher
I click on play.
Brazilian Portuguese: and nothing happens
literally nothing
I already contacted them before and they told me to follow some steps
I did everything however the same result
EMAIL
thank you
Previously, a dll error appeared with the code ALPHANUMERICID
I downloaded the dll that I needed and placed it
there has been no error since then
but the game also never starts
if you don't solve it I will contact you again, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you introduce yourself by name, please?
NAME-M
My promotion goals for PRS-ORG haven't updated in-game
This is impeding me from completing the whole track and getting the rewards
The promotion has had its letters updated yesterday
The objects did not go out yesterday.
Some friends had their targets released today at 11:30 Horario Br
And my one didn’t update
With this I can't complete the route.
OK
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG alphanumeric
This is happening
Why are the goals not available
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Hello!
My name is NAME-M, good night
I need help please
Brazilian Portuguese: Jogo PRS-ORG no PRS-ORG.
I can't get LINE to work at all.
A qr code appears asking to reset the password for the PRS-ORG account, but even though I do that, it does not work.
Of course.
EMAIL
I would like to report that I am unable to download any games from PRS-ORG.
It automatically pauses and gives an error
No.
Via the PRS-ORG app and the PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
He pauses the download progress and it takes a while for him to get back
I would like to know what I should do to solve this problem.
I want to play PRS-ORG games on my computer
I already did this procedure and it did not work at all
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Good evening,
My name is NAME-F
Thanks :)
So, I have 3 dlc CDs to the PRS-ORG and the basic game, it is quite old and was bought in the USA.
When I tried to install it a few months ago, it did not work and said it needed an update, but I could never find this update online.
I thought about looking to buy the game online somewhere, but I noticed that PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore, is there any way to buy it somehow?
In the computer where I am now, I do not have a CD reader so I can not start the installation to be able to show the print of what happens :(
But if necessary, I can send a photo of the CDs.
Wow, it's still a much sought-after game, how sad :(
Okay, thank you for your reply
Have a good night :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My game doesn't open.
I did the step-by-step that the guy sent me
But n doesn't work
Would you like to access my PC via Team Viewer?
I can't take it any more, I've tried everything
Almost asking for a refund, but I wanted to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
Brazilian Portuguese: It opens everything black and closes
But my PRS-ORG doesn't freeze
Only the game that doesn't open
Do you want to connect by team viewer?
It can be something that is lacking in the pc or it does not open
However, I've already done several things and it doesn't resolve
Hello.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
I am not able to purchase PRS-ORG
it's giving an error
I am not able to buy the PRS-ORG
Unable to process your request.
Your request could not be processed at this time due to an issue with your indicated payment method.
Use a different payment method to complete your order, or try again later.
Portuguese (Brazil): oi
I can only pay via pix.
Signed in*
Good afternoon, is the platform down?
I am trying to use it and it doesn't open any casino games, it stays on a black screen, I accessed another platform and it runs normally.
I am trying to use the platform and it will not open any game.
I already cleaned data and cash and nothing.
I restarted my phone and it won't boot
I have never had a problem operating the talisman
Are you aware of any instability in your system?
Just that
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, now very bad, I made the pre-purchase of PRS-ORG, and only now did I see that it was in my incorrect PRS-ORG account
I bought it on EMAIL
the one I used on PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG was on EMAIL
i was already even using the web app
I was using it in PRS-ORG, but bought it this time directly from PRS-ORG
which was associated with the account PRS-ORG
I am very sad.
that's why it didn't appear
I use the (EMAIL) account as my primary one since 2020
I'm already using the web app prs-org on it and everything
Plus the refund as it appears on the card?
You can then cancel
I don't know if I will have time limit to play after reimbursement at launch time
very sad
Brazilian Portuguese: só*
Just this thanks
Good afternoon
Saque
My dear this is a lack of respect with the customer, I requested a withdrawal of one thousand real first than the one of 200 reais, the one of 200 reais fell first than the one of 1000
I have been talking since this morning and the feature does nothing but crash
Since last night, which is why I'm stopping from playing here, PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay on time.
Sad
I like the site and the platform, but every time we win it takes an eternity to receive our winnings.
Brazilian Portuguese: Pix is now something that is too fast
I am in an engagement waiting since the morning to be resolved.
Waiting for the resource that is mine, I won by losing sleep and investing my money
It's in English, friend
My God
I do not believe it
That is why I am stopping
I will receive it and I will speak with the people on the channel about it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help to refund a recurring purchase I made, the same has already entered my card...
Could you help me?
Yes!
My email is EMAIL
Just one minute while I get the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I'm not mistaken.
Check digit: 635822
I made two purchases and I wanted to cancel only one if possible... because the game is already being downloaded.
Thank you so much!
That was the problem I wanted to solve.
Thank you in advance!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and I have been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a campaign at 41% completed, but my wife started playing another game and so as not to disturb her, I decided to install the same game using the same account on the PC, but my save does not appear, even if I am using the exact same user.
What am I doing wrong?
Then, even using the same account, I can't enjoy the save?
Do I need to start completely from scratch?
But we aren't running a save to the cloud?
NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope that this will progress as it would be very useful to us players.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I am writing a text with my case
So, I have been playing PRS-ORG for a few years, however I have never played online, I bought PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG and I decided to play PRS-ORG, these days I was trying to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and I realized that I had no access and was not aware of the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
I have access to the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
The account I am talking about is right here, I managed to access it with PRS-ORG
However, I'm afraid of losing it because I do not know the email of the PRS-ORG account
And that is why I also can't link the account to PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I have updated the application on my PRS-ORG, but I can't log in to my account on the PRS-ORG.
Could you please help me?
EMAIL
I used to use PRS-ORG reads from livaria cultura
because well.. I'll try again but it gives an invalid password
Brazilian Portuguese: now it looks like it was.
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please provide your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening
my name is NAME-M
I have ultimate version of Bf 2042, my 3.3 update reward is not in the game
more or less
my reward is gone
Brazilian Portuguese: no
Brazilian Portuguese: is the reward of the 3.3 update
Brazilian Portuguese: the one of March
Brazilian Portuguese: 8th of March, to be exact
thanks girl
Is there a forecast?
no, not
Brazilian Portuguese: have a good night
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please provide me your name?
NAME-M
i have a question i played in PRS-ORG but now im thinking of buying the game for pc
my question is
And about 23
because I would like to know if I have to buy the x23 for the PRS-ORG or if I have to buy it for the PC
I keep my PRS-ORG stuff
okey thanks
I wait.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Can I play with my PRS-ORG PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG?
It is not that.
I would like to use the PRS-ORG account I have on PRS-ORG
on another device via PRS-ORG
ok but please answer the previous question
ok shitty clown
sorry
I was mistaken.
I don't need anything else, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, I just got in touch.
Then I went to PRS-ORG and they asked me to come back again
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yes
if you want I'll repeat the messages
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi, I just got in touch.
Then I went to the PRS-ORG and they told me to go back again.
I just want to remake the request I made, which was cancelled without even trying to charge my nubank card
Brazilian Portuguese: and I am just trying it here, because for some reason, right after I tried buying it again, the store charged me 166 instead of 149 reais... at the same time!
I want to keep the price and pay, whether by pix, by cartao, as you prefer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Is ALPHANUMERICID OK?
I am doing a new update of PRS-T3 on the PC
However, she concludes, it appears that the update ended and then appears to update again
Before starting the chat, I attached 03 prints of my screen, I do not know if you can view them
That, correct
Even after completing, it asks again and does not open the game.
I have already uninstalled and re-installed the game, but to no avail.
Alright, I appreciate your help.
How do I clean it?
I am doing it already, one minute
It worked!!!
Thank you very much!!
I didn't know how to clean the cache on the app.
:NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
I want a phone number to call and speak to someone
What they are doing to my account is unexplainable
Game after game playing against the handicap
and the crappy script of PRS-ORG
It is unacceptable, completely unacceptable
Brazilian Portuguese: this number is working,
Says not available
They already gave me that number and it never works
Can you solve this?
Brazilian Portuguese: it is absurd
It's disgusting to play this game at this point, it's really impossible.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, look.
I have reached the limit of creating clubs in PRS-ORG and I wonder if you could give me some more attempts to delete my club.
I talked to an advisor before.
My account I use for playing is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much.
That was the problem.
Thank you very much
I bought the books alicerce do Paraíso, downloaded the app, opened the book on Sunday, this morning I entered the app but it wouldn't open the book's content, I updated the app and now it says that my email wasn't found.
I request immediate regularization or return of my payment.
Please return to me in this email.
EMAIL
Buy 07.03 and 4 books Alicerce do Paraiso
Thank you NAME-M, the same to you
I was talking to NAME-M and it crashed
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I am from PRS-ORG and I am not able to log into PRS-ORG
Every time at this time the servers for PRS-ORG go offline
End of PRS-ORG and the servers are not able to support the users, you should urgently put more server in Brazil
I can't log in to PRS-ORG
It is reported that the server is loud
Lamentable
As a consumer, I am frustrated and hesitant to use the PRS-ORG
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Olá, it was me who was talking with one of the attendants and I ended up losing the contact
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to ask for a refund of the PRS-ORG expansion
My email is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it because I needed the money to pay for other things
Hello?
Yes
I do
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First of all, please can you tell me your name?
NAME-M
My expansions I bought are not working
Some unlocked items have disappeared
EMAIL
Target detector
Weapon unlocked.
Really disappointing
PRS-ORG
Do you not have it?
Purchases made by the user?
Will I have to prove that I bought it?
If I have already played
What images do I send
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
the ALPHANUMERICID's save game is not working
I did the entire procedure you sent me yesterday and the error still persists
Every time I open the game it's like it's the first time.
yes but also loses the control configuration
Brazilian Portuguese: The choice of the club
everything
Brazilian Portuguese: including progress
and stopped at the end of December doing everything to fix this problem but unsuccessfully
I even formatted the PC and installed it from scratch and it did not solve it
I checked on forums and it seems to be a problem that is affecting many people.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, please, can you state your name?
Hi, please help me to reset my PRS-ORG password.
EMAIL
I see how long you can delay.
Can I know if your parents are dead?
His mother is a bitch and gave birth to something like you.
brazilian portuguese: you should go to ukraine to catch the russian bomb, fuck your mother
bitchy talk
I asked if your mother had died and how she gave birth to something like you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, may I know your name please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account, the site errors out and I can't do it.
how to solve this
Yes, whenever I try the site I get an error and can't access it
I click on the connect to PRS-ORG account button and when I am redirected to the site, it says that an error occurred and that my request could not be completed
Brazilian Portuguese: it's still there
NAME-N
that's the gamertag of the account that I want to access
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
I have problems.
I bought Aston Martin Package (PRS-ORG)
and the product doesn't show up to use in the app
in the game
Brazilian Portuguese: 15/09/2022
when I enter the package as if I were to acquire it again, it says that the package is already yours
I can not use it anymore
ok
I'm going to try these tips
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, how are you doing?
I would like help on the dme of the prs-org
I started making the dme but it requires cards that are out of packs and extinct in the market
I have already done 13 parts of dme and now I can't do the rest
I don't think it is fair to the players to keep a car as expensive that is impossible to drive
I would like to have the players back or receive the missing ones, in this case the captains of PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: Cast Assembly Challenge
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
Hi!
my name is NAME-M
The pleasure is all mine!
So, my problem is I'm not able to purchase my PRS-ORG points.
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the wallet of PRS-ORG
but I press to buy within the game and the purchase just does not happen
my money does not leave PRS-ORG and nor does the PRS-ORG points appear
how do we solve this?
No error message appears, simply asks me to wait and nothing else happens
only returns to the store without any PRS-ORG points and with the money still in the PRS-ORG wallet
okay, thank you very much!
I will try and if it does not resolve I will be back here again
No, that's all!
thank you very much
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I ask your name please?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my account from my PRS-T1 mobile
How to revert?
It's a bit sad
Is it yours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Good morning
My name is NAME-M
I am having problems starting the PRS-ORG
my problem is when I start the PRS-ORG, my screen freezes and I can't do anything else
I have to restart the pc
and I try again and it still happens, I've uninstalled the game and installed it again and it still happens...
When I enter the PRS-ORG App and try to start the game my computer freezes
and I have to restart my pc by the button
It does not show any error
just my screen gets frozen
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Hacked my account, sold my players and coins
I just want my pf coins
I have already changed my password and activated the two-step code, I just want the coins
Someone else has already helped me change my password and turn on two-step verification
I just want the coins
I just want my coins back
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I am unable to play my Solo Draft.
I make mistakes every day.
What is happening?
Several complaints from other users
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
EMAIL
Yes
my name is NAME-M
So, I play PRS-ORG on my PC and here the game does not open anymore
Brazilian Portuguese: dps of the update earlier today
Brazilian Portuguese: the game stopped opening
That doesn’t work at all
I am being prejudiced in the totys event, PRS-ORG needs to take action on this
The game does not open, I have been trying to enter the game since 13h
until the early morning, everything was fine, working normally
And so, the fact that I can't get into the game to play, farm packs, etc. is hurting me in the event
and I am not the only one going through this, many people who play on the PC are going through the same situation
Yes, before this anti-cheat problem I could only solve it by reinstalling the anti-cheat
but from today, it can no longer be resolved
I've tried everything, and the game won't open
it always continues giving the same error
ok, thank you very much
Good afternoon.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you tell me your name, please?
I would like to report an error.
Yesterday night I was playing PRS-ORG and I joined a PRS-ORG draft match
I won the game and it didn't count as a win.
I would like to know if there is any type of compensation/refund possible
Okay, thank you
After that I played another match which I lost
And also did not count it as defeat
Thus, I believe that tejha was indeed a bug.
How so?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
I am indeed obliged, I have a discount code for the game
which I earned when I answered a survey
but I cannot redeem this code
which gave me a R$29,00 discount
this research was done within the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and the search appeared
I answered everything and at the end I won this code
Brazilian Portuguese: when I finished the purchase there was an error and I was not able to finalize it
with this I can't use the code
This is the code I won ALPHANUMERICID
this is the order number that gave the error PHONENUMBER
I was given this code last week.
I made the request and it gave an error on 19/01
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Hello, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M
I call*
So, today I was going to do the dme pp to dme de icon on the PRS-ORG and I ended up choosing the wrong card by mistake.
I wanted to know if you would be able to help me.
Veio um blanc 89 é um kaka 89 era pra ter pego o kaka e acabei pegando o blanc
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG player pick de icon
Correct
Putz… everything is alright.
Not only that msm
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
opa
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening, my name is NAME-M
I’m having trouble connecting to my PRS-ORG account on the PRS-ORG app by PC, and when I finally get in, it doesn’t load my games, I can’t open the PRS-ORG
thanks, I hope you're doing well too !
Yes, I can't connect
ok ok, thank you very much and good work!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I ask your name please?
My name is Indian Nojento
I can't handle this game anymore.
Where are you?
Answer, you dickhead
How do you manage to be so incompetent you can't type up a crappy script note in less than 5 minutes?
Is basic education in India so bad?
You are going to take a bath there in the fucking Ganges
Casino
Any response please
I lost my real money and I was playing with bonus but it only let me bet up to 25
Good afternoon the bet limit is and will only be up to 25 with the bonus I cannot increase it
Look at the msg I sent
I have been playing with the bonus and you are letting me bet up to 25.
Why is this
And how much do I have to bet to be able to withdraw?
Ok
Any response
You do not solve anything
How much is left that I bet p
Release my payout
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name, please?
Availability of PRS-ORG
It does not let you download the game by giving it unavailable to buy
Platform PRS-ORG
In PRS-ORG plus
I am trying to buy the game
He's saying I don't have an account at PRS-ORG when I do
It's giving unavailable
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Devender, I was in the match earlier but the match crashed and after that I can't get into ultimate team
It seems there has been an error and you will be brought back to the main menu
Image is in the attached file
Save me please kkkk
Wow, is it possible to correct ?
How good!!
Do you think I can play again today?
Is there a forecast?
To go back
It would only be that
Beauty then
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
opa
my granddaughter had crashed
Brazilian Portuguese: when I am going to manage my account it asks for an email, when I go to check that email it does not exist, I never entered an email that starts with e
i can't confirm the email and modify my account
it's more or less like that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I had already opened a call regarding the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the non-delivery of the material.
I have made the prints you requested and would like to know where to send it?
I have already attached the TB here.
I bought at the mall inside the PRS-ORG
As the image above shows, debt in my PRS-ORG account.
When it comes to selling the game it's easy to solve...
The time you solve problems...
It's playing for each other
How to get in touch?
How to contact PRS-ORG support
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Good day NAME-N
I've been 5 days without access to the game PRS-ORG
NAME-N stays on the screen (connecting to the service )
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: code ALPHANUMERICID
error connecting to server
which
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F is an internet technician and everything is normal here
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG, I already uninstalled and installed again NAME-F, the pc and it didn't help
NAME-F I tried this step by step.
if necessary you can delete my game progress saved to start over
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please indicate your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I am fine
Look, I'm having a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an e-mail that I no longer have access to
I was able to log onto the PRS-ORG website with that account.
But I would like to make an account in the companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, and what about you?
Thank you.
So, my contact is because of a difficulty I have.
I own two consoles sharing the same PRS-ORG account but I would like to detach one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
After unlinking the PRS-ORG account from this console, will I be able to create a new account for it?
My gamertag on PRS-ORG is NAME-N
So you no longer have any connection to the PRS-ORG?
Thank you NAME-M, you helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Good evening, NAME-M
I am not able to get online on my PRS-ORG 18 in the PRS-ORG
The following message appears: "We are sorry, but at the moment the PRS-ORG Servers are inoperative.
We are trying to fix this problem.
Please try again later.”
this has been happening for many days
I mean, months
It's hard to believe.
It’s been months already.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
thank you , I am fine , I linked my account on facebook and was not receiving the token in the game
and there's only 2 hours left to get that token
it was actually on youtube
I wrote wrong.
I linked it through you tube and I didn't get the token
EMAIL
the game account is the same as the youtube one
ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and still can't play it
After the opening screen, where it says "press any button" I press it and it freezes
Brazilian Portuguese: Freezes and won't come out.
I keep trying to fix the game and trying again but it won't work
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good night NAME-N
BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE: NAME-M, my name
I made the DME of icon selection on 01/25 but I received a single icon pack
In the PRS-ORG, I noticed that some people are already receiving the correct package and I would like some information
My email is EMAIL
Can you confirm?
Will they receive what?
What is Player Pic?
What page of the PRS-ORG can I follow?
There's nothing on that page
Just a lot of complaints for the same reason
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am well, thanks to God and with you, NAME-N ?
My game does not load and an error message appears
I have already uninstalled and installed 2 times.
And it continues to persist.
Unknown error, an unexpected error occurred.
Try again.
This message appears on the login screen.
Ok
Everything is all right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you tell me your name, please?
Good morning
I would like to try to recover an old PRS-ORG account
from which I no longer have access to the e-mail
I had the following email: EMAIL
However, some time ago I changed that domain to EMAIL
And everything that was linked to it has stopped arriving in the new domain.
One replaced the other
The registered email address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I am having trouble to log into the game
I even manage to connect on the PRS-ORG site, but I can't connect to the game
Says q my email is invalid
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
Good morning 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing alone in the middle of the games, I have already deleted the game and installed it again and the problem still continues .
I'm not able to play PRS-ORG
I have already lost some 5 matches in the PRS-ORG with this problem.
Nothing appears on the screen and the game simply closes
Brazilian Portuguese: Sometimes the game freezes and closes on its own, and sometimes it closes out of nowhere.
I have already deleted the game and reinstalled it, I have restarted my PRS-ORG you will be x of the factory because I thought it was the video game, but only PRS-ORG is closing this way
Especially in matches of PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
Opa
So, I want to know how do I unsubscribe from my packages
So.
But we can’t have PRS-ORG anymore
Only the PRS-ORG app
I only have the PRS-ORG APP
I can't access the book that I bought on 01/21.
I have already created the account, but it's not possible to complete the process. The system does not accept the passwords that I enter.
I kindly ask for guidance regarding a cancellation, as I was unable to complete this on the website either.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 14/01/2021
The divine code of life
Please the refund
Please.
How can I do without going through the website?
I paid by credit card.
If I do not receive the e-mail, what should I do?
Is there an email I can report to?
Ok, I am waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
They just hacked my account, I contacted you, I was robbed, I lost my team, my coins and even PRS-ORG sent a message saying that I am distributing coins, only they can be playing a joke with me
Not at all, since I distribute coins, how could I block all the accounts that bought from my account?
At least everything that was listed tonight
How would I know that?
Yes
Currencies
Brazilian Portuguese: Players
I played 1 match of rivals close to 19:00
Ok
Tomorrow I will contact you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good day
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N my name
on 02 I requested a refund for PRS-ORG but it hasn't been updated or there was an email confirming it.
nada do tipo
this is the request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any feedback?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
my PRS-ORG App is not updating at the speed the internet provides
Brazilian Portuguese: is far below normal
in this case the problem is to update the game via the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, could you please tell me your name?
My prime gamer package of PRS-ORG I can not receive
I am called NAME-M
About ultimete tem da primegamer package
Each month, one is available for linked accounts.
This month I didn’t receive
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND #PRS_ORG# DOESN'T LET ME ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
THE NEUROSCIENCE OF HAPPINESS
I NEVER BOUGHT, IT WAS MY FIRST E-BOOK
MY FIRST
PURCHASE
Zip Code?
What is postal code?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: CEP #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
REGION ON WHICH APPLIANCE?
#PRS_ORG#
I am not sure of the email.
WHICH I USED ON ACCOUNT #PRS_ORG#..
I was able to access the account #PRS_ORG#
however, on the right corner, after clicking on login I couldn’t find the link for #PRS_ORG#
I can't locate the book I bought.
Hello #NAME#
was talking to his colleague
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: around the 05/01
was the only purchase, I did through #PRS_ORG#.
A msg appears saying that the book has been integrated into #PRS_ORG#
I went to access this app and there is nothing there
you who knows.
The person said that they were going to send a book to my account and I was supposed to tell them which book
ok
how do I do it
I bought the #PRS_ORG# e-book on the #PRS_ORG# website, which acknowledges payment on 28/12/20, but it was not made available in my #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
The purchase was made on 28/12.
Prior to that, the last book I bought was O Reacionário by #NAME#
12/28/#NUMBER#, but the book was not added to my library.
Of course.
#PRS_ORG#
Correct.
Either on my reader or on the computer, I didn't understand the question.
Yes, wait a moment.
okay, I'm sending the attachment now.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check.
Okay!
Received, thank you very much.
No, everything is fine.
Yes, I will.
I'm not able to open my book.
#EMAIL#
Jesus is the inspiration for luminous relationships.
He is in the ebook, but when you click on it, it does not open and gives an error.
That
Not it keeps turning then it closes and orange stays behind it
Brazilian Portuguese: No
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Not
I don't have
Sorry is another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I don’t see him anymore.
And now?
It does not appear.
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I did.
Yes
He is downloading
It is done, thank you
Not thanks for solving the problem.
Good day, I am constantly having trouble accessing my account on #PRS_ORG#!
I enter the username and password correctly, but the following message appears: "We didn't find an account with this email address or password.
Check if you typed it correctly."
ok
#EMAIL#
I think it was the book #PRS_ORG#
That
ok, I am waiting
In the #PRS_ORG# software, installed in my desktop(notebook), I log in with my login and password and the message appears: "We did not find an account with this e-mail address or password.
Check if you have correctly typed in the information."
The login and password that I once used and I could access the account!
And so, what procedure should we follow to correct the problem?
Yesterday night I accessed directly via #PRS_ORG# and I managed to access, today I tried to access and I cannot!
I accessed via #PRS_ORG# yesterday and now I can't!
What’s going on?
Brazilian Portuguese: an instant that I'm going to try
okay, I got it.
thank you
Calm down, it's all okay!
Thanks.
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
EXMOS.
Dear Sir,
I've never had any problems buying any books.
BUT NOW I HAVE CHANGED THE CARD PARA-VISA PREPAID-E AND I HAVE MADE A MISTAKE.
WHAT COULD BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...FROM #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE:" Oops, an error has occurred!
REVIEW YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE DATA ARE CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE AT #PRS_ORG# AND IT WENT WELL
YES IT IS ACTIVE AND HAS A BALANCE
I AM AT #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I opened the anonymous window and it's still the same.
IT SAYS THAT IT MAKES A MISTAKE.
OK
Hello, I bought five books on #PRS_ORG# but three of them do not appear in the account.
They have already tried to help me, but as it wasn't possible, they asked that I came to you.
#EMAIL#
I made the purchase on January 20
But for #PRS_ORG#
It was not directly through the #PRS_ORG# application
I'm doing this
They remain unappeared
Left
And now?
Hello
I am
VOu will log in
I logged into my Cultura account
The missing books did not show up
#PRS_ORG#
okay
It didn't solve the problem.
Yes
Even the people at the bookstore accessed my account and tried to manually include the books, but they still could not.
OK
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER# requested #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE MYSTERY OF #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
Those are the ones who didn't make it
It worked!
They're already popping up here
Brazilian Portuguese: Yes, they do exist.
Thank you very much.
Hello
I need nothing else. I appreciate it.
Hello, good afternoon.
My computer no longer recognizes my #PRS_ORG#.
We tested it on three different computers, including different cables too.
What could it be?
Thank you.
#EMAIL#
I can't remember..
Can you help me without this date?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Oh, I didn’t understand.
It started about a month ago more or less.
Mine is #PRS_ORG#
Imagine.
Yes, it is. It's also charging normally when it is connected to the cable
This
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I don't understand.
Is it for me to keep trying with the cable?
I've even done the reset and it still didn't work
Is there any assistance I can go to?
Is it common for this to happen?
Why have I already tried it with all the cables in my house and nothing?
I also did the reset, and nothing.
Do you have any phone I can talk on?
Or some technical support?
Just online?
But it's that these instructions have stopped working... I would like someone to see my e-reader.
I’ll keep trying, but it doesn’t seem like it’s going to work “out of the blue” again.
Okay.
Thank you then.
I will see what I can do and get back to you...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
We had a problem and we are unable to load this page at the moment.
Please try again later.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
There was an issue and it is currently not possible to load this page.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
yesterday and today's first purchase attempt
on the #PRS_ORG# app on android 9, in #PRS_ORG# on android 9
I also tried it in Chrome on #PRS_ORG#
not
Transaction in progress...
stays a long time in this message
Brazilian Portuguese: and then gives the error
yes
it's taking too long as well
I bought a card of 10€
I scratched the card pin
Brazilian Portuguese: ok I already edited it
I'll try to buy it.
ok it worked
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
you have already checked out
thank you.
Goodbye.
it's just yourself
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon
I was talking to another operator and the chat was disconnected
#EMAIL#
I bought the book "coisas de gabriel " in the bookstore #PRS_ORG# on 14/01
But he doesn’t show up here in #PRS_ORG#
Ok.
I am waiting.
Okay
Okay.
Thank you
I am finding this strange as I bought 2 books in the same order.
A ebook and a physical copy.
And they just sent me the NF of the physical, along with the physical book.
I went to the culture website and the ebook is there in the request
And on the site of cultuta the option to get the NF doesn't show up
truth I used a gift card  and I paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
This is the email I received from them.
Tomorrow I will contact them then
Thank you!
It was just that.
Have a great day, too.
Hello!
I need help to start reading on the #PRS_ORG# reader.
I have already synced, already purchased the first book (card approved) and I cannot open the book anyway.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Today, a few minutes ago.
A moment
#NAME#
I can see the book yes but when I click on it, a message pops up that tells me to synchronize.
I've done this several times already.
Aparec synchronized ok
Then ask to contact support
What are you doing these days?
Okay.
Done
Now I will start over
I need help with a purchased ebook that is not showing up in my account
good afternoon
I bought an e-book yesterday through the #PRS_ORG# website
#EMAIL#
settling of accounts of #NAME#
The suppliers....bought yesterday on the site of #PRS_ORG#
in my e-reader on my cell phone
I am with my obo account open on my smartphone and it is still resyncing and it still doesn't show up
I'm going to open the ereader
I'm repairing.
right
The book appeared
thank you
that was all
good afternoon
Good afternoon,
I tried to order 2 ebooks but when I move to process the payment (after inserting the card number) it stays in processing and doesn't advance..
#EMAIL#
I still haven't made any purchases.
I am trying to make a purchase but when I go to process the payment (after entering my card number) it just stays processing and won’t move forward..
Brazilian Portuguese: site and application
I have already tried both of them.
It does not have any special character.
Just trying to process the payment and the page won't progress.. it just stays in processing
Yes.. it happens the same way
Yes
I am doing it
One minute please.
At this time, please try to create a new account with a new email.
Brazilian Portuguese: And it advanced to the "review" step
but when I press the "complete purchase" button, nothing happens
Yes
I have already managed to overcome this stage.
You've accepted the payment method but not completed the purchase
Portuguese (Brazil): does not have an error message
When I press the "complete purchase" button, nothing happens.
Yes
I don't have #PRS_ORG#
but the site already accepted the payment
just does not go forward in the last step
Already did it.
I bought ebooks and now they won't open
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, but it was on #NUMBER#
It is the books foundation of paradise and the new times
No when I try to go back to the main menu
Smartphone
I believe that is the case.
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Right
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I've done this procedure several times already
Since February 3rd, I have not been able to finalize the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# website.
When I click on complete the purchase, the following appears: Ops, an error occurred!
Review your payment information and try again.
I have tried several times, but in vain.
#EMAIL#
The last book I bought was on February 2nd, Seasons of Callan Read
thank you
Ok.
I just wanted to apologize, the correct name of the book that I mentioned above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I will make the purchase at the #PRS_ORG# website.
I have already logged on.
I'm sorry but I don't know how to exit incognito mode...
ok, I already managed to open an anonymous window, thank you
So, do I click on log out now?
Ok, I'll try then
I keep failing to complete the purchase...
Oops, an error occurred!
Review the payment information and try again.
ok
I still can't...
ok
Okay.
I am still waiting for the page to load.
Brazilian Portuguese: He still won’t give...
okay
Neither does it work.
I usually use the #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you very much for your help.
I will be waiting then
Thanks and the same to you!
Good afternoon,
I bought an ebook with a wrong account and would like to know if I can transfer it to the correct account, or receive a refund of the paid amount for the book.
Thank you so much,
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (I logged in through #PRS_ORG#), the correct account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted was to transfer the ebook to the email #EMAIL# because that is the one I use and have associated with my ereader
Ok
So what do I have to do?
An error occurred while processing your request.
order
On the website, via my computer
It says they didn't find any account with this email
I tried to use my email associated with account #PRS_ORG#, and the email #PRS_ORG# created for me.
We are unable to link your two accounts because they are with the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Answer
I already did it
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you.
Already!
Thank you very much
Problem continues
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Must be more than 5 months
It must be over 5 months old.
I don't remember...
Problem continues
#EMAIL#
In Italian?
? Is this serious?
The ta...melhor
Rsrs
I can’t open my book through #PRS_ORG#, the foundation of Paradise volume 2
I have already been attended by this channel, but unfortunately the guidance was ineffective
I was instructed as follows:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
On the home screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap on the three horizontal bars on the left side.
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
Tap Help & feedback at the bottom of the menu.
Brazilian Portuguese: 3
Tap on Repair your account.
Brazilian Portuguese: 4
Tap on Repair.
I did that but nothing...before only one book
Now I can't even open a book
Yes
Foundation of Paradise volume 2
Once I exit #PRS_ORG# that main screen you are referring to is the mobile browser correct?
#PRS_ORG#
That
Okay
Okay
I will do this.
Good morning,
I can’t access a book I bought some time ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
#EMAIL#
GTD Make It Happen
I was mistaken #PRS_ORG# to do things well
I was unable to access.
I see the book and I see that it has 34% reading, but I can not open it
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I am on a PC.
This option does not appear to me.
I don't have any damage.
So to deactivate
Brazilian Portuguese: it's resolved.
Thank you.
That's it.
thank you
Hello,
I am trying to download my purchased books on my #PRS_ORG# account to my #PRS_ORG# device.
I followed the step by step instructions on the website, but I can't export the book to EPUB version which allows me to transfer it to #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do this?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
clear
I will check.
the title was
Na hora da decisão
I bought it on my smartphone
I can already do that
The file appears on my computer, but I am unable to install it on #PRS_ORG#
yes
I am
I didn't receive an error message
The file format is not supported by #PRS_ORG#.
but it should, according to the #PRS_ORG# website
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device
from another brand
I can open in the #PRS_ORG#
What is said on the #PRS_ORG# website is that from #PRS_ORG# I can convert to EPUB format
could you tell me if there is another way to do this?
having
thank you
I bought a book and it's not available to me.
not even in "my books" in my login
#EMAIL#
09/02/21
yellow dog
from #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
they are the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem.
Brazilian Portuguese: the pgto was confirmed by them
Brazilian Portuguese: the same
I am attending to it, please wait
I tried to send in .
Brazilian Portuguese: doc but it's not accepted.
How can I send it to you?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: serves?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I am accessing.
please wait
By the way, I tried to download a free book, "reason to kill", and I had to do the entire purchase procedure.
he is also not available
Portuguese: I did it yesterday, the day before yesterday.
Brazilian Portuguese: the problem is being repeated
says that I have it but it is not available
it worked.
I forgot to synchronize
thank you.
Portuguese: we can end the chat
Okay.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
How long for delivery??
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: that’s what you think
Brazilian Portuguese: is it possible to cancel
How??
thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: it takes a long time to deliver it
is it possible to have a faster delivery
I need it urgently.
Can you cancel?
I understand
Brazilian Portuguese: can cancel
thank you
thank you, I don't need to do anything else
thank you
I can't view a title I purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: the challenging sale
ok
Brazilian Portuguese: the challenging sale
desktop
I am going to do it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Appeared
thank you very much! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Just that.
thank you so much
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and when I was reading a book I tried to use the dictionary function and it tells me that no definition was found.
I have already tried it in 3 books in Portuguese and one book in English.
I have uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries and it still does not work
#EMAIL#
Outlandar a libélula presa no âmbar comprado hoje 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes
It is done.
Asks to sync.
Do I synchronize?
Only on this device
Brazilian Portuguese: Ok requested an update.
Do I update now?
I have already updated it
It is already working.
Thank you so much
I bought an ebook, but it's not on my list of ebooks
my email is #NAME#
Until then, I don't have.
I see it...
On the #PRS_ORG# computer.
I don't know about mobile phones.
Sorry, but it's the first time I buy one and boo
ebook
okay.
It is fine
Ready.
yes, I have already entered
I started reading my books.
And it appears
I clicked on the same link
I clicked twice on the cover and a page with the summary and now?
In the computer it's not working out, I'll try on my cell phone, sorry for the inconvenience.
I will try and if I can’t, I’ll bother you again, thanks
The same!!!
Good morning, is it possible to buy newspapers in the #PRS_ORG# store?
Hello #NAME#, can you read my subscription to #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
I still haven’t bought any books yet.
wanted to use my subscription from #PRS_ORG#
It doesn't hurt.
Could you answer my question?
Sorry, did you read my question?
I didn't mention books
I saw that the #PRS_ORG# has a section for News and Mags but I don't know how to access this section
Thank you
Yes, I could pass feedback because I bought it specifically for this purpose
Good afternoon,
I am unable to set up my #PRS_ORG#.
I have tried several times and the same initial message still appears
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Hello
thank you
#PRS_ORG#
no, the thing is that the screen doesn't get past this message (attached), even though the pc application says that the synchronization has been completed
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I cannot connect the #PRS_ORG# to wifi either
no, it was offered to me by a person who no longer wanted it
Sure, thanks.
Yes, I have already downloaded the application.
done
Nothing happened, it just stayed on the screen saying I sent the picture.
what does "download #PRS_ORG# desktop" mean
yes
done
I will experiment with another cable
It worked!
that was the problem.
no, thank you very much!
Good afternoon.
I am in touch again
I purchased an e-book yesterday and I can’t access it
#EMAIL#
16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent the copy of the invoice
I need a response.
I do not want a refund.
I want the book
What is it?
I'm trying on #PRS_ORG#
Sorry for the ignorance
By phone
They say that it doesn't exist
Look, I am tired of this push-me-pull-you game, I call them up, they send me to speak with you, I speak here, they say that it is over there
First and last purchases
I want a solution
I do not want a refund
Good day, I want to buy the ebook but I am unable to login to the #PRS_ORG# using the same password as the #PRS_ORG#.
How can I do it?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must be more than a year already.
Portuguese: oi
Brazilian Portuguese: a moment
I am consulting.
See The Arrival of the Third Reich
okay
then
Yes, by choosing #PRS_ORG#, you're not accepting the same password as #PRS_ORG#
Do you understand?
I can't get in touch with them.
do not answer the contact phone
I didn’t find a chat like this
difficult
Yes
ok
Brazilian Portuguese: it's better this way.
do I await email then?
combined, thank you
thank you
Good evening, I lost access to the book I was reading (bought on #PRS_ORG#).
I think it was when I made a call on my computer.
I was just 10% into the reading.
How can I fix this?
I think it's #EMAIL#
If not, it may be the #EMAIL#
Thank you
In #PRS_ORG#, I had access to the book and now, when I click, it says I cannot access it
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you I am trying
I am restarting.
Brazilian Portuguese: it is already corrected!
If I want to share a book with my mother (as I would with a physical book) could I do that?
Yes, I know, I was asking as a comparison
I mean, would my mum be able to read a book I bought on the #PRS_ORG# at all?
or would you like to borrow my personal #PRS_ORG#?
In other words, is it possible to use my account in 2 #PRS_ORG# in simultaneous?
Perfect, thank you so much:)
Equally!
Thank you for the help!
I bought the ebook: UNCOVERING OUR HOME, on 22/02/###, and up until now it hasn't showed up on #PRS_ORG# so that I can read it.
I bought it at #PRS_ORG#, it shows up as shipped to #PRS_ORG#.
I spoke to them on the phone and they said that it is you who should solve the problem.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase date on 22/02/#NUMBER#.
Brazilian Portuguese ebook title: DISCOVERING OUR HOME.
I will open it now in my email, it only takes an instant.
How do I send it to you?
Does her number alone suffice?
It is in PDF.
I'll try the screenshot.
but send me the email.
Right.
I'm going to send it, just a moment.
I sent the invoice by email.
It's in PDF.
Okay.
I'm thankful, for the attention!
Ok.
Correct.
I will do this now on the #PRS_ORG# app on my phone.
Now he appeared.
Thank you very much!
Will the same problem happen when I make the next purchase?
Good night, and thank you very much!!
Now I have returned.
Because the network fell, I do not know if you are online
Hello #NAME#, I'm back.
my email is #EMAIL#
I entered this email on #PRS_ORG# and only the book Dom Casmurro appeared.
How do I access the others in #PRS_ORG#?
I prefer your suggestion, because #EMAIL# is the email that I use to log into #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
But where can I find e-books to synchronize?
Great!
Thank you
I synced but no books were added to My Books yet
Yes, it is.
Hallelujah!!!
It worked.
Thank you very much #NAME#.
Thank you.
Everything is fine.
Good health and luck!
Hug.
Doubts about book purchase and invoicing
#EMAIL#
I haven't used it yet
Brazilian Portuguese: when making a purchase are you able to read in different equipment?
computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
And can invoicing be done with my company's data?
ok
I will then check in the account
Where do I put the company data and NIF?
I say the company data to get the invoice'
I am not finding
only count
Brazilian Portuguese: by the way, bills
I don't see my account
I cannot see the e-book "ifrs, contabilidade criativa e fraudes" by author #NAME#, which I paid for via boleto bancário on 2021-02-18
#EMAIL#
IFRS, creative accounting and fraud
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I do
I am
I have already noticed.
Great, it's already in my account.
Thank you very much.
Brazilian Portuguese: Attention rating 10
It was just that, thanks a lot 😁
Likewise, I will indeed assess you by the great service
I have not received the Ebook that I purchased.
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#, registered and I can’t access it.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Ebook: UNDERSTANDING OUR HOME, purchased on 22/02/2017#NUMBER#
It was in this email there that I made the purchase and registered on #PRS_ORG#.
Yes.
No.
I am waiting with the email open.
I sent the email with the code that you sent me.
I tried to link and it didn't work.
I followed these steps, and it didn’t work.
I want to know what this problem exactly is.
At the moment when I click on options and #PRS_ORG# I don’t see link this account.
I'll try.
Hello, are #NAME# plans for gyms?
Hello, are #PRS_ORG#'s plans for gyms?
Brazilian Portuguese: not for companies, but individual plans that a physical person can hire to attend gyms
How do these different plans work?
#NAME#
Thank you for informing me about the values!
And I'm looking for a plan that will allow me to attend physical gyms, for example, 24 hours, amc and not online classes.
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi, I'm here.
thanks for the info
Have a good week.
Good day.
Yesterday I scheduled a lesson, but the attempt failed.
Brazilian Portuguese: When I arrived at the studio it was closed.
I would like to have my credit returned and not be charged any extra amount.
Thank you
Correct!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After some time without reading through the app, I went in and my ebooks had disappeared.
Those were #NAME#'s books.
My other question is if I can download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them out.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No merit, #NAME#.
Hello, thank you
That's it.
There isn’t any here.
I did, but I deleted the account.
Now it's just this
#EMAIL#.
I had to exchange the account with you, but apparently it had worked
I would like you to transfer to the #PRS_ORG# account, please. And please cancel the other one
There were several of #NAME#
Well, if you need me to tell you a few titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, no merit, marketing and archetype.
Ok, just one second
You have #NAME#
I'll see.
my daughter has an account #PRS_ORG# and is not able to acquire a book
Brazilian Portuguese: of my daughter (who is the one who has the problem now is: #EMAIL#
or I can purchase it to my account and let my daughter read it
Hello #NAME#
my daughter has an account #PRS_ORG# and now she is able to buy a book
or can I acquire it on my account and let my daughter read it?
Yes?
From the water clock
water
11.99
We have tried purchasing through both her #PRS_ORG# Reader and my PC.
In neither one we succeeded
So far I guess the card has not debited.
But I'm also not sure at this moment because it can take some time for the banking system to synchronize operations
No.
Not expired
can i buy in my account and allow my daughter to read?
The thing is that I also have account #PRS_ORG#, through which I bought 2 readers
Ah!
Does that mean I can always purchase the books on my own account and share with my daughters, or can I only share once?
I didn't realize.
yes
Then ff confirm if the purchase was made or not so I can try another way,
ok?
Thank you.
No.
It's all there.
Thank you and good afternoon
I made a quote for an English ebook, it was #URL# my credit card, but it doesn't appear on my #PRS_ORG# where to download.
What do I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author...ebook in English
No, because I didn't purchase through #PRS_ORG#.
I bought it directly from #PRS_ORG# card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
No
#EMAIL#
But I don't use it.
I will check it and let you know.
I need more information
How do I buy English ebooks?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you
Perhaps a.co.
The purchase did not work out because of that.. language
It's all right.
Thank you #NAME? for your attention.
I found a debt, but then I saw it was older.
No, thank you.
I am speaking to #PRS_ORG# where I bought it.
It has an acquisition number.
😊
Problem with file.
#EMAIL#
February 05
Thanks, #NAME#.
I bought today the ebook Learn to live the now of #NAME#
When I try to open it it gives an error, informing that it is not possible to open the document
I have already synchronized the eReader 3 times and it still presents the same error
on #PRS_ORG# eReader
Ok
I'm restoring right now.
I'm tracking the restore progress bar.
I will warn you once I update, okay?
Hello
Is in the process of updating
I tried right now
And it didn't open
Brazilian Portuguese: Continues with the same error
The following notification appears: "Opa!
"Could not open this document"
Okay
Brazilian Portuguese: A moment
A moment
It's downloading the books again.
One moment
It worked.
Thank you very much!
Good work :)
Brazilian Portuguese: No
Helped already
Thank you so much.
I was in chat with #NAME#, I did everything you said and I can't finalize a purchase because you say there was an error
#EMAIL#
Various, Terra Alta
I already spoke with your colleague #NAME# and did what he said to do, and the problem remains.
Which information was deleted?
They are making a fool out of me.
I already did it.
Read what is said to you sff
I can't finish the purchase
I don’t know what your colleague did, or not
I am not able to complete purchases on #PRS_ORG#
Do they want to address the issue, or not?
I have already added the information.
But here it seems that it's not about following a standard, but about personalizing the problem and finding a solution
I only have one credit card
I always used the same one with no problems
The same thing happens afterwards, I stop another officer and it all starts again
How do you want me to feel if you don’t do anything?
There are no missing information, they are all there
I'll do everything all over again.
Hello I can't access my ebook that I bought on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: February 12, 2008 LETTERS OF A STOIC, VOLUME I
That same email, I use it in #PRS_ORG#...and in the account of #PRS_ORG#
I only bought this one, and I can't access the account for #PRS_ORG#.
I added another ebook to #PRS_ORG# ..ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I will check.
I will send you a picture.
Visitor uploaded: Sem-título.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found in my email.
I'm going to send you.
only 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox-(1.080)#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
sorry
I am going to send you
Complete Portuguese
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I'll check it out.
yes
was added
only that
thank you very much
for the attention
thank you very much.
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
I need assistance in recovering and transferring the books: education against barbarism, the #PRS_ORG# circuit from the #EMAIL# account to mine
account of #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
I managed to get one with the help #NAME# but I still need two more.
yes
because I can't try on #PRS_ORG# account
Education against barbarism and the circuit of emotions.
I can't
Kindly, can you make the transfer to me.
did not arrive
I am trying to see on my cell phone #PRS_ORG#
thank you it worked i recovered the books.
not only the three I bought and the ones I had already in the #PRS_ORG# account.
yes thank you
Good afternoon!
God bless your day.
I purchased the ebook Mudança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação.
The purchase was made in culture, but I can not open it in # PRS_ORG #.
According to the Bookstore, the eBook is faulty and I should seek support from you.
#EMAIL#
January 15/01/#NUMBER#
The book is: Change of Mindset - a new way of thinking about education
no, only this email
I also made a preview.
but I made a purchase on #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the emai with the confirmation of the purchase
but I can access the note yes
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
The PDF with the Note or the XML,, I haven't received it yet from the Bookstore
but, when I access my account on #PRS_ORG#, this message pops up that the same has been resolved.
Also, I received the following message from Cultura:
Everything okay?
We appreciate the new opportunity;
Pay attention to your email, about the request #PHONENUMBER#, we talked to #PRS_ORG# and it was detected that the e-book has a flaw.
They asked you to contact #PRS_ORG#'s support directly, via CHAT.
the book appears in the library
now
I will read... o
thank you
similarly.
Good afternoon!
I am trying to play an audiobook, but it only plays 4 minutes.
#EMAIL#
The Duke and I
yes
Smartphone
I just did it.
The problem has been solved.
Thank you very much!
No.
Thank you very much for your help.
Good afternoon to you.
Last night I received my #PRS_ORG# and it doesn’t even have a dictionary or translator.
I would like you to help me if possible.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, I did all that
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And dps when I try to use it, this appears
I would like you to help me, thank you
Yes
I bought it today
Yes
That's okay
It's ok
It already works thank you best regards
I need help finding my book that I just bought
#EMAIL#
the girl on the train
Brazilian Portuguese: please
my bill receipt #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
sapiens
Where?
so i just tried the synchronize button
Brazilian Portuguese: since that is what the site ordered
and nothing went in
How do you do that?
done
okay
I synchronized and it didn't work
okay
yes
nothing
Yes
how do you do it?
yes
thank you
appeared
Brazilian Portuguese: is downloading
thank you very much for your help
Brazilian Portuguese: yes everything is fine
not very thank you
I would like to know the values of the subscription plans
Is she okay?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works - values and if I can use it in weight training classes
Is it in euros?
Not in real?
Do you know how many credits you use to #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thank you!
I thought it was a bit expensive for someone who goes 3 x a week...
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening.
I would like to report that they again charged the membership fee without me being able to confirm my return to the gym.
I haven’t gone out for safety reasons, mainly because we’re in the red phase.
I would like to ask for a refund please.
I canceled my plan but still got charged.
Please await my return.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer.
I don't have where to use all the credits I have
I want the refund
Yes.
Thank you.
I will see if the refund has been made in the coming days.
Can't I transfer my credits to someone else?
I got it.
Thank you.
I'd like to know the values of each package for a natural person.
good morning
I need to know values and I can't find them on the website
can you help me?
I am wanting to know how your packages are, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits for example
Improper billing
Hello
how are you?
Hello!
A payment from your company appeared on my credit card.
But no longer a customer
Brazilian Portuguese: CPF #PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: telefone #PHONENUMBER#
I can't remember.
Brazilian Portuguese: maybe it was from the #PRS_ORG#
or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
right, for the CPF you cannot do anything?
Credit card fin #NUMBER# mastercard
I don't have
Can I cancel the payment along with the bank then?
I've already given you my CPF. Unfortunately I don't have any other email addresses.
Brazilian Portuguese: maybe you've lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what do I do then?
I have a #PRS_ORG# value on my credit card
I want your company to send me an email stating that I am not associated with you and that the amount is not correct
#EMAIL#
I'm in work hours, can't stay here for too long
is good
Thank you!
#NAME#
There was a wrong charge in my account.
#NAME#
I do not have all this information on hand.
Brazilian Portuguese: I can't remember the day that I canceled
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
#PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: 04/21
I just don't remember the date it was cancelled
Brazilian Portuguese: 08/10/#NUMBER#
Hello, good evening!
Everything alright?
Hello #NAME#, how are you?
I would like to reactivate my subscription if there is a 14 days free
Brazilian Portuguese: and also for a lower value/plan
Brazilian Portuguese: because when I click to reactivate
the value automatically filled is #NUMBER# - with 30 credits..and I want 99 with up to 15 credits
can you help me out?
Brazilian Portuguese: here is a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Could you check if I qualify for the 10 credit benefit (free for 14 days)?
I want to try a studio and I want to be sure that I can cancel my plan in case I don't like the studio.
I can't find the Pilates studio I go to to schedule the class
#PRS_ORG#
It was where I gave my last class
I'll try again.
I did not make any reservations for #NUMBER#
Is there any reservation today?
when I search for the hashtag "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
#PRS_ORG#
when I choose option 1, it opens the page #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I choose option 2 (the one I need to schedule the class), it opens the page #URL#
then, they are not attending #PRS_ORG#
Is there a connection to the pandemic?
Brazilian Portuguese: correct?
Hello, I have the 15 credits per month plan and I can't book a swimming class at #PRS_ORG#, every time I try it says there's an error with the payment.
Hello #NAME#
Yes
Can you tell me if I need to have a specific plan to book SWIMMING?
Yes, please.
Good morning.
I would like to know better how the credits work.
For example, the plan in which I have 30 credits, how many classes do I have access to?
Thank you!
same !
yes, I am
I got it!
I would like to hire for an average of 2x a week to do pilates in studios here close to home.
or any other activity that is not gym
fight, maybe
Brazilian Portuguese: the plans are monthly, right?
Sorry ahaha I have another question
in the homepage, the available plans and the number of credits appear
together, it appears "mark up to x lessons"
How does it work?
Is the amount of classes displayed there weekly or monthly?
I understood.
Thank you very much!
You are charging my card inappropriately
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
CANCELLATION DATE: It’s already been a year
Charge: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been billed in the past few months
On 26/12/#NUMBER# a debit was carried out
oops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
that
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... for the value of R$189.00 for example, can I use any gym, make a check in every day, what is the value of each check in of the classes, or massage?
#NAME#
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... for the value of R$ 189.00 for example, can I use any gym, check in every day, what is the cost of each check in for classes, or massage?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, in #PRS_ORG#
I'm in São Paulo
Brazil
#URL#
For example, to take a class, do you know what the value debited would be?
Good afternoon!
I requested a quote and up until now I haven’t had a response to the request.
I am looking forward to contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not answer
Yes, for corporate hire
Yes.
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to know about corporate plans to hire for #PRS_ORG# employees.
1) Your commercial email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Name of the company: #PRS_ORG#
3) local: São Paulo
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to learn about the corporate plans for hiring #PRS_ORG# employees.
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG# yet!
Corporate data is as follows:
1) Your business email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company Name: #PRS_ORG#
3) local: São Paulo
The #PRS_ORG# doesn't have it!
I requested a quote through the Corporate Subscription page, but did not receive a response
Okay, I will perform the quoting process again
Thank you!
Doubt about training/credit
Hi
Good morning
I have a doubt before I sign up for a plan
If I sign up for the #NUMBER# plan per month, can I only go to the gym 5 times in the month because I only have 5 credits?
I in this case only want to go to the gym for in-person workouts
I do not care much for online class.
dx I will see if I understood
If I sign up for #NUMBER# can I go to the gym to work out from Monday to Friday, and is the credit only for the online class?
I will change my question.
to see if you can understand it properly
With the #NUMBER# plan, can I go to the gym from Monday to Friday in the month to do my workout that I already have in mind without having to worry about this business of adding credit?
I have no interest in online class or anything like that
I understood more or less.
Brazilian Portuguese: so one more one thing
For example:
the #NUMBER# plan has only 5 credits, if the normal class at the gym is 1 credit I can only go 5 times per month
All right.
kkkkk
Brazilian Portuguese: is the minimum value of the gyms is from 1 credit to workout?
I understood.
thank you very much, you see
good job.
kkk
Hello.
Hi, do you not speak Portuguese?
thank you!
I would like to know how much credit I need to attend the gym at least 3x a week
I did not find on the site information about the credits that the gyms charge...
I like #PRS_ORG# on Avenida Paulista
specifically of YOGA classes
okay
ok, thanks for the information
HELLO,
I WOULD LIKE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#
I am #NAME#, I have a gym in Porto Alegre and I would like more information about the service and the possibility of becoming a partner
ok, I'll take a look and get back to you with any questions
Doesn't this page exist in Portuguese?
TKS
no, thank you
I would like to cancel
Just confirm if the cancellation was successful please
Not.
Good evening!
I have already started two other chats, but they disappeared
I would like to be reimbursed for the classes that did not happen
A stretch class on Saturday in #PRS_ORG# gym, and an Astanga class in #PRS_ORG# gym.
Brazilian Portuguese: No
The stretch class was on the 22nd of that month.
And the Astanga one on #PRS_ORG# on the 5th of October
None of them occurred.
Okay :)
It's okay
I'll warn you!
Thank you!!
Good night!
Hello
I would like to receive back the credits of the classes that did not take place
Ok :)
Hello, I am having problems managing my credits
It is said that the 24 credits that I have will expire tomorrow, and I can't schedule a lesson for next Saturday with these credits.
However, I am only keeping my active subscription with you during the pandemic with everything closed because I received an email saying that credits would no longer expire in cycle exchanges.
Okay.
Yes
Okay, when you go to inquire, the main issue is that the credits don't expire anymore.
I'm waiting for the email
Hugs.
Hello!
I reserved a class that didn't happen and I didn't get the credit back.
It's the second time it's happened.
I would like to receive the credit of the lesson that didn't happen back :)
Hello, we are a national association with over 40,000 employees in our database, and we are interested in establishing a partnership to provide plans with different values.
I'm waiting for contact
thank you
can you please send me the form
thank you very much.
Hey, I was charged for a plan that I'm not using, and I'm requesting a refund
And how can I give the signature to another person?
Why my money is not free to be spent like this
Thank you very much!!
I'd like to know the gyms in sao paulo
#NAME#
how do I find out what is charged at each gym?
do the credits allow you to go to any gym?
I understood it.
thank you.. i will think about it
signature
hello
I tried to do the subscription.
charged from my card
Brazilian Portuguese: and blocked
I was in doubt
Brazilian Portuguese: whether it happened or not
#EMAIL#
I made an account for 14 day test
I informed the card
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: and then bloayeo
blockage
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I can't change my credit card in the site
Hello
I can't update the data, my card is working normally
I have tried both of them.
Brazilian Portuguese: including
none worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay.
I will wait.
Okay.
I have a class at 4:45 pm, I would like to understand if I will be able to make it or if I need to cancel because the account is suspended
Okay, I'll do that.
What about the class?
Can I cancel at no cost until I resolve this?
Just the one today because until I manage to speak to the bank it may take a while!
That was it!
If there is any problem, I will get back in touch.
thank you!
Do I cancel the class or you cancel it?
Ok thank you
Have a good day tb!
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello, good morning
I would like to know if I can suspend the subscription for a period
Hi #NAME#!
yes
I need to take a break from classes, but would like to keep the account
Brazilian Portuguese: and the credits
yes
just confirm me if it is possible to freeze the subscription
How long will I be able to stay away?
Brazilian Portuguese: the charge is suspended
I understood.
then every month I'll have to contact them to renew the suspension?
ok
What is the best day to call each month?
Good evening.
How's it going with you?
For the second time I arrived at the establishment to do yoga and my name was not on the list
I've been making the reservations as usual and the credits as well
Ok, thank you
Okay.
Thank you very much!
Tell her pf.
That's it, good night.
Hello, good morning.
I'm trying to make a reservation in #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but it shows an error message.
I have tried two different times... How do I book?
Thank you #NAME#!
:)
No problems.
Do you need any information from me?
#EMAIL#
Hello good afternoon
Hello good afternoon!
#NAME#, everything is great and I hope you are well
I would like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
how can I cancel?
that link doesn't open
could you help me in another way ?
Everything is okay, I'll wait for your confirmation and if possible you could send an email with the cancellation confirmation
Is there a confirmation email?
Everything alright, thank you very much
Hello!
I am from Brazil and I have seen that you have several gym partners in São Paulo, but I can’t access the prices in Brazil.
Where can I see the price in my country?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Thank you!
And how does it work?
Do I spend a credit each class?
Can it be used at any affiliated gym?
I understood!
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# gym #PRS_ORG#
I understood.
And are there any fees to pay, like registration fees, for example?
Will I be charged in Real so that I don’t have to pay taxes for making an international transaction?
Sure thing!
I will think about this and get back to you.
Thank you so much.
That's it.
Thank you
Hello, good evening.
I would like to ask a question.
Hi #NAME#!
I would like to understand the plan of R$189 per month = 30 credits
Each booking corresponds to 1 credit, is that correct?
And why not 30 credits but just for 9 classes?
Would there be 9 types of classes or only 9 classes in the monthly period?
I don’t know if my doubt was made clear 🥲
It is still not clear.
So I can only make 9 bookings on this plan is that correct?
Ahhh I got it
But why 9 classes?
That's the maximum number of "class options" I can choose in this plan, is that it?
For example: bike, pilates, yoga, swimming, muscle strengthening, etc..
Not being able to go past 9 choices?
And what does that mean?
Hummmmmm
So I should forget about these 9 classes?
kkkkkk
Perfect
That was it then.
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund for my credits.
Because of my location there is nothing available for use.
How to recover the funds?
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund of my credits.
Due to my location there is nothing available to use.
How can I recover the values?
okay.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
It wasn't being advantageous by not offering anything nearby for me.
Thank you!
Good evening, I would like to know the activities in Campinas SP.
hello
for what I have seen
there is only 1 studio that accepts you here in Campinas
Brazilian Portuguese: then there is only this gym?
do you want more in campinas?
My book "Music" does not display images on either the #PRS_ORG# or on my cell phone.
Is there a better version?
Of course!
:) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
This is what happens.
On the mobile it's the same.
I don’t know if the file will get corrupted or if it is a general problem.
I just said that the mistake happens in android... and it does not happen with any other book.
Yes :)
But only in this book.
I know where to go to have it repaired, thanks.
But is it worth paying to fix just 1 file that caused the problem?
The other books do not give
I made a purchase of a book with the initial email and it was accepted with an offer #PRS_ORG# card that was sent to the reader but I can't open it.
What to do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Okay.
Police
I am looking for the designation of the model, but it is the first of your list
Brazilian Portuguese: continues not to open
Brazilian Portuguese: the book is showing up but won't open
It’s just a moment while I turn on the camera.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: continues without opening but I'll send I'll send the information that appears to me
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
already
Is it to configure the ereader?
A virus from the PC?
I have
okay
ok and thank you
Yes and thanks for your attention.
likewise
Hi there, how are you doing?
A few months ago, I had to restore the #PRS_ORG# app for PC.
When I did that, I lost all my purchased books.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thank you.
Mobile phone for contact: #PHONENUMBER#
my account was #EMAIL#.
However, that email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the app, it changed automatically to #EMAIL#
Sorry, I was wrong.
Brazilian Portuguese: always was #EMAIL#
Yes, please!
thank you!
I will test here
sorry, where do I sync it?
on the computer or on the #PRS_ORG# itself?
the computer does not have the application
Brazilian Portuguese: he is new
Brazilian Portuguese: how low?
on the device #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
I did it, but it's giving an error.
Yes, sync error
ok, so one minute
it seems like this is working!
That's just one minute to finish
,it seems that everything went well.
do I need to do something else?
OK, thank you very much!
happy new year
Good afternoon,
I made a book exchange through the protocol #PRS_ORG# You and I would like to know which partner publishers were selected so that I can enjoy my book.
Thank you,
#NAME#
Certainly: #EMAIL#
I haven’t made any purchases through the #PRS_ORG# website yet.
I attempted to redeem points through the #PRS_ORG# website using the #PRS_ORG# You protocol, and was provided with a code that allows me to purchase a book from your store
However any book I select is not allowed, and when I went to check the rules it says it's only applicable in some selected partner publishers, and I would like to know which ones are they
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
For sure, one moment please
It appears in the list as pending.
Brazilian Portuguese: is already available!
thank you so much for your help
No, thank you very much for your help
I can read the e-books normally on the #PRS_ORG#, but they are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
December 29.
It does not upload the e-books.
It says: "care
It says: "loading...." and nothing happens
I have uninstalled and reinstalled #PRS_ORG# several times.
I have restarted #PRS_ORG# several times.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# (3 generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I've done that.
It still does not load.
Don't open the book.
I turned it off and on again.
I have deleted the APP.
It isn't.
I entered configurações.
Yes
There is no "archive"
I am in "armanezamento"
I haven't found it.
I didn't find "restart"
"Slide to power off" is what appeared.
I turned it off.
I called again
I found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I'm seeing my e-books
I didn't even have to log in
Good afternoon, I can't buy books with any credit card only with gift card.
How can I fix the problem?
#EMAIL#
The last one was today and it's called The Only Woman
The mobile phone
The eReader was also used in an attempt to purchase
#NAME#
Yes you can do it
Yes
I believe that it was all eliminated.
Okay
And then?
Brazilian Portuguese: OK I am in process
Good afternoon.
I bought the e-book "A Promised Land" by Barack Obama on November 17th.
I had already downloaded the file to my #PRS_TID#, however now it has gone and I can't download it again.
#EMAIL#
December 1st
thank you
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: an e-reader #PRS_ORG#
Clear
functioned
I just finished now.
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: at the moment, no
I am the one who thanks.
similarly.
How to activate family sharing
#EMAIL#
December 29
That's it.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#
Bought books are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#
Wheel, wheel and does not enter.
I do not receive error message
I logged out and logged back in.
Do not intend to log in
The problem remains.
#PRS_ORG#
Books purchased at Cultura are not loading on #PRS_ORG#
I see the covers, but not the text.
I have reinstalled the app and the problem continues
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3rd generation and #PRS_ORG#
I didn’t understand.
I have a free book from #PRS_ORG# and it loads normally
In the books purchased the app says that it is “loading” and doesn’t load anything.
I can read normally in #PRS_ORG# and I have a problem in #PRS_ORG#.
#PRS_ORG# from #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I'm with #PRS_ORG# on this account
I'm currently reading the book on #PRS_ORG#
I am trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
OK
Waiting, without problems
The book of "MIlícias" is not appearing.
Yes.
It reappeared but continues to not load.
I await the contact.
I’m going to have lunch.
Thanks for the help, so far.
Thank you.
A good year to you and your team.
I can not download the ebook
Hello
Hello
#EMAIL#
Our daily bread
Ok
On the cellphone #PRS_ORG#
Yes, I can, just the bread that we eat every day, which does not open.
No, it only spins the ball and then goes back to the cover screen
I have already done this.
If I leave the screen, I lose the chat
I bought an ebook from Cultura since the day 28/12/### and still it's not released for my reading.
The title is "What is Inclusive Education."
I've already been charged, I got the invoice but I can't sync!
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 28/12/#NUMBER#
the purchase code is # #PHONENUMBER#-01
OK
already done
Brazilian Portuguese: still not showing up...it only has what I bought in June of #NUMBER#
that is what I ordered previously...
# #PHONENUMBER#-01
this is the purchase
I paid by credit card, it has already been invoiced and appears as sent on the #PRS_ORG# website!
just do not understand why they have not released it yet...
another address?
but my email #PRS_ORG# is what I gave you?!
I have the invoice that I received by email
I am going to forward it.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is!
That.
In my app it still is not showing up...how should I proceed?
It now appeared!
Finally!
thank you very much!
I am the one who thanks!
I have doubts
#EMAIL#
must be two days
hello
all right?
I am beginning to read on #PRS_ORG# now
I'm not able to mark the page
Brazilian Portuguese: no
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#
I still can't
when I get to the ''Notes'' what should I do?
I don't see the option to mark the page
on the top right corner of the page, it does not appear to me a fold mark at the corner of the page
I still can not
nothing
I already did that.
Brazilian Portuguese: I can't call you, can I?
okay
okay.
Still nothing
What is #NAME#?
thank you
goodbye.
Password
I bought on 05/01
Hello someone out there
#EMAIL#
I have a problem with the password.
If I put my child's email will I be able to
Okay
No cell phone
I don’t have a computer
Yes, I am having a problem synchronizing with the book store to get the book that I bought.
Not going to
Only a moment
I was able to do it with another email.
How do I get access to the book?
They were lean and happy forever.
Only minutes
#PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
Did you see that the 2 I sent was missing, 1 number
What I do is call the bookstore
Bought from #PRS_ORG#
I will call the bookstore
Thank you.
Ok
I just bought an ebook and I want to download it on my cell phone.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/01/#NUMBER#
I purchased through #PRS_ORG#, but I think I entered my work email when purchasing today, the email is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# app on my mobile phone under the #EMAIL# account, will I need to download the app again under the corporate email account?
I bought the book Range.
it appears on the #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but gives an error when opening
#EMAIL#
Range
ok
"oh,no! that document could not be opened. there may be a problem with the file.
Try to synchronize your e-reader If you still can't open, contact #PRS_ORG# Customer Service at #URL#
right
ok
Done.
Brazilian Portuguese: now a menu appeared to choose the language
Brazilian Portuguese: language
I logged in again and it is downloading the Range book again
I am waiting for the download that started automatically to finish
entered
I had already done that, but ok, the important thing is that it went in.
It must be something that was left out
thank you
Just that, thank you very much and happy new year.
good job
ok, thank you!
After the factory reset the tablet no longer initializes.
When I try to configure the wi-fi there is an error in the update.
I've already tried resetting it again and wiping the cache, but it's not working.
What should I do?
thank you.
Sorry, I don't have an account.
I think it is the simplest, the #PRS_ORG#
that
Brazilian Portuguese: yes no complete the connection
Brazilian Portuguese: #7
Brazilian Portuguese: error #7
How can I update by the android robot using the usb drive option?
yes I am on my computer
and the tablet is connected
Brazilian Portuguese: nao
I'll install it.
now I have it ready
if the e-reader is the tablet, yes it is
I would like to point out that I gave a factory reset to the tablet
that option does not exist
after the first screen where I select the language and click Get started, next I have the screen to configure the Wi-Fi and I don't have the option to not configure
I have only the option of Scan, Add Network, Back, Next and select any wifi network.
Yes, shutting down now
Reconnecting again
just called and I received the message q o #PRS_ORG#ou
What is the #PRS_ORG#?
no, how?
#NAME#, I thank you very much for your help and patience, but I have to leave now.
I’ll try another time to look for help here.
Thank you and have a nice day.
What is your email?
Ok, thank you.
Goodnight.
I made a purchase of a book, paying with #PRS_ORG#, but the book is not in my account.
#EMAIL#
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
10.
Yes
Okay.
I'm trying to upload the image
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Ok
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction I made about 25 minutes ago, I just got this information
I did not receive an invoice from #PRS_ORG#
Until then I have no access to the book and can not buy it, right?
Okay, thank you
No.
I will wait for a solution via email.
I can't open the book I bought.
#EMAIL#
I think it was January 4.
Thank you.
Yes, I can't open it to read it
Thank you.
I carry the book to open and read and page turns back to the start
Just opening isn't enough
Yes
Yes, on the app of my #PRS_ORG#
Yes
Isn't it supposed to?
#PRS_ORG#
Yes, if possible
It is already there.
Or better, I had already done that before contacting you
But I started doing it again now
It doesn't work.
Continues to not open
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I carry the book on my shoulders to open it and it doesn’t open.
Go back to the same place as it is in the image
I played as you requested and it keeps not opening
Last night I managed to get it open.
Brazilian Portuguese: Today it is not possible
OK I have finished the session.
You already gave it.
Thank you
Hi, I would like to transfer my books from #PRS_ORG# account to #EMAIL# and delete that first email from my account.
Thank you.
Not deserving, #NAME#, of the first one… And they put a #PRS_ORG# in the second one these days for confirmation purposes
Well, he told me, but I can't see them there.
The #PRS_ORG# app
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thank you, sometimes we forget to try the obvious
No, it was just, thank you
Okay
#PRS_ORG#
Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook started causing problems again, I can't open any books.
#EMAIL#
Sorry, but what's an e-reader?
I had this same issue with a book about a week ago, give or take.
Use in mobile, #PRS_ORG#.
All the books appear, they just don't open.
On the notebook it works normally.
Hello, yes it did leave.
I’ve already had this problem with 1 book, which wouldn’t open, appears but doesn’t open.
Now they all are.
Ok
Cellphone, on the notebook it works normally
It's fine
Dear Sirs, good evening, I would like to remove the card saved in my profile without entering another for the moment, is there a way to do this?
#EMAIL#
the dare
Brazilian Portuguese: so, for me it only shows the option to edit and not to delete
Yes please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: for me it only stays like this, if you can delete it it would help me a lot
just deleted the card right? #NAME#?
just that same thing #NAME#, thank you for your attention, okay?
A question, wouldn't there be the option of Boleto in the future?
instead of paying by card, pay by bank slip
i will send, thank you very much for your help #NAME#, have a great day
I bought the e-book 'Ratos Seminar' through #PRS_ORG# on 29/11/#NUMBER# for R$ 11, 96 (promotion) .
Already pay by credit card.
Up to this day I haven't received it.
I would like to know what happened and whether I will receive the book.
Thank you for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase on 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
In my #PRS_ORG# I also can't because it doesn't appear to me on any of the devices.
It's like I didn't buy.
Books that I bought earlier show up fine.
But this one, no.
Okay, just a moment please.
It appeared.
What happiness!!!
Thank you so much!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Great end of afternoon to you.
Thank you.
I purchased a #PRS_ORG# form and the EReader locked.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: January of this year
I bought the #PRS_ORG# form with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# on your website on 24 December and the device is blocked.
It does not change page or turns off.
I could see the text that was on the screen.
It was about 80% charged.
Not once since it had so much charge to not exhaust the battery
Brazilian Portuguese: No
You are already connected
It has already connected and restarted.
It no longer had a battery.
Yes and it is already charging
Good evening, I purchased the book Crónicas e caprichos, but it no longer appears in the books of #PRS_ORG#.
it appears in my client area, however when I sync it does not appear in #PRS_ORG#.
When looking for the book in the store on #PRS_ORG# it shows as never bought.
I think when you updated the book edition, it stopped being recognized on the device.
I request help, thank you.
#EMAIL#
Midnight sun
thank you
#NAME#
Please wait a moment
Brazilian Portuguese: still doesn't appear...
I think so
I believe it has to do with the new edition.
why does the book appear in my account in the web browser, but not in the #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
Portuguese: a moment please
#NAME#
thank you very much
that’s it, thanks a lot
Good work and good night!
Good afternoon,
I’ve been trying since yesterday to buy an ebook on your website, but every time it shows the internal server error #NUMBER# at the moment of the transaction.
How can I resolve this issue and purchase the ebook?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
the only ebook I have at this moment
Brazilian Portuguese: it is the
#NAME#
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: At this moment the computer
#PRS_ORG#
the error that appears is the following
Visitor uploaded: erro-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
it's already here
now I'm in the buy zone
Brazilian Portuguese: had already left
do you want it back there?
ok
I will add this then
I already added it.
ok
I already made it!
Thank you for your help.
no, that was it
thank you very much once again
okay, i'll answer
APP #PRS_ORG#  desktop says that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I have purchased ebooks.
I request immediate recovery please.
#EMAIL#
I don’t know when I bought them; it’s been around 3-5 years
Yes
I wait.
Thanks.
Good afternoon.
No message says it is empty.
I downloaded it again, but it continues with the same message.
Yes.
Yes.
Done.
Brazilian Portuguese: where is the settings link.
Do you have an account with Vejo Tem?
At the top is the help button
I can not find the link
I understand, but I don’t know how to proceed.
Yes.
Okay.
I have logged in #PRS_ORG# and it says it can not find the account
Yes.
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: ok.
Brazilian Portuguese: ready.
Brazilian Portuguese: yes, I am trying to see.
I accessed the page.
I am taking the sign.
I entered the password, but it didn't work
We could not find an account with this email or address.
OK.
Thank you.
Good morning.
I purchased 2 books last night but I couldn't read them on my #PRS_ORG#.
I already did the synchronization but it continues with this problem.
Thanks in advance!
#EMAIL#
Last night from day 21 of January to 22 of January
Thanks!
The books that I bought last night are Sapiens Historia Breve da Humanidade and O Tatuador de Auschitz
The covers of the books appear in "My Books" but when I want to open to read it appears "Opa!
This document could not be opened!
Brazilian Portuguese: and said there was probably a problem with the file.
and asks me to synchronize my ereader but it still has a problem
and #PRS_ORG# has already sent the proof of purchase to my email
Yes.
I can open it on my Telemovel
It's okay!
thank you, 🙏🏽
ok
Brazilian Portuguese: ok.
I'll inform you of something.
Brazilian Portuguese: it still hasn't ended
Brazilian Portuguese: continues to have the problem
I am trying again.
Good day!
I would like to know about technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG#, which has burned out the internal light.
#EMAIL#
22/11
Ta bem
I am.
then, it is ancient
Brazilian Portuguese: the light is not working anymore
holy cow, let me find out
Brazilian Portuguese: perae
: #PRS_ORG# (Qty: 1)
How do I do it?
you're fine
#NAME#!
if it does not work, there is no assistance?
ta bem
uai
I wrote wrong
excuse me
#EMAIL#
it's very old kkk
but I say, could I even find a job if I didn't pay?
aaah, I understand
I am fine.
I hope that is the procedure you taught from scratch
right
thank you very much for the guidance.
no.
just that
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, the Account Settings option does not appear
The page is missing.
Now when I type #URL#, it goes straight to #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
In the left corner it says Enter and Not my account
Here comes the information: No account was found with that address......Please check that you typed correctly
What do you mean?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do this?
The following message is displayed: To keep your #PRS_ORG# account safe, we have locked you out after five failed attempts at signing in.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
okay
There was a link to sign in.
Is that right?
Okay.
I created a new password and I received a message that said: “We were unable to find an account with that e-mail address or password.”
Please check if you have correctly entered it.
That's right
OK, I managed to log in.
Ufa!!
I am now in account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria Cultura click on Link this account?
Back in #PRS_ORG# and sign in.
When I clicked to sign in it said: We couldn't find an account with that email or password.
Make sure you typed it correctly.
I repeated the steps to link this account to the side of #PRS_ORG# and always comes the message above
Above.
What do you mean?
Yes, normal
I have already contacted #PRS_ORG# and they tried and said that the problem was with #PRS_ORG# and I should contact you...it's difficult, isn't it?
okay
You can.
Solve the problem.
ok
My #PRS_ORG# does not work, I put it to charge more and it does not turn on.
The model is #PRS_ORG#, where do I get assistance?
#EMAIL#
I do not have that information, I have never used #PRS_ORG#, I won more but it doesn't work
okay
because I can see that
I put it on the charger, both in the pc and in the socket but it doesn’t light up and doesn’t charge
not*
yes, but more does not work
Brazilian Portuguese: what other connection, what type?
Do you need a special cable?
sorry, I didn't understand
certo
the light does not turn on
My #PRS_ORG# is the #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C model, it doesn’t have a power button, it’s a different button to flick to the side
My God, it's been a long time.
Is there any place that does maintenance on this device?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Do you still make it?
Is there any place that does maintenance?
I understood.
Isn't there maintenance only for that model or for none of them?
And even so, you suggest that I buy another one?
for a product that doesn't assist if I need it?
I understood, thank you very much for the information.
Good evening
I'm seeing there will be a lot of people discontent like me.
WHAT TO DO TO FILL THE COMPLAINT BOOK
THIS IS BAD IF NOT #PRS_ORG#
I can't buy anything on the #PRS_ORG# store, I have already changed my card twice, I have already changed my account, I have been to #PRS_ORG# and got no answer, I want to know how to fill out your complaints book?
I AM WAITING
DO NOT AT END OF PURCHASE JUST GIVE ME AN ERROR THAT SAYS UPS!
ERROR: purchase could not be completed
IT WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN BETTER TO BE A SNAKE AND NOT TO HAVE THE PRODUCT IN #PRS_ORG#
THE PURCHASE CANNOT BE COMPLETED
NO
ALREADY #NAME#
I will return to do it, but I've done it at least three times.
I have already done it.
already did it.
I made it and it's always the same error
BUT I ALREADY DID IT
I CHANGED MY CARD TWICE AND ALREADY UPDATED THE ACCOUNT DETAILS SEVERAL TIMES.
What does the #NAME#?
I am already on the third book I try to buy and the error is always the same
Brazilian Portuguese: it's better
but there is a time limit to return the equipment (what I will do) and fill out the complaint book
In the website, but first I tried in the e-reder and the result was the same
didn't answer me as I can preenceher a complaint book or how can I get to # PRS_ORG # my deep dislike
Brazilian Portuguese: where?
in help?
thank you
I bought a #PRS_ORG#, after backing it up it doesn't come out of the wifi screen.
It does not accept the network access password
#EMAIL#
I don't remember buying ebooks, I only use it as a tablet
Not that was a purchase that I made on a trip to Canada about 5 years ago
Brazilian Portuguese: is there something you can do or did I lose the product?
I can not get out of the screen, in other words I do not use it as a tablet
I already downloaded it on my pc
however asks to call #PRS_ORG#
when I turn it on it does not leave the wifi screen
Not in Portuguese.
I entered the app
nothing
only the wifi screen
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I think my case is hopeless. LOL
Brazilian Portuguese: nothing else appears beyond the language option screens
and wifi
That is to say
I can not go anywhere.
my computer recognizes the device
not
that's okay
Thank you for trying to help me.
Happy new year...to you too!!
thank you!
Good morning
I need help.
I am #PRS_ORG# years old and I have never had a sync problem.
I still used the November one without any problems.
I’m not able to today.
Doesn't recognize my email and I don't remember my password.
I have pending e-books and I am unable to synchronize.
if you can help me I would appreciate it.
In reality I do not know because I had problems with my first e-mail that was #EMAIL#.
The current one is #EMAIL#.
as it was my daughter in law who first set up I believe the password would be #NUMBER#
The #PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to log in via #PRS_ORG# because it doesn't recognize my email or password either.
Even my library has disappeared.
I had many books there and they all disappeared.
maybe I am wrong.
I'm #NUMBER# years old and I consider myself a computer whizz, but now I'm stuck.
kk
Brazilian Portuguese: it may be
but you have to help me and give me guidance
yes
If I find you later that's fine kkkkk
then use the second email #EMAIL#
should be changed here.
my cell phone is #NAME#
I think it's that registered number
in this reconfiguration I do not lose what has already been downloaded in #PRS_ORG#
new account?
and what password
How do I change my registration at Cultura?
I tried to talk to them, the phone I have is #NAME#, they answered, but when I spoke about #PRS_ORG# the call dropped and they didn't answer me again.
if you have a phone to help me , i appreciate.
do you have a problem with the different culture registry to the #PRS_ORG#?
I remembered that the last time I used #PRS_ORG# was for books I bought in the #PRS_ORG# store
I have more than #NUMBER# books
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: not for now.
Thank you for your patience and attention.
Have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I am waiting.
Screen on my #PRS_ORG# is dimming
#EMAIL#
I think it is already 1 year
Thank you
His screen is erasing everything funny but I can not read anything on it
Yes it always stays charged I never let it discharge or drop it
I left him in the factory mode to see if he came back but the letters are so erased that I can't even read it right
I have already done it.
The screen is still the same.
How so?
It responds normally, the only problem is that the letters and images are practically erased.
Hello
Yes
Yes
Ok
Not
Yes
I did it the way you said but nothing showed up
Yes
It's like it had been turned off.
But you can see the books that I have left
You can even see the care written off
He is not picking up I think the screen froze
You are not listening
Okay
He did not come back.
It didn't turn off and keeps with the background very clear showing the books
Is there anything else we can do besides what you’re saying?
Why he was just with the screen with letters and images half erased now after I did what you said he is not even on
Brazilian Portuguese: It is not working at the moment
It's like the screen saver doesn't get out of this, it appears to be off but it shows affection for the books and the off but I can't do anything with it
Now she is very hot
Yes
Would you have any technical assistance in SP?
I will continue the conversation.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I'm taking up conversation with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Be aware that if you switch between apps, lock your phone or switch to another window while you are chatting with us, you may be disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience, please stay active in this chat window.
(03:30:#NUMBER# PM) Customer Service: Due to a higher volume of requests, our response time might be delayed.
We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused and we will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible.
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
(03:31 PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thank you for contacting us, please indicate the email that you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34 PM) #NAME#: I want to buy a book but can't complete the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
(03:34 PM) #NAME#: Thanks for the info.
I'll be happy to help you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Allow me a moment to verify your account on #PRS_ORG#.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for waiting.
(03:36:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I ask if you filled out your billing information while trying to make your book purchase?
(03:38 PM) #NAME#: On a second stage I reviewed (confirming) the payment instructions as I was suggested in the message that it was not paid
(03:39: #NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I see that there have been some failed attempts to purchase.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes, when there is an error in a transaction, banks should not let you make further purchase attempts.
(03:40 PM) #NAME#: Can you contact your banks to see if they have put a restriction on our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I'll check.
(3:43 pm)
the last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
yes and they informed me that there is no problem on their part in carrying out the transaction
OK
Yes now it worked
Good evening,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I need to press the on/off button for the device to shut down completely?
#EMAIL#
I don't have any purchases made
I received my phone today just
But sleep mode eats up the battery.
When I first called it was at 59% and now it is only at 39%
I have already tried what you told me to do with faster but it never shut off.
Brazilian Portuguese: It only went into suspension
I bought this device because I always heard about the battery's durability.....
Is it possible that there's something wrong?
I did not upload, I just connected the computer to import the books.
Before I started doing anything, I read the manuals.
And neither in the manual nor on the internet did I find anything about this subject.
I think so but as I said, nowhere on the website is this information provided.
Sorry but I didn't understand
I can't.
I have even gone as far as supposedly saying I'm disconnecting and nothing happens.
I repeat that it only goes into sleep mode.
How long?
But I already told you that this does not happen.
This is the seventh time I have done this and only gets suspended
How?
And the issue of the battery?
And the problem with the battery?
Will I be without my books?
And the battery?
The battery problem I mentioned earlier....
How so?
But you still didn't understand that I didn't say anything about that in the manuals and absolutely nowhere?
If it is so important it should be included in the manual.
So basically I paid for a phone that supposedly has a lot of battery life and because I didn't charge it for the initial 4 hours it lost this ability???
Can it take weeks???
The device is new.
And as I have already mentioned, it came with 59% of battery (it was turned on at 1:00 p.m.) and it is now past midnight and it only has 37% and I haven’t even used it, it has always been in sleep mode.
I already reset the factory settings.
Brazilian Portuguese: Continues without turning off
I charged for more than #NUMBER# seconds and nothing showed up, it just went to sleep mode about 5 seconds after charging.
Otherwise, nothing happened.
One way or another, it doesn't turn off
Tomorrow I will contact the store where I bought it and ask for a new device or for a refund of my money.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
Good morning
In the physical store of #PRS_ORG# I asked if I could offer ebooks and they said yes, that it was enough to buy on the site and would receive a link and then send the link to the person.
But from what I noticed, this does not happen.
I just bought an ebook and I think it just links to my account, right?
What is the way to offer this ebook to someone else?
#NAME#,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
January 09th #NUMBER#
Good day #NAME#.
The book is a present and it is not for me.
How can I give it to whoever I want without it staying in my library?
Is it possible?
Yes, that's right
I had bought a physical copy at #PRS_ORG# and the person asked to exchange it for an ebook.
In #PRS_ORG# I made the return and they said to buy it on the website and they would send me a link to download the book and I just had to send the link to the person who wanted the ebook
But that is not what happened.
Or I do not understand anything about the subject.
Or both ahah
Then there is no way to offer it?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store money cards right?
In this case I would only prefer the return of the money as I won't use the book and the person has no access.
The purchase was a mistake.
I haven't even opened the ebook as you can probably see from the history.
In this case, thanks for returning the payment with the same payment method
Thank you very much #NAME#.
Thank you very much #NAME#
It was just that.
Thank you very much.
Will the contact be via email?
Yes, but if necessary for the purposes of this process, I can also be contacted for the number #PHONENUMBER#
No.
It's all
Thanks once again
Good afternoon I can’t change the word pass in the account #PRS_ORG#, I would like to do it to give access to an ebook that I bought to offer.
greetings
#NAME#
December 25
#EMAIL#
24
Brazilian Portuguese: December
forgiveness
thank you
sure, but how does it give my father access to give the book as a gift
Brazilian Portuguese: the objective is that
ok but i needed a way for him to access it
through log in
on my account with a pass and my associated email
not
ok all good
It’s not possible for me to log in normally, for example.
okay but there I try
and I'm not accepting, or I have to go through the site #PRS_ORG#
thank you very much:L)
I already managed to access with this option via #PRS_ORG#
I cannot access the books that I bought
#EMAIL#
I bought it from #PRS_ORG# and I can't access it
The courage of being imperfect
I am not able to link the account #PRS_ORG# with #PRS_ORG#
By mobile phone #PRS_ORG#
that says it's having trouble syncing
I log in to #PRS_ORG#, and then I try to associate #PRS_ORG#
I now entered through #PRS_ORG# and am trying to link again
Portuguese (Brazil): says that he can't find the account
I tried but I couldn't find it either
In the site of #PRS_ORG#  i normally soon
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try to synchronize it says the system is not available
hello
but I am logging normally in #PRS_ORG# and in #PRS_ORG# I just can not associate
I will try.
I am still making changes.
We could not find an account with that email address or password.
Check that you typed correctly.
that
the two are the same email
I can log into #PRS_ORG# with #PRS_ORG#, but when I go through the bookstore, I get this message
Brazilian Portuguese: but when it works right away on the bookstore website
Thank you, I await your return.
Brazilian Portuguese: just that
thank you
Since January, I haven't been able to pay #PRS_ORG# in #PRS_ORG# and can't buy as I used to.
My credit card limit is the same.
#EMAIL#
Several, High ground, the joe nesbo knife etc.
I missed the connection, or are you checking?
I already tried that.
my computer
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# website
What private browser?
I did not notice, I always did the same way.
I don’t even know if it is possible to buy anonymously
But how?
I enter the site, clean my information and buy?
How do I pay?
A laptop with #PRS_ORG#
I do not understand, do I leave the site?
Wants me to sign up again to #PRS_ORG#.
Won't it be better if we talk directly?
But why?
I can't do this with my password and email?
I can't understand him.
Leaving the chat first will not follow the verification
Brazilian Portuguese: According to I still haven't figured out how to enter as anonymous, I never entered
To go to my account, they ask for my email and password.
Could it be a mobile phone?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you follow the process by phone with me, or not?
No, I have never done that.
I want to do it on PC, but talk to you
Our conversation isn’t going well because I don’t know anything about computers
I'll try again and if it doesn't go well, I have to go back to chat?
Answer what I ask sff
Good morning, my #PRS_ORG# has entered into recovery mode, and I can no longer understand it
enter the page of #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
great #NAME#.
he enters the configuration screen, I can log in with the wifi network, date and time, he tries to make an update, but it always gives an error
More or less 4 years
yes
is open
Brazilian Portuguese: ask for email and password
I was able to enter.
there appears to be no books found
several of them yes
Brazilian Portuguese: the last purchase was less than 1 month ago
Brazilian Portuguese: that is the same email that I sent you.
Brazilian Portuguese: nao
Yes
I bought it through the device itself.
i have an email from #PRS_ORG#,  #EMAIL#
I will check it.
yes what do I do
Brazilian Portuguese: certo a moment
#NAME#, I can't log in with this email, no account found
I tried to sign in by clicking on the icon as you said, there was no option to sign in with the new account, I logged in again in the link you had sent and it said that no account was found with that email.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
how do I do that
The existing options are: new tab, new window, and new anonymous window.
Brazilian Portuguese: sure and then
You don't have anything to say to me yet?
Dear #NAME#, can you tell me why I can’t finish buying ebooks on #PRS_ORG#?
I was with #NAME# in chat but was not told anything
#EMAIL#
Terra Alta
I don't use #PRS_ORG#
Can I use the #PRS_ORG#?
But for that they would need to provide me with the data for the payment and the situation would not be resolved
How do you verify this?
But I do not know how to check that
And this problem has only been going on for about a month.
What will you need?
ok
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
The msg when I try to finalize the purchase is "OPs, there was an error"
#PRS_ORG#, no message
How is the screen captured?
I've already read the message that appears and sent it before
It is a laptop with dockstation
Where does one see this?
OK.
I'll be waiting.
Thank you.
I do not remember my login and password for #PRS_ORG# (I am unable to activate it).
Maybe there's some old account (that I don't remember) that is not linked to #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactivate and retrieve my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please, I’m out of options, totally stuck
My current email is #EMAIL# (in #PRS_ORG#).
In #PRS_ORG#, I don't remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two books in english essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
gone with the wind - margareth mitchel
I can’t log in to #PRS_ORG# nor log in to #PRS_ORG# (I forgot which initial login I used, it may have been an old duplicate)
Before logging out of #PRS_ORG#, I synchronized several times and it didn't download the latest purchase from #PRS_ORG# - I then logged out and couldn't identify the old (and duplicate, I think) login, nor the new one: by email #EMAIL#
perfect, that's the old one - I don't use that email anymore, it was #EMAIL#, it is inactive.
I need it to be the one from current culture: #EMAIL#
I did it now, and it does not recognize
"We couldn't find an account with this e-mail address or password.
Verify that you typed correctly."
I tried this option.
he doesn't recognize the account
Brazilian Portuguese: also did not give
Brazilian Portuguese: maybe it would be better to disassociate the old one, to leave it 'unpolluted'.
I love the #PRS_ORG# and I plan to use it forever
Brazilian Portuguese: so, option 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
did it work?
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you very much!!
For you too, a great day!!
I bought two ebooks and I don't know how to view them??
#EMAIL#
14/01/#NUMBER# Ebooks Astral body and mental body
I downloaded it from the website, #URL#, but I don’t know how to access the eBook.
how do I do it?
Can I start now??
Is the chat going to be unavailable?
Ape
A screen appears, but it does not have the NÃO option.
It is not a setup screen.
When I accessed the site #URL#, a screen appeared, with the message: How may we help?
No, but it was the system that directed me, I followed what you sent.
I intend to buy several ebooks from the same site.
If we can solve the problem it would be good for everyone...
This is the screen that appears
There is no option to choose NO.
He downloaded it and I chose NAO.
Is that right?
I click on exe??
He asks if I can let the application make changes?
Run #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon has been created
Opened a login screen and creating an account is that right?
The system says it did not find an account or password...
Yes.
Gave as completed synchronization
Have you opened a help home page??
It is not opening the screen.
The two books appear, but when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open??
Thank you #NAME#.
Goodnight.
Good afternoon.
I have a #PRS_ORG# for many years, it is asking for new configuration and I can not do it.
What can I do?
I need to speak with someone.
Please help me old desperate (67a) Thanks
#EMAIL#
I do not remember, I was doing the purchase of The Count of #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect with wi-fi it recognizes it as correct and then it shows a page indicating network error.
No!
Brazilian Portuguese: and yes to START the e-read.
Detail: I did not touch anything and did not do anything different from what I had been using for years.
I'm a layman in "computer", how do I do?
How do I start?
I clicked
What is #NAME#?
Transfer what now?
Was it done, and now what?
03 items appeared: #PRS_ORG#(5) #PRS_ORG#(6) and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the download folder
I am a left-handed zero at the computer.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" (I think)
It opens as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I execute it?
Is running
Finished and created a shortcut on the desktop.
I opened the program
Ok I did step 5
I can't DO anything and #PRS_ORG# is completely anarchic.
I'm more lost than I was
I think it worked, I'm trying to access the #PRS_ORG#.
I'm trying to log in with #PRS_ORG# and it does not recognize the email.
I can't, I don't have the patience.
I am old I NEED TO CLEAR THINGS UP BY TALKING, I CAN'T STAND IT.
PLEASE HOW DO I SOLVE MY PROBLEM .HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
You do not understand, you were born with the computer, I was not.
The teaching method is great for those who understand computers, but not in my case.
I greatly appreciate your brilliant attention.
What you are doing is social exclusion.
Greetings
Do you want to help me?
Say a phone number so that he can call and possibly solve the problems with the "blessed" device.
I don’t change my mind: it is social exclusion.
You will feel one day what it's like to go through a similar situation.
I just requested the book Box trilogy o século
And a msg about a card problem popped up.
I repeated the purchase 3 times and got the same message.
However my card approved all the purchases.
What do I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man q loved dogs.
Where can I find this?
In the #PRS_ORG#?
Why failed?
In relation to these failed requests, will they be cancelled?
#NAME#, can I do this procedure on my cell phone?
It's just that I'm not exactly a hacker, kkk
Good morning!
Brazilian Portuguese: N
My #PRS_ORG# no longer turns on, I want to access my books through the app, but I can’t remember the password and my email changed.
How can I proceed to recover my books?
the old email was #EMAIL#
The current one is #EMAIL#
I think it was the Sappiens from #NAME#.
that
many others
all my books are in that account
Brazilian Portuguese: you see, I buy the books by #PRS_ORG# and they enter #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# pifou
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was the company where I worked
I don't have that email anymore and when I put that email in, I forgot my password, the password goes to that email
I need the password to be sent to my email #EMAIL#
Can you help me?
thank you very much
would be great
Brazilian Portuguese: the login email is #EMAIL#
and I put I forgot the password
is that?
that
that’s it, thanks!
do I wait here?
ok
I can already see it.
We could not find an account with this e-mail address or password.
Check if you have entered correctly.
I put in the password and this msg came up
okay
okay
ok
It worked
it didn't work
I still don't have access.
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: it was the quw
hello
We were not able to find an account with that email or password.
Check if you have correctly entered it.
I log in with #EMAIL#
and I put the password and it doesn't work
I'm going to try it with #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: now it entered, where do I locate the books?
I am in the website.
I don't understand.
Brazilian Portuguese: on the website
I'll try here.
thank you so much
something is being called again
thank you for your attention
Hello, I was setting up the billing address but there is no field to define the taxpayer number.
This way, the invoice won’t be valid.
Where can I define the taxpayer number to buy books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
I'm talking to who?
In English it is VAT number
There is no place to define this.
and in order to have invoice is mandatory to define the portuguese VAT number
OK, and where do I contact you?
Can I send the order to some email?
Yes, VAT in English is IVA in Portuguese.
I noticed.
Yes, what's the email?
I am going to buy a book now and already try to ask for the invoice.
if I cannot, I ask you
2 minutes.
I have finished the purchase.
but now I need the invoice
It appears that in the meantime, I am no longer speaking to the same person..
#NAME#, I spoke to your colleague before because I needed an invoice and there was no space on the site to set the VAT number
I then needed the receipt from the purchase I made.
I just bought the book "Cronica de paixões e caprichos" by #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: can send invoice with the data:
Tax Identification Number/ VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
City and Postal Code: #ADDRESS#
Parents: Portugal
Thank you very much!
no, it's just
Good job!
Brazilian Portuguese: Likewise!
#EMAIL#
I signed up today.
I plan to make my first purchase now
Hello
I am trying to make the online purchase but at the moment of processing the screen is locked and the purchase is not processed
is this a chat ?
I have already tried to make the purchase using different credit cards, with different search engines, using a laptop, a smartphone and even the smartphone app
the screen stays locked
I already tried it from the smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and this #PRS_ORG# laptop
Brazilian Portuguese: the laptop is personal
and the smartphone is personal too.
I have no idea what VPN is
Brazilian Portuguese: I already tried to make the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with my laptop and smartphone and even with the smartphone application
Portuguese (BR): if there is no Ok solution
it must be a problem of #PRS_ORG# as I have never had this problem before
I tried.
I cleaned cookies and whatnot.
Brazilian Portuguese: and I tried to make the purchase again
It was blocked again.
must be having a problem.
in processing
credit card
I have already tried with a #PRS_ORG# and a #PRS_ORG#.
I don't use #PRS_ORG#.
considering all that I have tried the problem must be from #PRS_ORG#
Okay
Okay.
OK
I am trying
Brazilian Portuguese: still gagged
It was again blocked.
Brazilian Portuguese: when I move forward, little bars appear, making a circular motion
indefinitely
How do I turn on this “anonymous mode”?
I have never had difficulty buying online
well... thank you for your attempts
well, I've tried everything but it didn't work
I think your site is having problems processing the payment
good night
I will buy the audiobook from another site.
I'm unable to sync account #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
It always says the password is incorrect, even though it is the same password that I used to log into the website #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I receive it when I try to log in
You can
I answered the email.
#NAME#
But this happens when I try to link the account
From Brazilian Portuguese: When I go to my account/authenticate account
Open the account login from #PRS_ORG# and it says that it is incorrect
Just a minute.
I'm on the computer so that's why it's taking a while
I am trying to capture the screen
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the option to insert the login of the culture does not appear
When I click to link the account it opens the account login #PRS_ORG#
And then this error pops up
but the login that is giving the error is the one of #PRS_ORG#
already seen this error before when i opened the app
Dear sirs, my books have all disappeared from my ereader, what should I do?
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Another email that may have been used is:
#EMAIL#
Good day to be born, #NAME#
It is a title: Book = Good morning to be born
This book disappeared like many others over more than #NUMBER# books.
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yeah I bought it now for testing but I had over #NUMBER# books...
Is there any other way, #PRS_ORG# found all my books but couldn't transfer them, they asked to contact you guys
all bought
The possible emails are:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL# (I no longer have access to it)
Thank you...
What now?
I don't have access to the last email.
I can log in with #EMAIL#, but there are only three books available. I need to log in with the email that I don't have access to anymore: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but what about later when he asks me for the password?
I haven’t used that email for many years...
It is possible to transfer to the account:
#EMAIL#?
OK then I'll wait.
Thank you
OK...
OK thanks so much, great hug...
Currently no.
Everything is okay.
Thank you very much, have a good weekend.
Goodbye and all the best...
I bought two books a few days ago on the #PRS_ORG# website but the book doesn’t open and there is an error message: Opa!
This document could not be opened.
There is probably a problem with your file.
(I already synchronized and restarted the e-reader and it didn’t solve it)
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Delta de Vênus (I bought it a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Delta of Venus and The House of Happy Buddhas
I didn't find item 5.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would the item be to log out?
I didn't find a way out
Okay
I'm defining it.
I can't remember the password.
I'll create a new one.
And then, all that is left is to synchronize?
Okay
He directed me to log in on #PRS_ORG#
Ready.
I found it.
#PRS_ORG# is entering.
Does this mean that if I buy books in another site I'll need to do the same thing to be able to read them?
Okay.
To enter automatically only if I buy from #PRS_ORG#?
All right.
I was able to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations for your patience.
Where can I leave a compliment?
No.
Good night and happy life.
:) Thanks a lot
Good morning
I'm having problems accessing a book I've just bought.
In the #PRS_ORG# program, on both the computer and the phone, it is not in the library.
#EMAIL#
Today is 11/02/#NUMBER#.
exactly
I downloaded the application of #PRS_ORG#, I have :) #PRS_ORG# in the computer and android in the smartphone
Brazilian Portuguese: right
Brazilian Portuguese: right
the book is already in the library
is transferring now
yes it seems everything is okay with the book on android device
ok
yes I've already done it
My books are the library, right?
I clicked on the icon but nothing appears
I can't find any profile icon
Brazilian Portuguese: not...
the #PRS_ORG# logo and a search window
Brazilian Portuguese: no
I'll send an image if that's okay?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Okay =)
I have already installed it.
and I am seeing that the last book is being automatically downloaded
thank you so much for the help =)
No, that's it.
Thank you very much
Hi, my #PRS_ORG# is not functioning properly, the touch screen does not work.
#EMAIL#
One of the books I have on #PRS_ORG# is called 10% happier
Brazilian Portuguese: It doesn't react at all
he normally turns on, it's charging but no tones work on the screen
not even by hooking up the computer is it possible to activate any command in the screen.
right
okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: only aura
I do not have access to the wifi
ok
I can not remove the cap
Is this the back of the #PRS_ORG#?
or a specific cover?
I'm trying to remove the cover on the bottom
apparently it is not possible to remove them
that didn't clarify anything, it's the same message
I am trying to open the back but it is very hard.
I do not want to force
Brazilian Portuguese: right
How do I proceed to see the replacement possibility?
he was bought in #NUMBER# in Salvador/BA city
It's fine
right
thank you
I can't open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your application and it still does not work.
You say that it's synchronized and that's it
Good afternoon
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
I only have one ebook
I bought on Friday
Introduction to industrial organization
Zip code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
what is the profile icon
I already did it.
The e-book is in my account.
Always was!
I am unable to open it
I already did all this and it did not work.
To whom can I address a complaint and ask for a refund of the money.
A message just appeared that says: synchronization finished
Brazilian Portuguese: and now?
How do I open the book???
It's already opened.
Very bad service!
Not
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/09/#NUMBER#
endgame
My #PRS_ORG# screen freezes up every once in a while, it’s happening right now, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens
endgame
Brazilian Portuguese: my # PRS_ORG# screen freezes now and then, it just happened again, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it, it does not work
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect with the desktop application to make updates, but since the screen is locked I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the pc
even today
spent the morning charging
I will try it
I am already in the part of the instructions for configuration
the problem is that however much I touch the screen, I can't do anything
Brazilian Portuguese: seems that the screen sensor is not working
correct
Is there no possible arrangement?
unfortunately the #PRS_ORG# is no longer under warranty
Brazilian Portuguese: it's always when it ends that problems appear
and a partner like #PRS_ORG# won't find?
to stay the same or worse (if that is possible) it is better not to
My #PRS_ORG# is #PRS_ORG#, of the ones now on sale which is the closest one?
What discount are you talking about?
Would there be a deadline for using the discount?
if it does not matter, I thank you
When I choose the device that I want, how do I receive the discount code?
do I have to contact you again?
OK.
thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: likewise!
Yesterday (2/10/21) I completed the purchase of a book and after synchronizing several times with my #PRS_ORG#, it is not loaded on my device.
Your order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me guidance?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- #PHONENUMBER#)
This above: #EMAIL#
But I have another that may be on the register: #EMAIL#
Was any data missing?
Because I received an e-mail confirming this.
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: option #PRS_ORG#?
I did logout and now, when I log in, it appears that I should "Login with #PRS_ORG#" - is that it?
The purchased book appeared, but several books bought before were gone.
How can I access them?
They were books bought from the #PRS_ORG# website
But then I have to switch between the #PRS_ORG# login and the #PRS_ORG# store?
OK
I forgot the password for #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it - sorry.
I tried to log in and the page appears:
There is already a #PRS_ORG# account with this email.
Linking your accounts allows you to access all your books in My Books.
- then it appears an option to connect via #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG#.
I haven’t done anything yet.
Brazilian Portuguese: there is the option "skip" the page
okay
what about pulo ?
I understood that it was to jump before logging out and ended up logging into the #PRS_ORG# account - but I think it worked because it appreciated the previous books and the book bought yesterday.
Question: If I buy again from store #PRS_ORG# will the same thing happen (do I have to switch logins)?
Understood.
Last doubt: is there a possibility of me finding an item only in the #PRS_ORG# store and not in #PRS_ORG#?
I ask this because when I bought this book, it was not available in principle at the bookstore, but only at the shop #PRS_ORG#.
But now I saw that it is also on the bookstore's website (maybe I made some mistake on the search).
Brazilian Portuguese: ok.
Thank you very much for your attention and kindness.
Good morning.
Hi I sent a link request to retrieve my password and until now I haven't received anything in my email
#EMAIL#
I bought an e-book today
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello.
Yes
I forgot my password
Yes
What should I do once I have entered #PRS_ORG#?
Sure.
I already accomplished that.
However, I have two other doubts.
Could you help me?
Actually, three.
The first doubt is if I change my phone can I install again the #PRS_ORG# App, just with the password of #PRS_ORG#?
Or will I need a password from #PRS_ORG#?
The second doubt is that email that I have linked to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was advised to create a private email for my personal accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Ok for the first doubt.
My third question is that I accidentally deleted the e-book that I bought and can't get it back.
Is it still possible to get that book back?
*removed an e-book
Second doubt: this is why I am trying to log into the #PRS_ORG# website and as I don’t remember the password, I can’t change my email.
Can you help me?
In short I need to reset the password for #PRS_ORG# in order to change the email for my account and try and retrieve a book I accidentally removed.
Brazilian Portuguese: *alterar
I have my cell phone.
Is it possible to do this operation without a computer?
Brazilian Portuguese: * without one
But I know my password for #PRS_ORG#
I can only do that later.
Now I am on my phone only.
What time does this chat work?
Okay.
I will get in touch as soon as I get home.
Grata.
I can't shop using a card #PRS_ORG# associated with my account, it's giving a server error.
#EMAIL#
I am not yet able to complete any purchase.
Did I get disconnected?
None, just tried to do shopping via card, which didn’t work.
The books I tried to buy are in the shopping cart.
The message, in short, is server error, to try again later.
This is the message that you have been told before this contact.
Server error #PRS_ORG# on purchases with card, to try again later.
Your information said that the problem had already been resolved, which did not happen.
To do this, I had to exit the chat, which doesn't seem to be advised.
I will try.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
An error occurred and this page could not be loaded at this time.
Please try again later.
Do you want to keep seeing this message?
Go to #URL#
I already tried, but it doesn't work because I can't display the image, but that's the message that I receive.
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
That was the best I could do
Yes, with #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with #PRS_ORG#, which I no longer use.
I only receive the message when I try to make the purchase.
I already tried to buy the books one by one and the result was the same
Anonymous, how?
I still do not understand how to open an anonymous window
OK, what next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, and since I can't make any purchase for the moment, I would appreciate if you could let me know if the anomaly is temporary or if it's just mine or any other procedure I should carry out.
Grateful
I thank you all in advance for all of the support and I hope I don’t regret being a client of #PRS_ORG#.
Thank you very much.
Continuation of a good job
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG#, THEY ENTERED INTO MY CELLPHONE BUT NOT INTO #PRS_ORG#, HOW TO DO
#EMAIL#
FEBRUARY 12
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
7 books: Hidden Star, Maybe Someday, Behind Her Eyes, Shadows of Summer, Remember Me, A Place in Your Heart, The Disappearance of #NAME#
E-reader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Connecting... Last sync on 29/01/21
Does not exit from this screen
They entered,,, Thank you.
Yes
Yes.
Thanks for your help.
Perfect
No.
Everything is alright.
Have a great day
Hello.
I have the #PRS_ORG# application on my tablet, logged into #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account in #PRS_ORG#.
Each account has a specific password.
I just bought an ebook on #PRS_ORG#, but I don't know how to download it on the tablet app.
#EMAIL#.
On the tablet, I only have one book sample downloaded this month.
In #PRS_ORG#, I made my first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#).
okay.
#PRS_ORG#
I did it.
Only the sample I downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# store appears on the home screen.
The ebook purchased from #PRS_ORG# does not appear.
Because the #PRS_ORG# account is new, maybe the problem is with linking the two accounts - the bookstore's and #PRS_ORG#'s.
The same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a PDF copy.
Yes, the title is this one.
Okay, the book has been included.
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: It's just me at the moment.
Thank you again.
Okay.
Good morning.
I bought a book and it was discounted four times from my card
okay.
Good night
#EMAIL#
18/02/#NUMBER#
okay.
this
in the statement there are 4 transactions
I didn't even use the product since the purchase was just made
I would like to cancel the purchase
please
The magic of time management
From #NAME#
I cannot do that because it shows up on my husband's cellphone
Brazilian Portuguese: The bank app is not named celular
And I'm accessing from the computer
I would like the cancellation of my purchase by the insured right in the consumer protection code please
If I change screens will it close the chat?
I am from the legal department and I am recording everything that is being said
If I change the tab, will the conversation close?
If I do not close the conversation, I will try to send it now
Just a moment
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
5 transactions were made.
Two were cancelled and three were carried out.
It's the most I can send you
I don’t have access to the bank account
I want a refund for just one charge, not all of them
I don't want the product, it's my right as a customer
Okay
Thank you
It's great.
Just that.
Thank you very much #NAME#!!
Equally!
Good morning,
Today I bought an ebook #NAME#.
When I enter my account, in the purchase history option, my product appears, but my product doesn't appear in my library... how can I fix this?
#EMAIL#
Feb 19 #NUMBER#
ok
if you check out my library, you can see that the product does not appear
however, he is in my purchase history
I am trying to read on my computer #PRS_ORG#
the other books in my library I read normally
Brazilian Portuguese: but this specifically "DOES NOT APPEAR IN MY LIBRARY"
in the internet
more if it shows up there in the list of products purchased... because it does not appear in my library...
#NUMBER# years
more what does that have to do...
ah good...
ah yes...
Brazilian Portuguese: I just would like to understand
Brazilian Portuguese: how does it appear in my purchase history there with you
Brazilian Portuguese: could you provide me the Id of the product in #PRS_ORG# in order to contact the partner
so it's good then...
thank you!!
Yes, I always buy there
not very thank you!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good day,
I recently purchased a #PRS_ORG#, however I am having trouble connecting it to my computer.
It just starts to charge without showing any option to connect.
Greetings,
#NAME#
yes
I have tried this on more than one computer.
yes
Homepage
#4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I am doing what is recommended
In English: nothing appeared for me to connect to the computer and everything is the same...
the home page, which has the symbol that it is loading
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: and it's still the same...
Brazilian Portuguese: nothing appears
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try to set it up it says to connect to the device when it is already connected
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: nd...
n, but thank you nonetheless
thank you and also
Good evening, I'm having problems processing my payment.
Good evening, I am having problems processing the payment.
#EMAIL#
No purchases have been made so far
Hello?
But that process has been done many times before.
It seems like the information is correct and the transaction appears as "Transaction in progress", but then it suddenly ends the loading and goes back to the shopping cart
Okay
Right now I'm trying to buy again
The situation remains the same.
The system assumes the transaction but returns to the shopping cart
To go through this process all over again?
But I just did it now
I let it be, I thank you for the help but it seems nothing really solves it
Initially I was doing the process in the E-Reader application, as it did not work I moved on to the #PRS_ORG# browser in incognito mode
Brazilian Portuguese: And it continues on the same line
I will do this and try again
No.
He continues as before.
I cleaned my cookies and cache and when I went to checkout I entered my payment information again
Brazilian Portuguese: continues to return to the cart without completing the purchase
I am doing this in the #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
On my mobile device, I tried using the #PRS_ORG# app
Everything's ok
It's not just this problem.
I will wait for answer to the situation
I appreciate your attention
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# stopped calling
#EMAIL#
I don't know
the device does not turn on
Brazilian Portuguese: turn on the screen light
the switch light flickers and nothing happens
It doesn't matter to the computer
Brazilian Portuguese: doesn’t do manual restoration...
#PRS_ORG#
already, but nothing happened...
already tried with the device on the mains and nothing happened
Also connected to the computer's usb... nothing happened
I think this is the email
#EMAIL#
this email, as the other is professional and I just got it
#PRS_ORG#
Many years ago
at least 5 years
Despite clicking the button for a long time, it never completely turns off the screen, always remaining with the logo #PRS_ORG#.
It never goes black nor gives any other image
When I release the button the only thing it does is flash the button light, the screen turns on and... nothing happens...
right now it is connected to the usb port of the computer and I am pressing the h+ button for more than a minute and nothing is happening
ok.
How do I make the #PRS_ORG# glo synchronize/configure with a computer?
#EMAIL#
I don't remember , it was saved, but I bought it on e #NUMBER#
I had to reset the #PRS_ORG# , and now it won't configure by computer or wifi
in wifi it starts and after error
in the computer it only loads
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it doesn't recognize the #PRS_ORG#
this
Brazilian Portuguese: before it worked perfectly
Yes, I tried on 6 doors and an old notebook
he only loads
And I also changed the cable
when I put it on the computer it asks me to download #PRS_ORG# desktop
just q he doesn't recognize it
I tried it on the desktop now, I even made a new account and it asks to connect the cable, I changed the port and it keeps happening
how do I do this factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
he does not exit from this screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
if I go back to the screen it asks me to choose the language
there's no way I can reset it like that
Brazilian Portuguese: ok!
Brazilian Portuguese: so it's in this configuration screen and still giving network error and only connects to micro to charge
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: em #NUMBER#
worse than that it is not on, I even tried putting the clip in the reset hole
and the screen freezes
but thanks for the help, I'll keep looking for a solution
ok! just that
thank you
I purchased the book #NAME# and I didn't receive it at #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: request #PHONENUMBER#-01
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# cinnamon and cloves
#NAME# cinnamon and cloves
only managed to watch four episodes
Brazilian Portuguese: pre visualization
Brazilian Portuguese: ios
Portuguese: the book that appears [and PRE-VIEW
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
THE #PRS_ORG# DOWNLOADED BOOK HAS ONLY 4 CHAPTERS, TWO IN PART ONE AND TWO IN PART TWO.
THEREFORE, IT IS INCOMPLETE.
Does logout mean "End session"?
Brazilian Portuguese: exits.
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: leaves and returns
Brazilian Portuguese: o livro gabriela continua incompleto
sai
exits
I am saying that he leaves,
I’ll do it now.
Can I?
I logged in again.
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
I created it with option #PRS_ORG#.
I am.
I entered with the login from Livraria Cultura and the book #NAME# is still not available.
I am checking.
It seems that it worked.
thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: obrigado e tenha felicidades
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: order number: already #PHONENUMBER# and still can't read it.
Only the sample is appearing, not the whole book.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 23/02/#NUMBER#
okay.
Yes.
always access when I buy easily
but this time this book only lets me read the sample and does not unlock all items
#PRS_ORG#
ONLY THIS BOOK I BOUGHT TODAY EARLY IS GIVING THIS PROBLEM: THE MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
REQUEST #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
THERE IS ANOTHER #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Lupa da Alma, the end of Alzheimer, Nietzech today
Brazilian Portuguese: it can.
But what about future purchases I make, will this problem happen again?
thank you for the orientation.
how do I do it?
yes
I've played it
that the book that I bought is no longer there
Can I put it back in the library?
ok I'll wait
Perfeito deu certo.
Thank you very much for your attention and have a great day
My #PRS_ORG# was restarted and books that were bought (except one) and PDF files disappeared.
How can you solve this?
Good morning!
The e-mail is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order number #PHONENUMBER#
Okay, have a great day as well.
There is another e-mail, to where the receipt of the above request was sent: #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
One moment, please
I'm a bit confused, but it is #PRS_ORG#, that I found in "About #PRS_ORG#"
I found
#EMAIL#
Let's go: 1. How do I get out of account #PRS_ORG# and where: on #PRS_ORG# or on the computer?
; 2. how do I log in with a new email?
Sorry, but I'm not very familiar with these modernities.
I am connected to the WiFi but I don't know how I set it up, even though I think it's easier on the computer.
I am configuring by #PRS_ORG#
Then I come to a page that says: Sign in with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it is visible but when I click nothing happens
Now I'm back.
Since the network crashed, I don’t know if you are online
Hello!
I purchased some ebooks from the #PRS_ORG# website and they didn't show up in the #PRS_ORG# app.
I checked in "My books" in my account on #PRS_ORG# and only the books I had already purchased are there.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: today, 27/2, if not, 14/2
Brazilian Portuguese: not
That's alright
THE SECRET OF MY TURBAN
#NAME#
or   A DUTCH HOUSE
was another title
one of the, pq none of the purchased ones appeared
there were 6 in total
All of the books that I have purchased so far have been from this account, either through #PRS_ORG# or another #PRS_ORG# (website)
Yes
yes, wait a minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
yes, of course
clear
It's okay
yes
this
of course, it is the same
correct
Yes
1 minute
no, this isn't it.
#URL#
A moment
You have only 1 more that I bought right after, I'll send you the invoice
I did receive it, thank you very much.
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
that
Do you know why you didn’t go directly into #PRS_ORG#?
They are all available!!!!
Thank you very much!
:)
empty it?
I didn't understand.
Ah, yes, I understand
Thank you very much and have a nice day!
I understand.
Thanks a lot :)
Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive the email to reset my access password.
My e-mail is #NAME#.
I made the request through the site and the email didn't arrive, it's not in the spam nor the trash.
I tried to access through Livraria Cultura's website and it says that there are two accounts for the same email.
There was an old book in my catalog that I wanted to recover.
Thank you.
It has been a long time since I shop, a very long time.
The book I was looking for was by Patrick O'oneal, if I am not mistaken, "the surgeon's Mate"
yes, I tried by the #PRS_ORG# access and by the direct access to #PRS_ORG#.
But it says that there are two accounts with the same email.
I choose the option #PRS_ORG# in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
This message appears and doesn't let me proceed.
I have another email, can you check if it is possible?
Brazilian Portuguese: the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access.
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: he declines the address, "Missing city information".
Brazilian Portuguese: and there is no field to put the city...
Is there a specific format?
Even selecting Brazil first.
A Chrsitmas Carol
ok, appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
If you can send the request to the higher level to see if they can do something about it with my other account, I would appreciate it.
Ok, thank you very much for the excellent service.
Hello, I got an email stating that I will lose my credit if I do not pay my #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I have already asked and they have blocked my account because I have a comorbidity and the doctor has forbidden me from going to the gym.
How do I do it?
I await a response.
I understand but why charge if my account is locked
I received this email.
Hello I lost the chat here
Hello, Next, since I have comorbidity, I requested that my account be blocked.
And in the meantime I changed my card and they tried to charge and said they would make me lose the credit
I can’t return to the gym or sports due to medical recommendation.
I need my account to remain blocked
OK, but will the fine be imposed?
Brazilian Portuguese: because I can't go to the gym
I need it blocked - I can't go indoors.
by medical order
I #NAME#,
Thanks for contacting us about this and I apologize for any frustration here.
You should have received an email on October 29 notifying you that your subscription was canceled on November 5.
I'm sorry if this went unnoticed!
Under the circumstances, I was able to place your account back into an effective hiatus immediately for that cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of R$189 has been refunded back to your payment method on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method can take longer to process.
However, you should see that money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thank you for your patience!
As your cycle date is the 5th of each month, I have also been able to put your account on a hold for your next cycle from December 5th.
Your subscription will be renewed again on January 5th #NUMBER# at the 30 credits per month plan for R$189/month.
You can make changes to your account at any time, directly through your Account Settings.
I hope this helps, and please let me know if you have any further questions.
Sincerely,
#NAME#.
that email I received when I explained my situation
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Hello #NAME#, good evening
I took a zumba class at 7:30 pm at #PRS_ORG# fitness center today, but the credits were not counted toward the gym.
The class is listed as cancelled.
Could you please debit the credits from my account to the gym?
When did this change?
Because on Tuesday the same thing happened and they regularized it with #PRS_ORG#
But the reservation was canceled on the day of the class.
Probably because the manager did not send the link earlier but I am already part of the group in #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened twice and everything worked through the chat.
The school is in a different country from mine, I can't make the financial transfer to the school.
could someone help me?
Hello, how are you?
Could you help me?
Could you help me?
Another question: if I don't like it and cancel it before the 14 day free trial, it won't be charged to my credit card, right?
hello
I am up to review
could you transfer with a brazilian attendent?
could I attend in portuguese, pls?
lol
but I wnat to choose another rate/value....dor less credits
I know there is a smaller plan which costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Brazilian Portuguese: Portuguese
hellooo
just appear an option
for 15 credits
Brazilian Portuguese: correct
#NAME#, Brazil.
I need help.
Is that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on my login it says 14 days free
#NAME#, next you've been here for a while and I'm not managing to solve...rs
I wanted to reactivate my plan
but automatically it is configured for #NUMBER#
and I would like to re-activate it for #NUMBER# 15 credits
Could you help me?
another doubt:
am I entitled to the 14 days free benefits?
In my login appears
I can't change the cycle
Do you understand?
Brazilian Portuguese: it's automatically filled by #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: yes
Brazilian Portuguese: one min
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: follows
thank you
Hello, how are you?
Can I only see the values if I reactivate my subscription?
Hello sorry.
Can we get back to the chat?
Hello #NAME#.
How are you doing?
I wanted to analyze all the plans of #PRS_ORG# x values
Brazilian Portuguese: but I can not do it on the site...
Do I need to sign up for the trial for a few days to get access to this information?
Okay.
thank you very much!
puts
I couldn't clear my doubt yet.
Could you help me?
Brazilian Portuguese: I would like to reactivate
my account at the moment
but only counts automatic renewal of 30 credits...
Brazilian Portuguese: I would like 15
can you see for me how many credits a modality of a gym registered charges?
Brazilian Portuguese: how can I know how much I should sign?
The studio I am talking about is #PRS_ORG#
Can you see over there?
thank you very much
it would be massage session at the #PRS_ORG# gym located in Campo Belo.
our
all that.
lol
and for me to change the automatic pre-payment of my renewal.
I saw that I could have 14 days free and 10 credits...
I can cancel until when so that there is no charge?
how many days before can I cancel in order to avoid cancellation fees?
hello!
I would like to take a break in my plan.
could they help, please?
hello well
I would like to take a break from my subscription
I have 25 credits to spend yet.
but i don't want to renew my cycle right now
Is it possible to use these credits even with a subscription pause, right?
Great!
and I will not be charged during this period, right?
Maybe!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits that I have?
I understood.
I can take a break for R$25, right?
I don't want to be charged #NUMBER# R$ from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
Brazilian Portuguese: so I would like to know the best option so that I can spend these credits and then cancel the account
I am on this page.
but the only option is one of R$35.00
the other person that was attending to me sent me the following msg
Now that state restrictions have lifted and billing has resumed, we are no longer offering the free 1-month pause plan as a plan change option in your subscription settings.
However you can continue to disrupt your subscription under our 0 monthly credits "digital + access credits" / "access credits + digital" subscription plan at 0 monthly subscription plan for R$25 #NUMBER# months.
Can you change it to me so that only 25.00 is charged please?
I got it!
And then he starts charging me the 25.00 until I cancel the subscription, right?
okay!
If I make this change today, it won't be charged #NUMBER# but 25,00, correct?
ta otimo
Thank you!
No, that's it!
Same to you!
I would like to know the plans
Hello,
I noticed that I'm being charged on my credit card.
I have never used it, I would like to cancel and to be refunded for the months I was incorrectly charged for.
hello
I want you to immediately cancel the charges in my credit card
I want to be reimbursed for the months that I was charged unduly
I will sue them
Brazilian Portuguese: no.
I downloaded the app, did not use it and cancelled it
you wrongfully charged
without my permission.
I don't want credits
I want them to stop charging
and I want the money back
he was charged without justification
not even the app I had more
I camcelei my account before menso using
I never used any class
I am unhappy, I want to cancel and get back the money they have wrongfully charged me.
Yes.
thank you
with whom am I speaking?
#NAME#
Besides the print outs of this conversation, I would like to record the agreement by email.
Brazilian Portuguese: one week, right?
On February 1st #NUMBER#, you'll be making the refund, right?
The copy I already have.
I want an email from you saying what was agreed here.
#EMAIL#
saying it has canceled and will refund
do you have my account?
ok, thanks a lot!
all right!
it does not help in anything else, I will keep the email and the receipts.
thank you
good day to you too!
Brazilian Portuguese: hi, good evening.
How does one cancel?
Hello #NAME#.
Good afternoon.
Do you speak Portuguese?
Any phone number to contact?
I want to hire and have some doubts.
Do you offer personal insurance?
Create an individual account (personal)
Any CrossFit in #PRS_ORG# - Rio de Janeiro - Brazil?
I did not find it on the site
It's not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
what a shame
Niterói
I am in Brazil.
It seems like there isn't one, but I thank you very much for your attention
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving wrong charges on the credit card
the charge is coming from the card of #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
just this one more email
The charge was made on card #NUMBER#, as sent on the photos
This card was cancelled, but this charge continues to appear
To which email should we send it to?
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving incorrect charges on the credit card
the charge is coming in the card of #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous attendant informed me that this email is related to the phone number, right?
But it wasn’t taken into account with you
Okay, please cancel and refund the process.
Provide the refund process*
Just wait then?
Ok, so the money will go straight into the bank account?
Because the card is cancelled.
But if the card was cancelled, how will the refund be made?
Should I check this issue with my card issuer?
Okay, thank you.
For the time being, just that, thank you very much.
Good morning
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the trial period
I am fine
#PRS_ORG# charge me after the trial period
Okay.
Option 3
I tried to cancel via the app but it's giving me an error
Will the #NUMBER# on my bill be refunded?
How do I change plans only, to plan #NUMBER# reals?
I would like to refund #NUMBER# reais and only use 99 reais
It is giving an error
Do you have any phone number that can talk to you guys??
Not yet.
I just want to switch plans and receive a refund of #NUMBER# reais
Ok
If I choose the 99/month plan, can I buy additional credits?
If you miss any class
Okay.
Put me on the lowest plan (99/month) and reimburse the charge for what was loaded on the card bill
I have been attending a gym that my name has not been put into the system.
I made a request for that
Do you know if this issue was resolved?
My yoga - #NAME#
Okay
I will get in touch with the studio.
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: Bom dia
We need budget to provide benefits to our clients.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# can we schedule a meeting to talk about it
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: has a telephonic canto
Brazilian Portuguese: how can we schedule a meeting
Good day #NAME#.
I need a budget or schedule a meeting for the benefit of our customers
