Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
It's going well with you and with you
Nice to hear, I have a problem with ultimate team I was playing my fut draft and just won my 2 game.
I am happy and at the end of the game I got a PRS-ORG error which kicked me out.
Now I click on Ultimate Team again and see that I have automatically been given a load of packs which I am very unhappy about.
Now I can't even do that.
on the ultimate team which I don’t understand
Sorry for bothering you but
This was the only thing that came up in me
The email is EMAIL and my PSN ID is faycal-brahim.
Thank you for your help
Okay thank you for this information I had no idea about it at all.
But what about
At this point we have no further details about it since the issue is already under investigation by our team. I cannot commit any time frame on behalf of my higher authorities else it would be a false commitment. Any new update about it will be shared by our social media team on above shared link. Okey dank u wel voor deze informatie ik wist daar helemaal niks van af. But what about
compensation from me veloren draft
NAME-M is grateful for all the effort you have put in
I wish you continued success in your work and much happiness in the future
Same 👍🏼
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG account with an email address that I no longer have access to.
I used the account to play PRS-ORG.
This is why it is now impossible for me to log in to my PRS-ORG account.
I don't know how the email address was spelled exactly.
If I'm not mistaken, the email was EMAIL
Again, I don’t remember the exact email
The account is linked to my PlayStation account, and I still have access to it.
That account is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hey NAME-M, my name is NAME-N
Can you help me further?
I have had a problem with my transfermarkt on the web app since yesterday evening
I can't buy any players anymore...
I can still buy players on the game itself but not on the web app...
Exactly, I can still access it and can search for players.
But as soon as I want to buy one it gives me this message again
URL
Sure, EMAIL
Oh okay!
Nice to hear
Do you guys have any idea how long it would take before I can buy players again?
Because I still have a few SBCs that I would like to complete:D
I certainly understand that, I will try again later!
That was it for the rest :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I updated my PRS-ORG today and since then I can't start the game.
I had this problem before
but then I fixed it with uninstalling PRS-ORG anticheat
and then reinstall
but I have been trying to fix it since this morning but it is not working
Yes
game doesn’t strat
other games still work like bf and so on
but only with PRS-ORG I get this error
ok gladly
ok I will try and let me know if it doesn’t work
thank you
Hello PSN-NAME-N, nice to meet you.
PRS-ORG email address- EMAIL
No idea what that email address is
The original?
I'm not sure
So I say multiple
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
Okay.
I just want to play PRS-ORG on this account
I am sure the details were correct
But I have now bought PRS-ORG for nothing
So how can I solve this?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I unfortunately did not receive my order
I bought PRS-ORG points online via my phone.
But unfortunately not credited.
That is correct
Not very long ago
Minimum 10 or 15 I think
Okay great!
Then I will wait a bit....I am also not used to it taking longer than that😄
Great!
I know that.
Sorry for wasting your time for now.
Have a nice evening!
And hopefully not until next time😜
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Yes, not good with me.
I have been waiting for you for almost 1 week now!!!
When will I get my top players and 1 million coins back?
And back accessible with transfers.
I'm not going to wait days again!
Do it now
Ready ?
Always the same stories pfff
I am deaf and bored at home by PRS-ORG and want to enjoy playing PRS-ORG!
Ok
Until then
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Name-M
I have 2 problems and 1 question.
Firstly, there seems to be a glitch on the transfer market.
Firstly, there seems to be a glitch on the transfer market. Items that should normally 'expire' are still on 'processing' and therefore do not expire and I can't put them up for sale again.
Also, the problem has been dragging on for 3 weeks that I can only offer 30 items at a time on the transfer market on the web app and on the PRS_ORG app
Also, I asked if there would be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins since this was a mistake and everyone who was able to buy it, got a lot of coins for free.
The first problem has been solved.
It seems like a glitch of a quarter of an hour!
Thank you!
My email address is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you
Another question
Will there be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins?
Since this was a mistake and everyone who could buy it got a lot of coins for free.
Alright, thanks for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Good but I have a problem
On January 15, someone had probably hacked into my account and I didn't even know it, he had sold my cards
In PRS-ORG
Is it possible that I can get my cards back
Is it possible to get my cards back?
Yes, someone sold my PRS-ORG cards to a hacker.
Someone went into my account and sold my players
Can I get my players back on January 15th?
EMAIL and online id is ALPHANUMERICID
ALPHANUMERICID
Yes, I can get my cards back
A HACKER HAS REMOVED MY CARDS I WANT MY CARDS BACK!
It is not incorrect
That person also hacked my email
I want my cards back
I can send photos
I WANT MY CARDS BACK
I had 87 carlos alberto 88 maldini 91 kroos stoickov
And more
Your cancer mother
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my account
Yes of course
I played PRS-ORG on PC from PRS-ORG last year, now I play PRS-ORG on PlayStation but both accounts are on 1 email.
Now I try to log in on the web app, and I can’t switch from account, from PC to PS4
The option is there to switch from PC PRS-ORG to PlayStation PRS-ORG
But he doesn't
And if I want to do that, it keeps freezing and logs me out
Uhm yes, how about you?
Do I need to answer anything else or?
So I can only play on the web app tonight?
Because the web app is down tonight, or can I only do that on the 27th?
Or October 1st?
By that I mean that I can log in to the web app with my PlayStation account instead of the PRS-ORG account
ebook
The PRS-ORG on Thursday 5 August
This ebook has now disappeared from my account
ok thank you.
I don’t see an archive section for my books.
Yes, I can see the missing book now, but I can’t find the archive myself.
In case it happens again
I found it!
Thank you for your help.
Thank you, you too have a great day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a new phone number
I can't confirm the verification code because of
To log in to the PRS-ORG web app
Nice to meet you PRS-ORG, I hope you're doing well. How can I help today?
Yes, that is EMAIL, but because I am no longer a student, I can’t access that email address...
I tried it last week but the chat crashed.
And was the queue quite long
That is why I am trying it one more time now
I would especially like to change my mobile number
But I don't know how easy that can be done
Yes, I understand
Date of birth 29
Billing address: ADDRESS
Phone number: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good evening, NAME-M here
Sure!
I hope that goes for you too.I have a question about the PRS-ORG, as far as I know I still have to go to it every day, then SBC No. 6 will come and then I still need one.
However, the objective ends tomorrow so I would be short of one.
My son has the same problem with his account.
or is there still just enough time to do the last one tomorrow?
Yes, that’s correct, with the accompanying shapeshifters challenge
EMAIL
And EMAIL
My son uses that
Yes of course, I will wait calmly!
I had looked at answers.PRS-ORG, they gave the tip to report it here, then we could see if we had missed a sbc or if there was indeed a mistake in the content
Oh great!
Yes I had read that more people have this but I thought I would just report it for the sake of it.
A free PRS-ORG and a shapeshifter are nice rewards!
No this was it, thanks for your time and your explanation!
I will wait patiently and keep an eye on answers.PRS-ORG and your Twitter account.
Thank you and have a good evening!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I disconnected my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG a while ago.
My account states that it is disconnected from PRS-ORG.
I would like to link a different account to my PRS-ORG.
I followed the steps I found.
I can't seem to get the option to link a new account.
I have contacted PRS-ORG, but they are sending me here
The account that is linked has the email address EMAIL
No, that is the account that PRS-ORG says is linked.
I would like to link it to EMAIL
I am unfortunately not at home right now, so I can't start a game, but I will definitely try it when I am at home.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Name-F
Yes, I can.
I just made 2 purchases for PRS-ORG packages.
It did go from the bank account, but I am not getting a confirmation.
Yes.
I want to buy more, but I don't dare now
That is EMAIL (it is my game email)
And I just pre-ordered Growing Together and the First Fits kit
Good evening,
Last month I took out a trial subscription to PRS-ORG (both books and audio books) and this has also been extended to 31.
Now I realized that I didn't purchase any audiobooks and only wanted to subscribe to buy books.
I have therefore just cancelled my previous subscription as of 30 June and taken out a new subscription.
The problem is that I have now paid twice.
How can this be resolved?
Good evening,\nEnglish: \nLast month I took out a trial subscription for PRS-ORG (both books and audio books) and this was also extended by 31.\nNow I realized that I did not purchase any audio books and only wanted to purchase books, so I just cancelled my previous subscription by 30 June and purchased a new subscription.\nThe problem is that I have now paid twice.\nHow can this be resolved?
NAME-F
Thank you for the message.
My email address is EMAIL.
The last book I bought is PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
My credit card is fine.
Do I have to change my subscription after June 30 or has that already happened?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, I am NAME-M
I have spoken to someone from PRS-ORG before because I lost my account.
He said there was nothing else to be done but I saw someone on the internet who said that it might be possible to try to disconnect your account, could you do this?
Yes I would appreciate it if you could still try to find it.
But I wouldn't know as someone else also said that it's gone (my account)
By the way, it is still useful to know that I lost my account because I wanted to link my account with PRS-ORG
But my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Well, I was hacked a while ago, someone had logged into my PRS-ORG web app and sold all my items.
And I'm not sure what else he did, I'm afraid.
But I wasn't in any case.
But now I am banned for something he did.
That's not really fair is it?
Yes. As I can see your account has been compromised and is missing the players am I correct?
but I could live with that...
until I suddenly got banned even though I don’t know what I did
That's not good to hear!
Thank you for your effort!
that will be really helpful thank you so much!
and I understand that my account is my responsibility.
but a ban for 1000 days is a bit excessive.
I will wait for the answer.
Thank you and have a nice weekend!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have been playing command and conquer on my pc for years, I bought it once, however PRS-ORG now says I don't have it anymore.
he doesn't start up because of this
I can't find that code anywhere.
That's correct, I haven't been able to play it since last week.
EMAIL As per the context: Thank you for bringing this to our attention. As I have understood, you are unable to find your game Command and Conquer on your PRS-ORG account, am I correct? klopt, sinds vorige week niet meer Thank you for confirming. Please be rest assured, I will check what best I can do in order to resolve your concern. To begin with, may I know the email linked with your PRS-ORG Account?
ALPHANUMERICID I am now starting to doubt whether it was not linked to my other mail
I'm trying that now
This is really mega stupid, he was linked to my other email address....
he's doing it again :)
My credit card is not stored properly again.
I had this problem last month and I already chatted about it.
Can this be solved? I don't want to have to report this every month...
EMAIL: My credit card is not stored correctly again. This problem happened last month and I already chatted about it. Can this be solved? I don't want to have to report this every month...
PRS-ORG is the most recent ebook
My problem is in the first message...
credit card has expired and I have already reported the new one many times, but the old one is always put back.
I don’t want to get the notification every month that my account is not being renewed and every month have to add my credit card again
Yes, I did that at the time.
Payment for April was successful.
Now payment for May has failed again
ALPHANUMERICID
that number has remained the same
so that is the number that appeared on the new card
yes please.
I will do it one more time.
How can I escalate if it happens again next month?
I will do it on another PC.
I will get started myself.
Thank you, hopefully it will work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am blocked from the transfer market.
but I haven't done anything wrong
I have already contacted you 3 times but it has been rejected 3 times.
If you could tell me how to prove it, I would do that.
EMAIL
I think it's because I put players on it.
And suddenly they were sold for more than they were worth.
but I can't do anything about people hating this item
I think it may have happened because I have put players on it. And suddenly they have been sold for more than they are worth. But I can't do anything about people wanting to buy them.
I know that this is against PRS-ORG policies.
I would never do this.
As you can see in my account, I have had an account for a long time and have never done anything wrong
That is why I would like to open a dispute for the 4th time.
I really hope this gets resolved.
Thank you, that was it.
Could you please let me know that they are looking at it very carefully
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Name-F
I keep getting an error message when installing.
The anticheat is stuck
I can send you a picture of the error message if you want.
EMAIL
NAME-M, are you still there?
PRS-ORG id: PRS-ORG
I play on PC
Error message: An error occurred in the PRS-ORG Service.
Please restart the game.
The game ALPHANUMERICID has not been played yet
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I am playing all the episodes.
and afterwards a video of someone else playing it.
And I noticed that they could change their hand weapon.
For example, from a police baton to a foldable version.
But the option has completely disappeared for me.
If I remember correctly, it is EMAIL.
It has been a while since I created this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my first name is NAME-M
I have a question about the PRS-ORG packages.
I understand that you need to be lucky.
And that I have to be lucky with all the packages from e.g.
I understand that you really do get an 84 plus standard.
I also understand that with the icon that I am lucky to get 86 Ballack.
But when I do the SBC hero twice in a row and then get Campos twice in a row, I think this goes too far.
Just like I said before, I understand that you need to be lucky. And I understand that with the packages of 81+, 83+ and 85+, I actually get the standard rating.
But 2x a hero SBC in a row and then also 2x the same player NAME-M
I don’t actually like the probability, but I do understand it.
But as I just said, I totally understand that you are not happy with the pack probability.
I think that is going too far
Then I know enough and also that this was the last penny that went into it.
Because I find this too ridiculous for words.
I'm not complaining about the extremely bad packages I get further.
But it is ridiculous. I am not complaining about the extremely poor packages I receive.
It is a shame that nothing is done about it, but it is clear how PRS-ORG treats its customers with hate
As I already mentioned, the probabilities are known, but what I just mentioned is, in my personal opinion, just too far-reaching, given what you have to give up for it.
But I know enough, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
My name is NAME-N
Yesterday I tried to play PRS-ORG for the first time on my new mac, and it didn't work.
I had removed all the expansion packs, and all the custom content, and he still didn't work.
Today it does work again.
Is there a problem with macbooks with Os ventura?
At PRS-ORG
Today, it actually worked for the first time to start PRS-ORG.
I am however concerned if it will continue to work.
Via PRS-ORG
Yes, an unknown error is displayed
Okay, thank you.
I'm going to try that.
I want to top up my balance with PRS-ORG.
If I go to my account/payment settings, I can only enter a credit card.
I want to top up my balance with PRS-ORG. When I go to my account/payment settings, I can only enter a credit card.
Oops… no idea
Okay
ADDRESS
I have an ABO with PRS-ORG for free PRS-ORG.
Sometimes I want to buy a book.
Then I need an amount via PRS-ORG
I have done this before, so I know it can be done.
But I can't find it now
thank you.
But I put 25 euros on my PRS-ORG account which I could use to buy books.
This is almost gone, so I want to put another 25 euros on it
Yes, that’s correct.
No gift card But I had set up 25 EUR via PRS-ORG on my account.
I will keep looking.
I was hoping you knew that.
Thank you for your effort
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
I contacted you about the expansion packs over a year ago.
these are not visible in the PRS-ORG. I was then told that there was a bug in my game and they would work on it.
A while later and I still can’t do anything with the expansion packs.
Now I am curious about how it stands and how long this can still go on for
EMAIL
The clear cache has been executed.
The app now gives multiple error messages when I try to open it.
I am now restarting the app
I closed the app via task manager.
it has now restarted
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, I bought PRS-ORG via my Playstation 5 and then downloaded PRS-ORG for free via PRS-ORG.
Now when I play PRS-ORG, after a certain amount of time, I get the message that the session will end in 15 minutes and the game closes?
I purchased the subscription via my playstation account.
The email address for that is EMAIL
Of course
Or did I misunderstand and PRS-ORG is not included for free with PRS-ORG?
Oh okay is hor
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
Except for the balls from yesterday, everything is going well.
I found out yesterday that I was hacked on PRS-ORG and lost all my tradable players and items in the Ultimate team.
I called about this last night and if all is well, case #PHONENUMBER has been created for this.
I was wondering if there was any news about this and how long it takes to solve something like this.
I found out yesterday that I was hacked on PRS-ORG which caused me to lose all my tradable players and items in Ultimate Team.
Okay, thank you.
Then I at least know that everything has arrived etc.
Is it then checked if something from a backup from 24 hours ago can be made o.i.d?
okay clear, then I will wait for it.
Thank you NAME-M and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG Help!
I am doing well, thank you.
And with you?
I just spoke to a colleague of yours about the fact that I haven't received my PRS-ORG points but the amount has been debited from my account
endstand had to attach a screenshot via the laptop
I did that and now I wanted to know if I get my money back or my PRS-ORG points
My day has been pretty good so far.
thank you
I literally bought it an hour ago
Sure?
That’s good, thank you.
then I'll just keep playing all night now because I still need to qualify for weekend league haha.
nice evening and good night already
PRS-ORG is love haha.
It’s okay, I’ll wait.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
Since the new level cap of PRS-ORG, I haven’t received any loot boxes.
I do get the notification that I have received a loot box.
I can’t open it because the tab is not there.
Yes, it's only a few, but still, I would prefer to have them hahah
Sorry yes
Yes, I had tried that.
ah ok thank you
so there isn't much to be done]
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
draft lost because the opponent left the game
I have had this 3 times this week now
I also indicated this via the chat every time.
I also eat that you acknowledge this problem
Yes draft match
the third time already
This has already cost me about 10 euros.
And?
getting the draft token back is not possible if the opponent does the glitch and you know that!
so don’t come up with that solution
I don’t understand why you don’t just give a draft token
Can you see how long I have been logged in today on PRS-ORG?
How long have I been online and when did I log out?
Then you can see that it can never be my fault if I stayed online?
If I can prove that I stayed online, will I get my tokens back?
I can just prove that
When will I receive an email?
I have been waiting for a week.
This is the third time already
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M.
I would like to cancel my membership of PRS-ORG!
That's absolutely correct
But I can't do it on the website.
Because then it says 'you are not a member of PRS-ORG'
But money is being deducted every month!
EMAIL
Okay, thank you for the help
But aren’t you responsible for PRS-ORG charges?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M, and I have already contacted you about the verification emails that are not coming in.
I have now created an alternative email address as requested by you.
Yes, it’s going fine.
That is absolutely correct, and I also cannot see where the problem is
It seems like those mails are bouncers and go back immediately
hence your question to me to try it with a g-mail account
EMAIL
and EMAIL should be added as a test
ALPHANUMERICID
I get that, but I don’t get everything that is automatically generated
EMAIL\nI need the code.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked
I have already run several cases, but nobody can help me.
I just reset my security as recommended by your colleague
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked.
I have already gone through several cases, but nobody can help me.
I have just reset my security settings as recommended by your colleague.
EMAIL
I just got this information from your colleague but I am doing it again
ALPHANUMERICID
This is the new code
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well, and I hope you are too.
I have a question about restoring quick sales from the PRS_ORG app
I think something is not right here?
I had 0 repairs a while ago and was waiting for it to renew so I could get 5 extra repairs, but unfortunately I just saw that only 1 was added and I have already used that one.
And now I have to wait for ALPHANUMERICID again for new 5?
In principle, I only got 1 which should have been 5, I don’t understand that. And now I have to wait for ALPHANUMERICID again for new 5?
Is it possible to solve this?
I think today?
I don’t know the exact time, yesterday there were still 10 hours left, I assume today then?
Now I have to wait for ALPHANUMERICID again for new 5?
Okay, I’ll do that.
thank you for your time
Thanks, I don’t have any other problems luckily :)
Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Hi NAME-M, I have a problem with logging in to PRS-ORG.
My password is incorrect and when I request a new password I don’t receive an email
All folders checked
I also tried a few days ago, and I didn’t receive anything then either.
I just received an email from customer experience, so my address is correct.
EMAIL
You have: 567364
Yes, password reset successful.
I am in.
Thank you for the support!
No, thank you.
That was it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I have recently had a problem with my PRS-ORG game
My little brother (14) used my account and it got banned out of my control.
From PRS-ORG fut transfermarkt.
I recently found out about this and I wonder what we are going to do about it.
I want to change my password now.
My PSN password was recently changed so he could get into my account.
You can check this if possible
Indeed
I saw that you have a live chat so I was wondering if you could help me with this.
Yes, EMAIL
I changed my password about 3 weeks ago for him, not knowing that he would misuse it of course.
I don’t want to call it abuse, but yes, he did do it.
moment
Thank you! I have sent a verification email, please check. The email has the subject line "Verify ownership of your PRS-ORG Account" and you may have received it in your inbox or spam inbox. My password I changed a little 3 weeks ago for him, not knowing that he would misuse it of course. I don’t want to call it misuse but yes he did.
That’s good.
you also give all the details, right?
Yes, did you put in the details that I mentioned?
because that is leading for this story
ok thank you
I bought a book about half an hour ago in your app but the book still doesn’t appear in my ebooks
I bought a book about half an hour ago in your app, but the book is still not in my ebooks
I bought that ebook today
Tuesday 23 February
The money has indeed already been debited
PHONE NUMBER CREDIT CARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 14:36 CREDIT CARD
I can see it.
Thank you very much!
I get quite confusing emails, on the one hand the deduction (rightly so) of my monthly amount and on the other hand the notification that my payment has not been completed.
Is this last one spam or how does this work?
EMAIL: I am getting rather confusing emails, on the one hand the deduction (rightly so) of my monthly amount and on the other hand the notification that my payment has not been completed.
I am currently reading PRS-ORG
ALPHANUMERICID 91D; Just to be clear, you are currently chatting with the husband of PRS-ORG, hope that's not a problem.
I handle all the administration for us and I was surprised by the subsequent emails.
NAME-N reads mostly (with great pleasure ☺
Yes, it concerns two mails from last Thursday, January 28th, at 13:16.
The strange thing is that the subscription had been running smoothly for a long time, but suddenly there was a request for payment to be restored in December.
By the way, the charge was made as usual.
My daughter recently restarted the sign-up process.
Again, we would like to keep the subscription (and preferably without any problems)
The subscription had been running well for a long time, but in December there was suddenly a request for the payment to be restored.
May 2020
At this moment, it is working well!
On January 28th, a normal deduction of €9.99 also took place.
The important thing is that it will continue, so this is a satisfactory answer for now.
If something does happen, we will contact you.
For now, thank you for your time and the answer!
Best regards, NAME-M
No, that’s fine!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
May I ask in Dutch or would you prefer English?
This morning, around noon, the trophy Titan Cup reset the clock to 12 o'clock.
I still have to play a few matches to reach 10.
I am coming home from work earlier today as it needs to be played before 7pm.
Now it turns out it hasn’t been reset.. can you change that?
I understand.
Only a shame that due to a mistake in the server (again) I will miss two packages that contain PRS-ORG+ rating players in total.. I pay for a game to work and this is very unfortunate
Is there a possibility to deliver these packages anyway?
Now I understand that this explanation would work against a child of 18 years.
I myself am a bit older and know well enough that all of this is possible.
It has happened before
When there is missing content, it is also put back on accounts
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good day, I just claimed my division rivals.
I wanted everything untradeable.
But my game froze and I could only press A on option 3.
I have now the coins and a few packs.
(Unopened) can you take this away and convert it to option 2 untradeable rewards?
Can you transfer this (untradeable) rewards to option 2?
I wanted everything untradeable.
Are you there?
No, I got option 3, 3 packs with coins.
But I wanted option 2 everything untradeble and more packs.
Option 2 is everything untradeable without coins which is what I wanted there, I played the whole week for that haha
I got option 3, 3 packs with coins.
Coins + 3 packs.
I wanted option 2 with everything non-tradeable without munny but more packs.
No, I got option 3 and I wanted option 2!😃
I want option 2
The game chose option 3 but I wanted option 2!
Everything non-negotiable and most packages
You can change it.
It is unopened.
I have been playing all week for option 2!
I didn't claim anything!
The packages are unopened
The solution lies on your side.
You are making a mistake!
I have nothing to do with this
Thanks for nothing!
You are lying, I know how many times PRS-ORG changed packages because you have bugs I know from before
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
I have a low battery, so I actually would like to get to the point if that's okay.
There were some great discounts on PRS-ORG game expansion packs last week.
I already have the game itself on my account, but when I tried to log in to make a purchase, I got the message several times that logging in was “currently” not possible.
I still can't log in to my account, and the sale is now over.
Therefore, I was wondering if there is a possibility to still benefit from the sale, since I am not going to pay €40 for a game expansion.
I wanted to add the "PRS-ORG" and "PRS-ORG" expansions to my game, as a surprise for my younger sisters.
Thank you!
Okay, that’s a shame
I don't have time for that right now, so I'll ask for that another time.
Thank you in any case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My first name is NAME-N and I am having trouble resetting my password
I am not receiving the email.
The email is EMAIL and I forgot the PRS-ORG ID because it has been a while.
I think it was ALPHANUMERICID or something like that.
The code is DEVICEID
Sorry, just received the mail 282732
no thank you very much for your help.
I just find it strange that I didn't receive the emails to reset my password.
Have a good night.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
My name is NAME-M
It's going well, thank you!
I have a question, in the career mode, are there more customization options than in pro clubs.
Are these parts ever added to Pro Clubs?
Sure thing!
And thank you.
That is EMAIL
Ah, okay!
Clear!
Thanks And yes, please take my feedback into account.
Thank you so much :)
Thank you, and no that was my only question!
Have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My first name is NAME-M
I have a question about PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG account
I want to claim the offer
However, the PRS-ORG account is not linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
I play PRS-ORG
I want to make the connection but it doesn’t work
I just have a PRS-ORG account
I have been working on this for half a day but am not getting any wiser
I just did it
Yes, it works
Thank you very much!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
With me, almost everything goes well, only the following: A few years ago (2014), I created a PRS-ORG account.
My email address where that was done EMAIL no longer exists.
How do I get access to my account now?
I still have the passwords, but I think they have expired.
Thank you!
That is no longer possible, the email address no longer exists.
Is there no other way I can identify myself?
After all, it's a lot of money.. PRS-ORG for example, I even bought a hardcopy!
I can't do anything with it now...
I still have the passwords.
I am sure they are correct.
I have no idea if there is an sms verification option, but my phone number is still the same.
Is there a phone number I can call?
Or can you call me?
Mean something for me?
Maybe I can transfer the games to a new account?
Is there anything we can help you with?
I really feel sorry that there are just hundreds of euros missing.
And there is nothing to be done about it.
While I can fully identify myself, except with that email address
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
hi my name is NAME-M
I have already spoken to some of your colleagues today,
I have two PRS-ORG accounts
1 of which is linked to an old email address
I would like to link a new email address to one of the PRS-ORG accounts, because the old one no longer exists.
I have finally managed to get into my account.
This is the account NAME-N
that is linked to the email address EMAIL
My PS ID is NAME-N
Yes super!!
I have another PRS-ORG account that is linked to my email address EMAIL
I don’t know if I can link everything to it?
EMAIL
ok, please send it to this email address
then I can finally play my PRS-ORG fut team on mobile
thnx I’m going to do it right away
thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-N.
I already contacted you yesterday about this problem.
I moved to the Netherlands six months ago.
As a Belgian player, I could never buy PRS-ORG points, but that is all in the past now.
I have changed my location on the PRS-ORG but I still can't buy any points.
Creating another account is possible, but then I would lose my progress with my 'main account'.
Can you help me further?
Yes, that’s correct.
It is set to Amsterdam.
I have already emptied my cache as they had advised me yesterday but that doesn’t work either.
This is already an answer.
I have already changed my location on my PSN account as you suggested yesterday, but it still doesn’t work.
ok thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
I'm NAME-F What's your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem, I have purchased PRS-ORG ultimate edition, only I never received the PRS-ORG points
Great, thank you in advance
EMAIL
Yes I know it very well
Because if I go to the playstore, I can still buy the standard edition
But the ultimate edition is no longer available, it has been purchased
I also have a confirmation that I bought the ultimate edition
That’s good, can it be done through PRS-ORG or does it have to be done through the internet?
Thank you for your help, have a great day further
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-F
No problem!
I had already contacted your colleague about my problem.
I added PRS-ORG Expansion Pack earlier today in my PRS-ORG account.
I can't see the download button.
Your colleague came up with this link URL herself.
I have gone through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Yes, my email address is EMAIL
Via URL
Yes, I do!
The code is ALPHANUMERICID
Okay, I'll just wait and see.
Thank you for the help!
No, I am sufficiently helped.
Thank you!
My email address: EMAIL
Android
Here is my question: it is about payment options for my subscription and for new books
Question: I am changing my credit card: the old one is blocked and the new one has not arrived yet.
Can I pay with PRS-ORG in the meantime?
And if so, how does it work?
On the URL I don't see an option for that.
Last read book: PRS-ORG
Both
My e-reader does not show that option
And where can I find the checkout page?
......or can that not be done on the ereader itself?
Do you mean that it should be possible to do it from the ereader?
Okay.
And what if I want to order a new book from the site and pay with PRS-ORG?
ebook
EMAIL
PRS-ORG is now in my ebooks bieb but I can't open it.
Furthermore, there are PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG in my ebooks bieb but I can’t open them.
I just downloaded PRS-ORG via URL for PRS-ORG (I have a subscription) on the e-reader but when I open it, I get the message Oops, this document cannot be opened.
I have no idea why that is not possible, hence I am asking you.
On a URL?
I just logged out of URL on my laptop.
Do I have to do that in the app on my mobile?
Done
I still can't open it.
I get the same message.
I have gone through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Hi, I have solved it in the meantime.
The e-reader is my son's and it was on his PRS-ORG account while the payment from PRS-ORG went through my URL account.
Apparently I can't send books to his ereader via my PRS-ORG account while the payment is going through my URL account.
Because now that I'm logged in to his ereader with my details (I first logged my son out), I can read the book.
Thank you for your help in any case.
Hello, I haven't used my PRS-ORG reader for a while.
Now I have a problem with charging the PRS-ORG reader.
I have tried different USB cables, both on the computers and on a power outlet with USB ports and with a plug.
I have reset him to factory settings and synced him, but he still won't charge.
He is still functioning properly.
Do you have any last resort for me?
Thank you in advance.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
The wild silence via URL
Where can I find the serial number?
I am from the Netherlands
For me it is not readable, hence the photo
and PRS-ORG of NAME-F
ebook
NAME-F PRS-ORG
I came across the PRS-ORG site and bought these two books with my URL account
I thought I would receive downloads by email but that is not the case.
I have a PRS-ORG but I don’t know my account details anymore.
so now I have nothing from my purchases.
Can I get both downloads so I can install them on my PRS-ORG?
my PRS-ORG account is on EMAIL.
probably my PRS-ORG account on EMAIL
ah ok I didn’t know that, it’s great if you want to put these two books on the other account.
But which accounts do I have then?
If I look at my PRS-ORG reader, I see EMAIL next to the account.
top that is super nice
I only don’t understand how this went wrong and how I should arrange it next time:)
yeah they are on it :)
thank you
Is the other account EMAIL?
Are there books under that?
ok, then I'll do that, but when I ordered it asked me if I wanted to log in with my URL account?
I think that's where it went wrong.
If I press repair now, will all my 1000 books that are on it not be deleted?
you mean that all the books that are on it will stay on it.
Also the ones that were not bought via PRS-ORG?
It worked, I think.
thank you for your help
Hi, my subscription has not been charged, while my credit card details have not changed and I have not changed anything.
I just (after receiving a second mail about this) adjusted the data.
Can you look into why my subscription has not been charged, while my credit card details have not been changed and I have not changed anything?
And whether the data is correct?
Thank you in advance
EMAIL Hi, my subscription has not been charged, while my credit card details have not been changed and I have not changed anything. I have just (after receiving a second mail about this) updated the details. Can you please check what the reason is that my subscription has not been charged and if the details are correct now? Thanks in advance
PRS-ORG
Author NAME-F
Yes that is fine
I just changed the credit card details for safety
Thank you very much, NAME-M.
So if everything goes well, my subscription won’t be cancelled in three days?
That is nice to hear.
Thank you for your efforts!
I will hear from you via email how it goes.
Have a nice day!
ordered a book from NAME-F last week
unknown_issue
My current ereader is starting to have charging problems.
Now a new ereader PRS-ORG touch.
How can I get the books from my current ereader onto my new ereader
The most convenient for me is if you can put it in an email EMAIL
oke I will try later
oke thanks so far.
No, don’t do that first, try charging and downloading the ereader first.
if it doesn’t work, I will let you know.
I bought two books this week via the PRS-ORG website: Derksen and Selfies by NAME-M.
When I try to open these books on my ereader, I get the message: Oops!
This document cannot be opened.
I have already synchronized the ereader several times, but that doesn't help.
I can't see the books anywhere on my computer.
EMAIL: This week I bought two books via the PRS-ORG website: Derksen and Selfies by NAME-M. When I try to open these books on my ereader, I get the message: Oops! This document cannot be opened. I have already synchronized the ereader several times, but that doesn't help. I also don't see the books anywhere on my computer.
PRS-ORG NAME-N, today approx.
13.4
I understand what went wrong.
I ordered these books on the account EMAIL
these should have been on the account EMAIL
fine
Yes, sorry, I have some problems with the eReader.
The problem has been solved.
I logged out and then logged back in.
After starting up, both purchased books are on my ereader.
thanks for the help
I understand that my accounts EMAIL and EMAIL are linked?
When I log in via PRS-ORG, that account uses the EMAIL
I am offline.
reply is also allowed to one of my mail addresses, thank you
