Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion before I even replied
Ok.
I just told you that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
So you are affiliated with them
that's why you are the best suited to handle this refund
Yes, but since you are an affiliate
you can manage this for me
yes
I will ask them and I will come back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
my problem is that my account
it's linked to my PRS-ORG account
while I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes, that's it
because I don't have PRS-ORG anymore
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes, or to recover my PRS-ORG companion team
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello
I just started a futchampionship game, and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you an image
you are
No
I'm in a fut champions match and the match is blocked on the opponent's team
EMAIL
for your information, I'm still in the match with the opposing team, I don't want to leave the match for fear of losing the match
but if I leave the game, will I lose?
It's okay, I didn't lose the match. Have a good day.
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days, when I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: The confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone usually.
Then I sync it to the eReader.
Except for the audio books that I listen to on my phone
Damn!
What is that?
Good.
You will find me very silly, but until yesterday everything worked.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to get this VPN?
I will try to do what you advise me.
If this does not work, I will come back to you.
Good evening.
Best regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
This morning, I used one of your colleagues' account recovery service.
I reset my email, everything is ok, everything works
However, I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
and I have to give it to a counselor
I'm a bit panicked because I'm very afraid of not being able to access my account again
yes, I'm just wondering why they're asking me this, since I already had one to reset the email, and everything is working now
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid that we'll have to reset the email again, even though I don't need to
So thank you, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
hello, I had a problem with my account. my game code had already been used, but I found the right account. the problem is that I want to install it by downloading it, not with the CD, because I don't have much internet and a bad connection, so it's a hassle
how do I make it install from the CD
because then I have 1 day of download time
The game is PRS-ORG
on pc
it downloads directly
without me entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I opened my account and inserted the CD, it tried to download it
or it is so it wants to download it to install
yes, it's taking me a day to download it, because of the bad connection
I want to install it from a CD, not download it
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello.
I would like to receive your emails in French and not in German.
Is that possible?
In addition, I received emails saying that my account had been verified, but 3 months later.
yes
I have the language in French on my dashboard.
But I receive all communication in German
yes
Great, thank you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information?
I wanted to go back to check the price but I couldn't find this information again...
Currently no, I'm on the support page.
(it's all written in Italian, it doesn't help haha)
Ok, great, I'll make a new order!
That will be all for me!
Thank you for your help, and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we have uploaded all the documents
Please reconfigure our device.
we're in the middle of the inauguration and it's not working
yes, I have to download it again
I just did it
I replied to the email
please do it quickly
it's a big loss for us..!
For you too..!
ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Via chat.
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
hello
I made a request to change my bank account details and I wanted to know when this request would be effective.
It's a professional account for a company.
yes, it's me all the time
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand.
how should I proceed?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I did not make
You just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic rejections for PRS-ORG **** have been disabled.
You can reactivate them during your next purchase from a PRS-ORG retailer.
No
I don't remember
My nephew had the phone. Perhaps it was a payment for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "3G mobile data" connection type has been enabled, but even when we move around the office, the connection does not work.
Moreover, the battery level changes from one second to the next, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to obtain a new terminal.
Would it be possible for you to do that?
Thank you for your cooperation and best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be billed?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your efficient and good collaboration
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by email at the address EMAIL or by phone at PHONENUMBER.
Thank you and best regards.
No, it's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
yes
I have an issue with transfer limits
I have to send 158 100 € to my notary
for the acquisition of a plot of a forest
I just found out about the limits
for now, I have 59,975€ in the account that I would like to transfer to the notary as soon as possible
I'm referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
In addition, I have 100,000€ on the account that I was supposed to receive.
these days
and I should make a second transfer of 98,125€
I can call the notary to prove all of this.
I tried to transfer 59,975€ yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 pm
Yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because I can't code a game
I launched a draft in the 1st round after 0 minutes of play the opponent cheated and I lost
My name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes, in the meantime I even restarted a draft to see if it was a bug on my end
Huh?
But are you kidding me?
you are useless, you are just incapable, every time I have to deal with you
it's always the same, do it, fuck me, there's nothing I can do for you
so, I lost 1 hour of gameplay and maybe I could get a draft token?
so in addition to being screwed, I have to not play the game for 1 hour?
You guys are geniuses, keep going, you're on the right track
yes, as usual, there's nothing to do, thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has not yet arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Okay
Unfortunately, I can't access your payment frequency.
However, you can view it from your account settings: URL.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thank you
So, for today or tomorrow, that's it?
Yes.
Okay, I'll wait then
Everything is good, stay strong
I would need a sign for my lounges
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite get it.
Could you reformulate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
panel showing the PRS-ORG
I want to talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
hello, I would like to know if it would be possible to receive a small sign indicating that I have a PRS-ORG
and my clients can pay by credit card
no
it's not his fault
when I was in the market, I had a small sign indicating that you can pay by credit card here
But they stole it from me at the last trade fair.
I would like to know if you could send me another one
a display
please
if possible 3 that can be placed on my stand
not the sticky ones
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no, thank you, have a good day
Hello, the payment links don't work
So, what can I do for you today?
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
Remote cashing
I'm sorry.
Could you tell me what kind of transaction it is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote payment,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can occur for different reasons.
In order to find which applies to your situation, I will put you in touch with a human colleague.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link does not work, it asks me for the terminal every time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it didn't work, so I created a QR code for 300€
I don't understand why the links don't work
Could you tell me the reason, I have no answer
Yes, thank you, I think I did something wrong
Thank you very much for your answer and promptness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I am contacting you because PRS-ORG has removed 950,000 credits from my account in PRS-ORG Ultimate Team
For reasons I don't know about, since I had earned the credits by using players I had received in packs, I sent the photos
And by doing buy-sell.
I would like to recover my credits, it's a huge amount!
I dispute the sanction!
Psn: ALPHANUMERICID
Email: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I never did anything illegal!
And I earned the rest myself.
And PRS-ORG took it all away from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, I don't see anything
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never broken PRS-ORG's rules
Yes, thank you, because it's a huge sum!
Thank you.
So I should do nothing anymore?
I just wait for a response by email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I submitted proof by photo before starting this case with you
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thank you. So, I'm experiencing a problem for the 2nd time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
I paid 300 PRS-ORG points (so I spent some money) and I decided to start a match.
and as soon as I join the game, I get disconnected
probably cheaters
but it's the second time since I started doing draft mode
and I'm getting fed up with being scammed like this
I would like a refund of the points
sure, thank you.
no problem
They tell me that I am not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you can't fix this issue
so you're going to refund me
I paid
and I lost money
So now I want a refund
it's not normal to do this, your game players lose money because of cheaters
and you don't reimburse?
find a way to refund me
I won't leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
hello,
I have a valid subscription to PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it is already valid on Playstation
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so basically the problem is PRS-ORG
is the PRS-ORG subscription multi-support?
if I have a subscription via Playstation, does it have to be valid on PRS-ORG?
Or not?
no, you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but it's not valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log into my PRS-ORG account online at all, the password reset doesn't work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG username, it says that there is already an account with that username.
On the other hand, my e-reader can download them normally.
Could you please help me?
Regards.
EMAIL
No, since I can no longer access my account, but I just found 2 invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my reader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it worked; my last 2 paid purchases were indeed made on February 16, 2020, the amounts are the same as on my statement.
It's all good now. I just logged in with Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your homepage.
Case closed, thank you for your help and have a good Sunday.
Thank you, just a purchase proposal: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder, but from the new pocket format, which is cheaper than the large format that was released in 2018.
That's all I needed.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I can't play PRS-ORG games
I can't update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas, hello and thank you for your help
PRS-ORG game has already been returned once, today we are trying a new one, but the problem persists
we tried it on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one consoles, with no result
yes
we also tried to reset the console to factory settings, but it didn't work
update impossible 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
when I go to manage the game on update, there are none available
yes, this error code has been occurring for 4 days
there is a problem with the update, when we try to put the game back on the console, it gets stuck
Ok, thank you
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,By phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thanks for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I asked via email to have an "employé" email address deleted so that I could reuse it on another account.
Your colleague replied that it was not possible, even though it was done for another address the day before.
I didn't get any response to my 2nd message.
So I should receive news soon?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was expecting.
No thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, I can't make online payments
transaction failed
Your deposit request has failed or has been cancelled.
It's really urgent, if possible, to solve the problem today, thank you
No, thanks
Have a nice evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
as usual every month even though I recovered my twitch prime pack
I didn't receive it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is at the address EMAIL
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS prime account, I have the impression that every time there is this problem of two distinct email addresses
Well, I made the request for recovery, and it said "recovery successful"
so the problem is with you, not me
And in the previous months, the person I talked to via chat gave me the pack
so I think there is a competence problem
I didn't log in to the console
Only on the app
ok, thank you
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Via the chat.
How would you like to be put in contact with one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday, around 11:00 PM, all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID and my registration extract yesterday at 17:00.
My trade register extract
Can you re-enable transactions before 9:00?
We need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the required documents directly to my profile.
Yes.
Okay, I'll call you back at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be fixed?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate
and I would like to know if it was possible to buy the Sum Up 3G without a printer
because the price is very high
I want a second PRS-ORG
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the 3g PRS-ORG without the pack
and?
nothing
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is malformed.
It becomes illegible towards the end: superimposed characters and misaligned accents.
This is too troublesome, I would like a refund, thank you.
I'll resume this chat, started too late on Sunday evening, and I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"ces biens essentiels" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed or if the problem is only on my eReader...
I can take photos but not right away.
At my place it's around page 294 but it depends on the font size.
In any case, it's around 75%
Willingly, because I'm not available for more right now.
This suits me perfectly, thank you
thank you, have a nice day
So happy to see you again, NAME-F!
talking to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
How can I help you today?
hello NAME-F, a client paid by link and I don't see his payment
URL
But it is debited from his account.
yesterday
it's written as accepted on my transactions... sent to my links... but it hasn't been paid
ah ok, thank you, how come it didn't go through immediately, like it usually does with payments by link?
in principle, as soon as the payment is made, I receive the notification of the transfer
things have changed?
log in to the website and not the app?
ok, thank you
have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello
Last night I launched a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my online draft team
When the 1st match started, the change never happened
After waiting 30 minutes, I turned off the console and turned it back on
The game tells me that I left the game, so I lost my token and now have a handicap on future matches for leaving
Can you fix this?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thanks for your feedback, I tried it last night.
But the app says I'm not eligible
That's pretty outrageous, I must say.
I spent 2 hours on the game for this.
Yes
Thank you
I'll be waiting for your news very soon
platforms
I didn't buy anything and I don't have any audio books.
my eReader was purchased in September.
yes, thank you
Since yesterday I've been trying to add books from my adobe to my eReader.
but it still tells me I'm not authorized.
I removed all my permissions and added them again, but nothing changed.
I followed all the steps I found on your site, but it doesn't work.
The error message on my e-Reader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
after having authorized your reader previously, you must re-import it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is authorized everywhere on my computer and on the eReader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I have my e-Reader since September.
I contacted you in December for the same issue.
I had this problem twice in a year.
I love my eReader, but when it causes me problems like this, I have no desire to recommend it to people in my circle.
if I follow your steps I will lose my connection to you.
I'm on my computer
I have disabled my permissions and uninstalled adobe.
I will restart my computer and reinstall adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello
I can't log in to my fut account anymore
It said that too many clubs were created
While I have already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account, it says account fut creation limit reached
Even though I was able to play with this account this morning
Sorry, my name is NAME-M
Can you help me, please?
Thank you
No problem
It is EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
YES, THANK YOU
I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO CONNECT TO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
IT SHOWS A SERVER ERROR ON MY PRS-ORG
ON THE PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
Ok, it's not a big deal, but can you help me solve my problem?
OK, THANKS. IF THE PROBLEM IS DUE TO A MAINTENANCE ISSUE, I'M RELIEVED AND I WILL BE PATIENT
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
a file is already open
PHONENUMBER
I would like you to return the content that was stolen from me
or compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I have been playing for 10 years, and I spend 400€ in PRS-ORG points every year, in addition to buying the game
and I was told on the phone that I could not recover anything
A file is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the pirated content this morning or be compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I have been playing for 10 years, I spend 400€ on PRS-ORG points per year, in addition to buying the game... and I was told on the phone that I would not be able to recover anything
What should I do?
EMAIL
I have already done the steps you are going to ask me to do
giving you the code, changing the password, etc.
I just want to play futchampions this weekend with my team
and now I can't do anything
I spend money on the game every year, I have been paying salaries for 10 years and I don't have any positive feedback, I only need you when I need you
I was hacked between 9 am and 11:30 am today
Can you "erase" his access and put everything back to how it was this morning?
at 8am I still had my whole club
Please save me the trouble
Agent
Hello, my name is NAME-M, and I am the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more.
For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
What can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry.
A human will be able to inform you about the status of your account.
The transfer of 1019, which I think my bank rejected, I would like to know if it has returned to your system
Okay
Ok, thank you very much, that's great
So I'll wait, that's all
Thank you very much
I'll wait
No, thank you very much
I'll wait until noon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm having a good day, and I hope the same for you too ;)
I don't know if you can read my file but my question is in it
otherwise I can repeat it if needed
Excuse me?
Your sentence is cut off
I was just wondering, in the career mode there are a lot of haircuts, but there are not many in pro club
Is that normal?
And why?
Otherwise, do you plan to add more in the future?
No, that's all, thanks
No worries!
have a good day
I'll get back to you if it's not done later
Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system for logging into my account
I am not receiving the email containing the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically, so no worries, but it's for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android
Same thing happens when I try to log in on my browser.
924311
That email is fine and dandy
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope I won't have any issues in the future
NAME-M_TEXT: I see that you are experiencing problems with clearing due to your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss this?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, if you
please, no, I'm contacting you about something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
yes
I'm really stuck with my clients for the payment
I sent my PRS-ORG
yes
the delay, please
waiting time
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer but I can't play
it tells me that too many computers are playing
mercui
thank you
Really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have any problems
I don't understand?
I have it on my PRS-ORG account
PRS-ORG normal license
and in addition to a PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
Hello, I'm receiving emails asking me for more information or to provide them, thank you.
I have been sending everything by email
sure, this is a copy-paste of the message I received
Please be informed that, as stated in our Terms of Use (URL), one PRS-ORG profile can only be used for one and the same activity.
Please confirm for which activity your profile will be used and provide us with proof (invoice, facebook link) for this activity.
If you wish to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another business activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Best regards,
Pierre
PRS-ORG registration service
I do the fair and it works, I'm also from Boulogne, these are the products I sell on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
will I send all this by the email I received??
yes, I sent the Kbis and the Facebook link
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't preload PRS-ORG, they told me that everything should be solved quickly.. but it's not, I preordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means I can't play it tomorrow.
So I want to cancel this pre-order and I can repurchase the game, hoping that this time it will work
Thank you for answering my request :)
Sure
My email address is EMAIL
My ID is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I re-preorder it now?
or do I have a delay?
ok, thanks :)
I'm pre-ordering it now
Thank you very much for your expertise :)
Perfect, thanks, the pre-download is going well!
everything works great!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I have latency during games, even though I should qualify for the FGS.
it's unplayable
As usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
a week ago
everything is going well
and the players are slow when I pass the ball, it arrives 5 seconds after, it's really not possible
sir, it's useless
I'm online
I have a perfect connection
it worked fine 5 days ago
and now I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My terminal does not work
It says "transaction refused"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is this related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have uploaded the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 big events
Okay, I'll send the documents quickly.
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
Some time ago and I see a payment was made
I bought a forbidden tale, The little Poucet
I would like to be refunded for the mistake.
11.49
Yes.
A PRS-ORG payment over 9.99 passed on my credit card
But I unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed
Will I be refunded for the error?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I’ll put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can deal with this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it says the store is closed
Thanks, I managed to do it
Have a nice day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How do you want to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I look over your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I'm French and I created a Belgian sum up
I am not receiving the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I must delete once the Belgian account is active
Can you do the necessary please
06 68 11 75 30 is my personal phone number
with which I want to receive the code
Hello, I am contacting you to express my dissatisfaction.
I have been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, and I have always loved this game.
PRS-ORG mode is the mode that keeps me hooked since PRS-ORG 12.
It is clear that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes by.
The PRS-ORG champions mode is the mode that gave me the desire to continue, but now it is very difficult to access... rank 3 had a match against rank 2 last week, and I couldn't qualify this week.
I hope an update will be made very soon to change the qualification in PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I think I will stop playing the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, with my PRS-ORG  champions qualification compromised, it is impossible for me to regain the 1500 points and the 9 qualifying matches before this weekend
What?
Will you change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope this will change.
I love the ultimate team mode, I love playing in the PRS-ORG champions.
Now I feel that in order to access it and get good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very big team.
Hoping that it will change very soon, see you soon, otherwise goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I'm not the only one so that it moves quickly.
No, thank you.
Have a good day, stay strong, and I hope for a very quick update
phone number issue
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only save one phone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I'm asked to complete my profile with a phone number, but I can't change the number on telo
so it's a dom tom number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes, no problem
yes, but the code is not coming
I'm being asked for the verification code
but it was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I can't change the number
so far I haven't received any verification code
PHONENUMBER
I'm being told that to start taking payments
I need to verify my phone number
I just started using your service and there are already problems
Hello, how do I access alphanumeric on my number?
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one phone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number is beyond my skills as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
the current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Great, thank you very much.
no, thank you, have a nice day
I would like to speak with an agent
I would like to speak to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you restate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Ms. NAME-F, I hope you are doing great.
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay, thank you
No, that's all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I'm a PRS-ORG player, I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points are not showing up on my ultimate team account.
The thing is that I recently changed the email address on my account, and I entered a more recent email address: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is as follows.
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points went to the wrong account.
CD keys, a website.
The code was good because when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store it worked
So, is it possible that the PRS-ORG points are on another account?
Even though I only have one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code correctly and it was validated on PRS-ORG.
Store of my account ALPHANUMERICID
But when I start Ultimate Team, the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the email address of my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just recently updated it
Are the PRS-ORG points active on the wrong account?
How do I do that?
Do I need to provide proof of purchase?
Can you check which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are on?
speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, I'm trying to link my shop to my domain name.
The lights are green, but the status is still "not connected"
You don't understand
My store is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes.
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I'm still not connected.
Is it taking a while?
Yes?
Ok, I got it.
Thank you
I will wait in this case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in to PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email, it doesn't work, so I created the account, but I can't link it to the game
I called NAME-F, sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, there was a moment when it could be found, it's my old email
But by entering my old email, it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
my email address linked to PSN is the same as the one mentioned, EMAIL
it doesn't work
so basically, we are being prevented from playing
I don't think it happens to me, but something would have to be done to change the PRS-ORG account on the game
having games and not using them is great
I'm not going to create a new PSN just to play, you're the one who's going to create multiple accounts just for one game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M,
I still see 0 points... even though I made several purchases
How can I get points...and what are they for?
I bought a lot of games and kits for PRS-ORG..
and yet, for such a long time, I never received any points..
I never received any points...and I never bought any...
What are they for?
I thought that I could accumulate points when I bought on your site.
PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Merry Christmas to the entire team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
Talk to an advisor
through the chat
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be connected to one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I want to talk to an advisor on the phone and I can't do it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I have it.
I'm tired of calling you every day to verify my account.
I'm canceling the opening, I'm retracting it and opening an account elsewhere
yes
I want to close the account
you speak of the future, it is now that I wish to close the account, not in a few days
3 weeks ago the consultant also gave a high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A part of the countryside
delivery
I logged out and logged back in, but it's still not opening.
I can't read it
Book was bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page.
I am forced to relaunch PRS-ORG to access my home page
Yes, it's this one
That's all.
Thank you.
Great!
Have a nice day
On what date was my professional account opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm NAME-F, I didn't quite get it.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
I would like to know the opening date of my business account for my tax return?
Where can I find the exact date?
no, I opened the pro account after
where can I find this info?
yes
It's for my tax declaration, they are asking me for this information!
Thank you
Hello sir
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
my password no longer works
this is the 2nd one in two weeks
and I can't reset my password because I never receive your email...
and that I am forced to contact you via chat or telephone to solve this problem
My account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again please?
124876
I'll say that I'm a regular now ahah
I was able to change my password successfully
and I can log in to PRS-ORG
Thank you.
thank you again and see you next time (I hope your servers will be able to remember my password)
have a good day!
I can't authenticate my mobile
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand.
Could you restate your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents but this exceeds my virtual assistant's competence.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
yes
I can't complete the strong authentication of my current phone
I receive the SMS
But the app doesn't consider this action
no error
when I am in the strong authentication menu
I can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Thank you too
Can I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently being conducted on my PRS-ORG account because my account was hacked before yesterday.
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I mainly play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying
Perfect, you don't have any timeframe to give me?
Because it's complicated when you have nothing in your club
Very well, thank you
No, nothing at all, thank you
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address
I made a mistake in the content
No, the home address
I made a mistake
I am housed free of charge by my boyfriend
how can I do it
otherwise I have bills from my mobile phone
or insurance
yes, I am looking
You don't have to send me the PRS-ORG card
as long as I haven't changed the address, please
sure
I will send the documents shortly.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How can I change my email address?"
”.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
hello, I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond the scope of my virtual assistant duties, I'll transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER my I can't access that number
PHONENUMBER
yes, that's all, and how long after it?
because I can't make the payment on my account
thank you very much
No, thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Your game is starting to annoy me!
The same problem as the last FUT Champions game
this time in my draft
Too many people quit because of this, so I get a defeat even though it's the guy who quits.
and so I don't have my reward of 4 Draft victories
and I lose my 15000 credits
After all, you did nothing about my last Futchamp, where I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
Are you going to say I'll report it and then do nothing?
So?
No, it was him who left
I'm on a PC, not a console, and I have fiber optic 600M.
and I didn't have any micro-cuts because I was on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut off
It was him who left
It's just that when too many people leave a game against a player, the game considers it to be the player.
It's a big mess
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or on the web.
However, I can access the game directly.
NAME-M
Could you help me please sir?
I'm fine, thank you, how are you?
On PRS-ORG it's ALPHANUMERICID-.
I made the mistake of trying to buy credits on my first account.
So I created a new PRS-ORG account in order to be able to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time.
Except that now the access has not been put on this new account
I play with Lyon team being a FUT Lyonnais.
I really like paqueta, he's very complete, with a rating of 81.
I'm trying to get him in POTM at the moment
And your favorite player?
Mbappe is a very good player, you have good taste.
He is having a great start to the season, and not only with the PRS-ORG
Thank you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days now and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
Okay, I'll keep having fun then.
The main thing is to have access to it on the console.
But the app is very practical for remote management.
Thank you very much NAME-M anyway.
Have a great day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
Pierre
Quite simply I think
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in Gold edition
And today I got a message saying this: "Unfortunately, it seems that a billing problem has occurred with your pre-order"
So I go to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged "processing"
I only realized that Paypal has never been debited
So I changed my payment method
I just want my game to be unlocked
EMAIL
I can see it, but it's marked "Pre-order failed"
PRS-ORG
This doesn't solve the problem
I just did that
And I still have "Pre-order failed"
Can't you just re-process the order or something?
Because I have entered my payment method and I still don't see the problem being resolved
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG saying that I can play
I restarted PRS-ORG
I think this is enough after deleting the cache
And if I restart it, I will lose our conversation
Through chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent previous messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd box, but it redirects me to the same account.
How can I do that?
Best regards.
How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader at 19€
Yes, I want it by email.
I haven't received the case yet, but everything should be in order by Wednesday.
So, once I receive it, I can set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning saying that my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL.
Thank you
The email I received this morning was in French, but usually I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change this so that I receive all communications in French?
Thank you
So no.
At first I received the emails in French, but the last ones, no.
I have sent several messages to this effect with no success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Good evening, I am contacting you again because I think I have identified the problem
I'm only experiencing lag on PRS-ORG right now, and I wanted to see if there was a problem with the server in my account
because I have signs like packet loss, although I checked in teamspeak and I have no loss for 50 min
as you can see in this image
URL
Good evening, I have been bugging a lot and this is my last solution to come to you.
:(
URL, here is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no packet loss warning at the top, but I have lags
Is this a problem with me or the game?
Because I'm going crazy
You are going to fix this with a patch, I suppose?
But how long will it take?
Because I can't play at all under these conditions, and not in a professional club either
Thank you, I hope it will be fixed :)
Good evening and thank you
Good luck for this week
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry.
Your device seems to be defective.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO EXIT ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILED
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUR TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S, PLEASE ENTER MY NAME AND MY IBAN, I CONFIRM
AND THE FAILURE OF THE TRANSACTION
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
I'm watching the match at 3:45 PM on ALPHANUMERICID
LOADING FAILED
I have a low fiber speed, it will take 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
hello
I'm having trouble with my account being divided into 2
j is more hardline
and more access to my other mailbox
the problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or one was changed to vinsvodoo (inverse)
it's EMAIL
or EMAIL
with PRS-ORG I never have any problem; it's always PRS-ORG that bugs
meaning
I can't access this email account, it's registered on Facebook, but it's more than 15 years old
I once spoke to one of your colleagues and it worked again
my real address is EMAIL
it annoys me, I knew I should not have returned to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG I got everything back in 1h
so you will lose money because I will not buy from you anymore
Hello,
I have a major problem reading books downloaded from a library, a problem that I encountered recently.
The book is downloaded from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG e-Reader.
I connect the e-Reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.
I eject my e-Reader before disconnecting it from the computer and I see the cover of the downloaded book briefly appear on the e-Reader.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears telling me that my reader is not allowed to open this book because I would have to allow it again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-import it.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, so I have this permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy the book, but I downloaded it from the library.
The latest one, today, is N.E.O.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
I think so.
Anyway, I'm connected to wi-fi and the automatic sync is on.
I don't know when the last sync took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the permission?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the permission and installed it again.
I'll try again.
For now I have ADE 4.5.11. I don't understand why!
I've been using it for almost 1 year.
What are the factory settings?
hello, I did not receive the February 3 payment
I'm missing a payment
I didn't receive my 3 payments on February 3
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
You have chosen to make payments using the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, this also applies on the weekend.
Note: If the transaction you're waiting for was made before the card payments were set up, the funds will be paid into the registered bank account, not on the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes in the payment method and frequency have no effect on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I am missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in this case, I need a human to intervene.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thank you
Ok, thank you very much
Ok, thank you so much
no, thank you very much
Thank you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, as you know, the Star Wars Battlefront 2 game is unplayable
people die1hp due to a bug or hack godmode
you have been informed for several days
the game becomes unplayable
Hello?
EMAIL
the problems come from you!
The servers
Thousands of players are complaining and you feign ignorance?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the devs abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is involved in the server hack
thank you for the customers and the after-sales service
horrible
no respect for the players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes.
My terminal is blocked
I'm looking for a way to send payment request links to customers
I don't have this feature in my app
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I'm trying to send payment links to my clients
But I don't have the payment link in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, that would really help
I count on you, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
I'm having trouble linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
You want the email from my PRS-ORG account, is that correct?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
There was a problem.
An error prevented us from finalizing your request.
Try again later.
For the PRS-ORG rewards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the last ID card sent is good.
and how do I set up my bank account?
which one is registered?
yes, and I sent back an ID card without hearing back
I don't have an IBAN that ends with 0507
yes
I can't modify it directly from the app
and I just sent back the ID card... it is quite urgent anyway...
ok.. well, I'll send you my RIB..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thank you
I would like you to help me, because I've never been lucky on the PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing since I was 10 years old and I've never been a big player.
My friend got Hakimi One to Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Just a few days ago, he got NAME-M.
I've put money into the game, bought the preorder to get 4600 PRS-ORG points and I've never had any luck.
I don't know what to do, please help me
I understand, but how come my friend has all these players?
He even got an icon in a previews pack...
Well, never mind if there's nothing you can do
Thanks anyway
So I will definitely stop playing this game
Thank you, happy holidays
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I received an invoice via SMS, and I would like to receive it by email in order to get a reimbursement
Transaction ID: ALPHANUMERICID, amount: 14.69€
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice on my email.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days now, I've been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase I entered all the information, I clicked on continue and register, the visa status light keeps blinking and no response.
I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, but the problem persists.
What's going on?
Please reply.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I want to buy the T2
Yes, but usually, it doesn't get stuck at the payment!
Why now?
What should I do then?
ok.
Thank you, I'll do it right away
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my blocked account
I want my money in my balance, my account is already closed.
Okay.
ok, but I already sent a new bank account where the money will be transferred
yes, I am here
yes, I am here
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I made a mistake with the PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL
Yes.
it is linked to no account, I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I don't want that, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes, I can't unlink my account
yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, I would like to dissociate them
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
thank you
hello
My terminal is blocked, what can I do?
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device's screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered, and this blockage is irreversible.
Since I am unable to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes.
could I have a phone number to call, please
thank you, that will be easier for me.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, it means unfortunately that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered and this block is irreversible.
I'm not able to handle this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can do the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry, I have clients
I got a bk error code PHONENUMBER
then I plugged it in and pressed the start button
I did hold to boot then release to boot
it turned off
I pressed invalid
I'm sorry, I will get back to you when I have more time, I have a customer appointment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
I've been disconnected and counted as a loss several times during team clash matches when I was winning 3-0 or 4-0.
it makes me lose ranks and thus move forward for my team
I repeat, I have disconnections during clash of clans matches
I'm disconnected and so I lose the match even though I'm winning
it wasn't online
so there's nothing to do
I'm in a team clash, so it's your game that's making me disconnect...
dégouter
I'm fed up, I play the game and I get screwed over... I really feel like you don't care about players like me
not to mention the times I end up with 8 or 9 hours of playtime from the beginning of the match because of a bug...
Hello
I bought yesterday the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I bought "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I am disappointed by this purchase on your platform which usually offers well-prepared books!
I would therefore like a refund of the corresponding €15.99
Thank you in advance
Best regards
EMAIL
Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1, by NAME-M, bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No, thank you, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I don't receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can I do it?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
The fiancées of the Pacific
I'll try PRS-ORG
I'm logged in on my computer but on my eReader...
how do I reset it with my eReader?
I don't receive the email
ok
I just tested it and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my e-Reader doesn't recognize my account
There was an update last night and now I can't access it
it says: connection failed
it seems that URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
but I'm on wifi with my computer to which I connected my reader
I tried again and it's loading...
yes!!!
It worked, it just needed a little more time!
whew, thanks for your help
ok, I entered the book I bought yesterday...
have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14th and I still haven't received it...
February 11th, sorry
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes, on your website
Here is the number of the order form PHONENUMBER
The tracking information indicates that the package has been at the border since February 14th.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I ordered through this profile... I received an invoice to my email address EMAIL
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But normally I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission at 1.49%
This is it
The one I'm writing to you on right now
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It would be easier if we could talk on the phone
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
It's the order number mentioned on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, NAME-M.
Plaisir partagé!
I'm doing well, thank you, despite encountering a technical issue with the PRS-ORG game on PC
Indeed, for more than an hour, I can't go to the transfer market to buy a player
how is this possible?
Thank you in advance and waiting for your response.
It seems to me that it's a security block implemented by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I'm not one of them.
That's right.
when I try to access the transfer market on PRS-ORG
when I try to search for the player I want
it tells me that
"a communication problem occurred with PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
everything else works fine in the game except the transfer market, where I get this message and get kicked out of the transfer market
Thank you very much
thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor.
Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
I want to speak to an advisor
Hello, my name is , thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I no longer have access to the transfer
Which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I no longer have
Do you understand?
Hello
You're the boss
Yes, I'll check it right away
Yes, but it's not the old number
To which email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your name, please, to start?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
I hope so too!
When I tried to start NAME-M's 24h mission, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it was gone, along with all its accessories.
It's no longer in my city or in the inventory...
No, it's on the iPad
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start NAME-M's 24h mission, which requires the PRS-ORG Palace, and that's when I realized that the Palace is no longer in my city or in my inventory
This is the Boitingham castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but I no longer have the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, can I reach you?
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
Can you provide me with your email address, so I can send you the ID?
contacted me by e-mail
I can't see your messages
leave me a message by email, it will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
