Hello!
One of the books that I bought is no longer opening for reading.
When I click on it to read it, the app closes.
This is the only book this is happening.
EMAIL
I do not remember the exact date, but it was last week if I’m not mistaken.
I can't go out here to confirm it.
The image’s speech
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M 😎
I enter a match and when me or my opponent leaves the match I get redirected and get out of the ut
Brazilian Portuguese: In all game modes.
I don’t know if it is a disconnection, since I have been like this since 4:00am.
I was doing the swaps on amigaveis
Yes
Because of the swaps amongst friends I was doing golden goal
I was missing 2 goals and one assist into the deep
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Yes sir
NAME-M
I'm fine.
Currently I have been facing some issues in the game PRS-ORG relating to bug in rewards
With the new event, now being held, it shows that I have completed it and I can now get all the rewards.
But I am stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly.
I sent the pictures.
When I do the missions it already shows that I complete all of them, but still I am in ALPHANUMERICID
Everything's okay
Thanks a lot
This issue is making me a bit upset, because the event rewards are great rewards and I can’t cash them in because of this issue
All right then
I thought it was just me, and I was a bit more comfortable knowing that you've been working to fix it
I feel a lot calmer, I didn't want to lose the items from this event kk
No, thank you very much.
Good Morning NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I have installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
And now I cannot change it to English
Brazilian Portuguese: english*
I couldn’t find any configuration in the game or in the PRS-ORG.
Thank you
EMAIL
kkkkkk but that there is already obvious friend.
I thought there would be another way to change it without having to redownload 8GB of the game
But I figured there'd be no other way
I appreciate it, anyway.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please introduce yourself?
NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening, my PRS-ORG does not bring the mode Career but brings the archives when I open the game
Portuguese: It's always as if it was the first time.
brazilian portuguese: i have to choose team control and play that game
I have already uninstalled 3 times but the problem persists
I saw the tips for changing from assisted to semi-assisted at game startup but when the game restarts the bug comes back
I lose my game save
Every time I have to redo
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hi there, my brother did a PRS-ORG into my account by accident.
He was deceived, but I come out losing because he sent players from my team.
Would it be possible to re-sign the players?
I already ask for your forgiveness for the inconvenience.
Yes, if it was possible, because it was just a mistake made by my youngest brother.
I apologize again.
EMAIL
It's my father's mail since I have played PRS-ORG on this account for a long time
At the time I didn't even have e-mail.
If it could be staffed it would be more convenient.
Thanks, either way.
Rest of a good night!
Hi friends, good day.
I went to see now that my 300 bonus did not go in, poxa I did not know it had to be in play above 1.80, I lost because I bet everything, thinking that I would have bonus, there would be no way to release it?
D:
Sorry, I didn't notice that it had to be above 180
Brazilian Portuguese: I saw that just now when I requested it
I deposited 300 just so I could play casually
I knew that I would get the bonus
what if I would lose?
I made a safer bet and lost, I requested and it didn't go through.
Thank you dear
Oh my, no.
Thank you.
I thought maybe you could make an exception
That's 300 though
Brazilian Portuguese: please
You can't see?
with the staff over there
All right then
until the next
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Good.
However, I am having difficulty signing in with my PRS-ORG mobile account to my browser.
Yes
Yes
Always when trying to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears:
I would like more information about this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I can't find the mods folder of the PRS-ORG, I already entered the game and the folder wasn't created.
I had custom content before, had to format the notebook and NAME-M brought back all contents
But there is no mods folder
When I enter the game, multiple personalized contents appear but the folder does not exist
This, the folder does not exist
Already I entered the necessary place in PRS-ORG games, the PRS-ORG and after I do not have the folder
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is PRS-ORG.
To start, could you please provide your name?
NAME-F
Good evening.
I can't play the PRS-ORG, my PRS-ORG is completely blurred.
Support told me to use PRS-ORG Firstname Lastname, but that did not work out.
I also renamed the folder The PRS-ORG to The PRS-ORG Old and loaded the game to create a new folder but that did not solve it.
I would like to be able to play but the PRS-ORG is out of focus (but not the scenery)
I was using it, but since it wasn’t working, I deactivated it and deleted it
And without mods the problem is the same.
It doesn’t work, PRS-ORG is completly out of focus
There is no mod there
Already tried and did not work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
this business is something else, the server of the PRS-ORG is falling apart all the time today because
Brazilian Portuguese: it wasn't like that.
something is happening that we don't know
now the game doesn't work again
Brazilian Portuguese: the pleasure and our in knowing him
You can already access the ALPHANUMERICID
Brazilian Portuguese: look it is not working
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I would like you to explain to me how it is possible for your technicians not to find a solution to my simple problem
I don't have access to PRS-ORG market on the web app
Only on the web app
E ja vi o que voces recomendam fazer
I tried, I waited, and no avail
And they say there is no possible resolution?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I am having issues with my game
I've been trying to solve this for a while now and it's not solving my game problem.
and I would like to pay him back
but the game start time has already passed for the first time.
but I didn't even manage to play the game
because the game only stays in the menu screens
EMAIL
NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
So, I am trying to run my PRS-ORG (full edition) and since I got into the PRS-ORG, the PRS-ORG tells me that my system does not support ALPHANUMERIC games and advises me to contact the developer so the game can be updated and I can continue playing.
That’s why I’m here asking for this help
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, after research I am aware.
But my message is an appeal for the PRS-ORG to update the game for the most current systems.
Thank you, NAME-N
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: I am unable to download the PRS-ORG
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG could not download the game.
Please check your internet connection and try again.
other games do not show this error
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
As a first step, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening.
My name is NAME-F
I hope that you’re doing well too:)
I downloaded again the PRS-ORG and it is in English, I remember when I was playing on the other computer it was in Portuguese.
Unfortunately I couldn't find the settings
Can you tell me how I can put PRS-ORG in Portuguese?
Yes, I can't access PRS-ORG in Portuguese
Thank you so much for the help.
Oh, thank you so much!
Do you know whether there will be any forecast for this?
Or if the language change will be automatic?
Thank you so much.
That's all there is.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
I have a PRS-ORG and play the PRS-ORG
I would love to play the draft mode in PRS-ORG however I don't have enough PRS-ORG points to enter and I can't buy them
What can I do?
Yes
And to get regular coins is very hard because of the time that has gone by.
Difícil viu, there is no other way to access the mode
I saw that the servers will be down from the 14th
What will happen after this
There will basically be no way to play this mode anymore, right?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG I cannot open packs, because the store is unavailable for any type of purchase
Even msm pack that u get by completing initial missions
There is no way to open them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello my PRS-ORG is locked
I can't go in without knowing what's happening
I didn't do anything against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait.
I will check it out.
yes
The computer has a bit, NAME-N.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you give me your name please?
good evening
I would like some help, it's been more or less 2 months that I bought the PRS-ORG and now it's for free!
i need help, i have had several problems with the game that is getting stuck a lot and now this!
I would like to request that you consider it.
i bought ALPHANUMERICID in March of that year, and just now I noticed that it is for free
Brazilian Portuguese: I just spoke to them and they said it’s for you
Brazilian Portuguese: now it seems I will be cast aside
I would like an help from anyone.
About the case
yes, but I paid and now it's free for everyone
Ok, I understand your position, I'm not happy and I'm sorry about this position.
The game is available free of charge, for all subscribers, and I paid for it myself.
I appreciate your attention and apologize for disturbing you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To start, may I please have your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning NAME-F, how are you?
my name and NAME-M
I would like to see help with the situation I am having with my PRS-ORG
I'm fine too, thank you.
then, the following happens:
as soon as I got the PRS-ORG I could not play a game without having a performance problem, the FPS drops all the time and when it drops below 60 the game starts lagging
I have already tried following many tips on the internet about what to do to solve this problem and nothing worked, not even the second patch of the update, which was supposed to have corrected this sort of problem, as was stated in the description, and I don't know what else to do, but one thing is certain, I can't play.
I even tried to ask PRS-ORG for a refund but since more than two hours had passed (two hours of me trying to get the game to work) they didn't accept it.
And I don’t know what to do anymore, and it’s impossible to play any game mode\
Hi?
i believe i have already done all the processes and the problem still persists
not to mention the silence of PRS-ORG on these problems and a future update to fix it
because I don't know what else to do
okay, I'll do it
but let's agree that if PRS-ORG releases a patch it will take good months ne
and if it works
but thanks for the help.
no, thanks a lot
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon.
my name is NAME-M
I am having problems opening the packages I won
in the store
thank you
are 4 packages ok?
There is an info of connection and login problem.
I already tried by the app as well and nothing happens
okay
ok.
I will wait.
any thing i will contact you again
thanks a lot
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: how can I buy the game PRS-ORG and give it as a gift?
In this case, a code so that the person can download the game on his/her PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy from there is a link I can provide?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
For a start, could you please tell me your name?
hello
good night
I just downloaded the game
by PRS-ORG games
I can't change the language of the PRS-T1
yes
I can't
he is in english
it's just a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you give me your name, please?
hi my name is NAME-M
i wanted to add my prs-org account to my pc
How can that be?
ok
obg
ahhh
okay
obg
Brazilian Portuguese: nn
obg
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hi there, I hope that you are too, let's move on to my problem, I used to play ALPHANUMERICID in the platform of PRS-ORG, so I bought a PRS-ORG and another PRS-ORG, the game works well, the only problem is that I can not play with my online friends, they also have PRS-ORG.
My registered email is:
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: ID: NAME-N
I’ve already tried everything I know, I already talked to other people by chat, same thing, they couldn’t help me.
That means I can't play online mode with my friends.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Refund of the PRS-ORG
I had a negative experience
in relation to the performance of my computer
app crashes too much
not what i was expecting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please introduce yourself?
Hi NAME-N!
Here is NAME-F
I need help accessing my PRS-ORG account, the code isn't reaching my email
A code just arrived here haha
Thanks for the attention NAME-N!
No, that was it!
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
my name and NAME-M as NAME-M
good afternoon
okay
I'm good thank you for asking
so my PRS-ORG is not starting
I would like to unlink my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
i think the error is this one
sure
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: please check if the if and the
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
good day
NAME-M
I'm fine. How about you?
I would like to change the e-mail that's on my PRS-ORG account
how could I do this?
but when I send a security code to my email in order to carry out the exchange, the message does not arrive..
I am not receiving any email from PRS-ORG
that's right
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-N
I would like to transfer the account that I recently disconnected from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I disconnected from that user thinking that I would be safe with PRS-ORG, but when I opened again I lost the account
basically I wanted to transfer my progress from PRS-ORG account to another user
and I finally disassociated myself from PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: and I can't log in to my account anymore
when I open the PRS-ORG by the PRS-ORG
he has been bound to another PRS-ORG account.
Brazilian Portuguese: and a whole new progress appears
i would like to transfer the progress of this account PRS-ORG to another
Portuguese from Brazil: progress only of PRS-ORG
How can I proceed?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, may I get your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-F
I had an account in PRS-ORG, that was deleted by another person
my account was deleted
I had the game on PRS-ORG there with code: ALPHANUMERICID
I need help recovering my account.
EMAIL
Portuguese (BR): Yes I need help to recover the account
Brazilian Portuguese: it has been a while since i played and I think that it has been deleted or banned
yes
EMAIL
But that was the email I used
good afternoon, I made the withdrawal on 00h yesterday and it did not go through, I got in touch with you and the person said that there had been a delay in the payment, but that they would ask the responsible person to advance my payment, but I went to check my account now and the withdrawal was returned to my amulet account, what happened?
NAME-N to take it out again?
NAME-N: No-titlez.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: URL
NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
NAME-F what do you respond to me by email
Brazilian Portuguese: certo
yes
but why was it cancelled
That's what I want to know
Do I withdraw again?
then it is not any fault of mine
everything is ok with my account, right?
not
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Yes
Since yesterday’s update, I have not been able to enter Ultimate Team on the PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all PRS-ORG players
I do not have PRS-ORG
Furthermore I only have 5 friends
I am unable to solve the problem.
I have things to do.
I only have until today to get the NAME-N letter
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP I’m losing for not being able to play
But I have to play today
Because I have until today to achieve the goals
How are they going to solve this situation?
Will I be penalized against other players because I have PRS-ORG??
I will lose important points and players
That’s good.
I look forward to it.
Thank you for your help!
No.
It's all thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F sou NAME-M
EMAIL
510034
I had not received this ban before I stopped playing, do I come back and get banned for restricted activity?
I only wanted to play again to pass the time but I'm seeing that I lost track for nothing
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please provide me with your name?
hello good night
Could you resolve my doubt?
I want to buy the PRS-ORG...
but for me to play this new map
Am I required to purchase the GOL or ULTIMATE version?
or buying the basic one I can already play ?
gold or ultimate version*
i dont only want to know if and it is possible to play the new map by buying the basic version of PRS-ORG ?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, may I know your name please?
good afternoon
there is no game to download
I sent an attachment.
I received notification that it was available.
says it was available at 58 minutes
How do I solve it if I have PRS-ORG?
already solved
it would be necessary to restart the PRS-T1 application.
Thanks
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG, I owned a PRS-ORG but I didn't pay attention that the version I purchased was only for it.
I upgraded to PRS-ORG and I don't have the game for the new version.
Would it be possible to have that available?
Will I have to buy the same game again?
Since it costs the same amount on both platforms
Okay then.
I will not play again as I will not pay 2x for the same game.
I'll wait for next year.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First of all can you please introduce yourself?
Good evening, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to report two users who use hackers in the game PRS-ORG online mode.
The name of one of them is NAME-N and the other one is NAME-N
Both use commands that aim the scope automatically to the heads of other players and they see through walls.
By the way, the PRS-ORG online game servers are full of users using this type of cheat.
Unfortunately, it's a discouraging place to play.
I would like to see actions taken against them.
The fairest thing would be to ban them from the platform.
Okay.
I'll report it on the link you sent me
That's it.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name, please?
hello my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
i would like to link my prs-org account with twitch
only if she asks for an access code
in a number that I no longer have
I already tried those cases.
only q this is saying q they will send the authentication code to a number that I do not have anymore
and it's not the number I have linked
I used
Brazilian Portuguese: he takes me to the place where I reported the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: request a verification code
Brazilian Portuguese: and says will send to a telephone number
q I don't have anymore
I already changed this number on the PRS-ORG account quite some time ago.
Okay.
thank you so much for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name, please?
Name-M
I would like to have a telephone contact to speak with you
My account got hacked and you say there is nothing suspicious?
No, I am not feeling well
Vcs play with the clients
I am not enjoying this situation at all.
Good thing I can say it was me who did what happened to my account?
Yes I wished to have a contact for who to call by phone
Brazilian Portuguese: Please
Do you have a number to call??
My e-mail is EMAIL
I already know what they're going to tell me that no one has tried logging in to the account
But they entered me in the account?
OK, thank you.
Not thank you, only that
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Hello how are you?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all the PRS-ORG points and jewelry in order to win NAME-M, and again, no player came!
The past promotion has also not come
I made a complaint.
And I had no refund and won nothing.
Just a loss
Now the promotion of the same is gone from the store!
But it was reported last time
This is the second time in a row
I'm losing money
The clerk who told me that I was the first to report it
Now this is still happening
But just reporting it does not solve what happened
How do I ask for a refund?
Ok.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, would you please state your name?
My name is NAME-M
I’ve already been in communication with one of your colleagues regarding the missing game from my library. After doing what he asked, the game still is missing
And as I work and leave everyday at 20 it is quite difficult to have an online conversation that resolves my situation as I don't have access to my pc right now
EMAIL
The missing game and the PRS-ORG
Game bought on 26-11 in PRS-ORG
I have already rebooted, I have already become dishonest, I have already opened the app dat, I have already deleted the files your colleague told me about, and still there is no game.
I have the bank's proof of payment and PRS-ORG's proof of purchase as I have already been playing it for 30 hours.
€47.99 was paid.
I was able to start up with PRS-ORG
Given that I am not at home I could not log in there, so I will check as soon as I arrive!
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you give me your name please?
good evening, my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: I need help because my PRS-ORG is reading my controller as if it were a PRS-ORG
however my control is PRS-ORG
in PRS-ORG this as PRS-ORG and the settings of the control in PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG is also as for PRS-ORG
however when i open the game it is like PRS-ORG
it was normal before, I've tried everything to fix it but it does not work
was
Brazilian Portuguese: changed to PRS-ORG out of the blue
Brazilian Portuguese: and it won't go out of any kind of way
I made a print to show that it is marked as a PRS-ORG control in PRS-ORG
where can I send them?
Brazilian Portuguese: now it returned to normal
much appreciated
have a good night
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide me with your name?
NAME-M, I have 38 players listed for transfer in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear as sold but I didn’t receive the coins and I can’t withdraw them.
They are there, frozen.
You need gold cards to make PRS-ORG
Did you understand?
Thats the 38 players stuck on my transfer list there
These are low values.
Brazilian Portuguese: They are 79 overall gold players at the most, around 1,500 per player.
They are there listed.
all gold, rare, or common
I should have added up the values of each player, but I didn't
But this is the second time you have erred with me.
Time goes by and nothing is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, may you please indicate your name?
brazilian portuguese: hello good afternoon
My PRS-ORG won't open
Every time I update the operating system, this happens
I bought it through PRS-ORG
my name is NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: he just doesn't open
I already disabled the antivirus.
already touched the data app
Brazilian Portuguese: and it serves for nothing
I already did that my friend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Portuguese name: NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, when you click to play a multiplayer game, the game crashes
in only a few seconds
what may it be?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
I downloaded it from PRS-TOR, but it forces me to use PRS-TOR to play it
I would like to be able to send you a video of what is happening
Well, I downloaded PRS-ORG, the game starts normally, campaign mode works normally.
Brazilian Portuguese: only the multiplayer that is not
but the campaign works normal, I can play normal
this error only affects the multiplayer
it's actually not even an error, the game just closes
I will try to uninstall and reinstall
Not
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Good afternoon
I can’t unlink my prime gaming account.
I wanted to create my new account
If you can help me.
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Okay, I will be waiting, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Why PRS-ORG has a garbage server?
DON'T COME ASKING ME QUESTIONS
JUST READ
NAME-N, can anyone read this?
And which problem did I say?
I didn’t say this was my internet, this isn’t my PC
AND THE PRS-ORG SERVER IS GARBAGE
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, all the attendants say this same thing
To this day the server is still a piece of crap
Soon?
"NAME-N what a joke" in Portuguese
For years, the consumer was making a complaint
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG, not greedy, does not buy a server
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, if you don't mind, please indicate your name.
my name is NAME-M
I was putting together a draft online
And he came
Brazilian Portuguese: 2 NAME-N I sent the image attached
that is impossible.
Is that right?
Portuguese: cannot help.
in this case
I will take further action against the company
we players pay to have a product, and as there are PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel that I am at a disadvantage
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Why is the game so buggy after the update...PRS-ORG
When the next update comes out to find out why there is no way there before then...
Player suddenly stops running... defender jumps ahead of the attacker. Lateral runs double the speed of the wings.
I do all dmes all of us the first day play at each other not be found on the field.
I'm not complaining about the gameplay
Wl I do 8x1 9x1 and I made 4 times in agony there is no way you play like that.
I want to know when the next update of PRS-ORG???
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yesterday I spoke to NAME-M about my account that was invaded
Brazilian Portuguese: she helped me, but I can't log in my prs-org account
I've already changed my password several times.
and I can't login to the account that is linked to the PRS-ORG account.
my NAME-M got shut down and I have not been able to get in touch again
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you state your name, please?
Pleasure too.
I have a question about PRS-ORG.
I see speaking about becoming verified at PRS-ORG.
To be verified is to get in the elite division of PRS-ORG?
Okay.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I have doubts concerning PRS-ORG problem packs.
I saw that the player picks who made the player picks from PRS-ORG and withdrew from PRS-ORG are going to get the player pick again
But what did the pack icon prime do and took the icon moments out as well?
I deleted a PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG pack
I understand, how long does it take until I receive in this case?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I'm fine, thanks.
I subscribed to PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG to play PRS-ORG but it doesn't seem to buy in without buying
Can I get the PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check
I can't find this game.
I have been looking at the list of games on the PRS-ORG now and they are all on the PRS-ORG including the PRS-ORG.
Except PRS-ORG that is not in PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I contacted it a little while ago because I have the same PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG and on PC but on PRS-ORG it gave me a different name
In PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG, I have been working in a team in PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I accessed the account on PRS-ORG, but a different name appeared on the PC
Brazilian Portuguese: Nome PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: Name PRS-ORG PC - ALPHANUMERIC
The email address is the same - EMAIL
Yes exactly, and I want to stay with the PRS-ORG account here on the PC.
Yes, I've played PRS-ORG, when PRS-ORG offered it to you a few months ago.
Here on the Pc.
Yes I know, but when I started the PRS-ORG here in the PC, it searched for my PRS-ORG account, so much so that I received the prizes for continuing to use my account to play.
Not counting PRS-ORG, I had never played PRS-ORG on the PC.
Yes, that's possible.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon NAME-M
I am NAME-M.
I was playing in the weekend league, and I was winning 3x1 when my rival abandoned the game.
But I didn’t win the victory
Do you manage to check?
EMAIL
I should have won, right?
No
I think the second to the last
It was 3x1.
Ah, it's alright then
But is it going to be counted as a victory?
I got it.
Thank you.
No.
Just that
Thanks!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I know your name, please?
Good afternoon
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put in the email it does not go forward
Do not progress
ValéEMAIL
Everything is tiny and without accent marks
How do I do that?
Kkkkk
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I please have your name?
I just bought PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG site
I made the rescue on the PRS-ORG account
But it's not showing up in the game
Here it appears that I have 55 Real available
How do I put it in PRS-T1?
That's right
CREDITCARD
That is what I purchased on PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I managed to get it here on the account
Brazilian Portuguese: the value
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good afternoon!!
I would like to know if it is possible to delete my account in PRS-ORG?
Why am I trying to log in and it is saying there is a problem with my account.
I would like to uninstall and start everything again.
I am unable to open my PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG games
also
It says "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account.
Then I log into PRS-ORG with my free email and the app opens
Only I can not link the PRS-ORG and I can not start the game
I've already uninstalled the app and the game and reinstalled them
Nevertheless, it didn’t resolve anything
I am in dire need of your help, this is my second time speaking to you this day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, may you please give me your name?
Good night, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure is mine
So I have been away for some time and I cannot get into my old account
I am unsure about the email, I believe it is, EMAIL
But when I ask to recover the password I don’t receive the email
Since PRS-ORG is a very old website it has undergone so many changes that I had to now reactivate my email
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
Hi.
Dear Support, I would like to cancel my PRS-T0 subscription
I am trying to perform the cancellation through the billing page, but the cancellation option is not appearing
The associated email is EMAIL
Everything is already cancelled by PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG subscription.
A question: If I sign up for PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG, will the progress in other games that I had on PRS-ORG be preserved?
Or would everything be starting from scratch?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG help, my name is NAME-M.
Can you start by telling me your name, please?
hello good afternoon
I then have a problem with the app in PRS-ORG
I can not download the PRS-ORG
the msg appears: there was a problem with your download
something went wrong during the download.
Wait a few minutes and try again.
yes
I only have access via PRS-ORG
i'm going to do the procedures here
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good night, my name is NAME-M
Likewise, NAME-M.
I did a PRS-ORG saying "PRS-ORG player choice", but I received a PRS-ORG.
But I did only the PRS-ORG because I thought I would win the Player's Choice and I wouldn't have done it if I knew I would win a pack.
Is there something that can be done?
Are you still here?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you to indicate your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a match in PRS-ORG when my opponent, after scoring a goal, left the match
As soon as I finished the match, a message appeared, saying that the match was being reviewed
I tried to enter the game mode again, but I couldn’t enter and I saw a message saying that I didn’t have the right to play that mode
Appears on rivals and PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG it is entered normally
No, I want to end the season, we still have 7 matches, but I can't play
I'm finding that I have been banned unjustly.
Brazilian Portuguese: 1 minute
EMAIL
Portuguese: NAME-N
Oh perfect, I was afraid that I took ban kkkkkkkkk
Thanks for the help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
That is my game login, my account was banned and the PRS-ORG, I stayed a while without playing and noticed I had lost some coins
I think I have been hacked!
I play since 2012 and never made anti-playing!
I need you to look into what’s happening for me
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I am having problem of getting into PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: one moment it says that it's a PRS-ORG problem and another it's the servers'
Brazilian Portuguese: ja i have been on the websites several times.
and it never does
Brazilian Portuguese: what did I do
I do it.
it went well now
thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good morning!
My name is NAME-M
Pleasure!
Name-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG via my mobile phone, via the PRS-ORG app, when I got home I logged into the game and PRS-ORG were not there.
I purchased the game again and it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORGs of the second purchase have fallen.
But the first purchase, didn’t drop PRS-ORG into the game
Yes!
It has already passed 24h.
I bought it at 10:05 yesterday
Life, I feel cheated by the loss of these PRS-ORG.
I got it!
I will contact the PRS-ORG, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Could you tell me your name to start with please?
NAME-F
Everything okay with you?
I am trying to buy some PRS-ORG points and when I go to log in a message appears that says
It is not possible to add PRS-ORG points at this time
Try later
It has been a few days, it has never happened.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Sorry, I didn't catch that?
Is the server blocked from buying PRS-ORG points for PRS-ORG 18?
I see, so it's a temporary problem.
If I'm not able to within 24 hours, I'll contact you again.
Thank you for your attention
We recently purchased 24 e-books via PRS-ORG app and paid by credit card.
I'd like to know whether a NF will be issued for this purchase??
In waiting.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 03/03/2021
We recently bought 24 e-books via the PRS-ORG app and paid via credit card.
I would like to know if there will be an invoice for this purchase??
On hold.
Will you issue an NF for the purchase we made via the PRS-ORG app?
For the entire sale of a product, an NF is generated right?
I would like to know if you are going to send me the PI via email for the 24 e-books purchase that we just made
How is this?
Are you not partnering with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, NAME-M.
I was already talking to another attendant but my connection dropped
I am okay thank you for asking.
My PRS-T1 game has a bug, where the icon marker is moving without me moving the controls
I already replaced the control and it still has the same bug.
Yes.
When I turn on the game the arrow keeps on moving, choosing the icons, without me even touching the controller.
I have already used different controls but it still bugs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: can you help me?
I already have PRS-ORG linked on PRS-ORG account
I was playing PRS-ORG normally... until yesterday.
Brazilian Portuguese: today I can't log in to PRS-ORG anymore, it says: "Sorry but there was an error connecting to PRS-ORG"
EMAIL
I already even formatted the pc to check if it would start back up.... and it still didn’t work at all
I'm going to send you a print screen
just got up and running again.
Did you make any adjustments?
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Name-M
Good night
I can not link my account to PRS-ORG
I put in the email and password but the code didn't arrive to the email
EMAIL
the one above is main one
Brazilian Portuguese: the secondary is EMAIL
but does not offer the option to put secondary to bind
I got it using the code you sent
obg
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
First off, could you tell me your name please?
Portuguese (Brazilian): NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have a specific problem
in my PRS-ORG
I am having a problem.
that when I try to change the shadow details graph, to the disabled one, it goes back to the off one all of a sudden
i just want to set to disabled, but i can't
EMAIL
here is the email
Brazilian Portuguese: it must be some technical problem, NAME-F I tried to uninstall the game and reinstall it, format the PC, and nothing worked
is still the same problem
NAME-F ?
Brazilian Portuguese: that was a long time ago.
Brazilian Portuguese: almost a year ago
this is not the problem
the problem is with my game charts
just the "details of the shadows [lighting]" which keeps changing downwards, on their own
Portuguese: mesmo eu querendo deixar desativado
Name-M, I hope to receive a reply as soon as possible
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello 😸
My 10/10/10 badge has not been taken into account
Each one of the team has to kill 10 people to capture, we got it, it's her who didn't count.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG game
I have photo and video if that helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help. My name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please introduce yourself?
Portuguese: Olá bom dia
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked with the email EMAIL
Last night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG and still did not enter the account
Brazilian Portuguese: ID PRS-ORG
E-mail EMAIL
I bought it directly from the PRS-ORG store.
Brazilian Portuguese: Direct purchase of the game was giving an error
I opened the PRS-ORG menu, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reais
This value of the account has the PRS-ORG signature
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
For starters, may I have your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I renewed my PRS-ORG subscription but it entered duplciity.
I want to cancel one of the charges
the signature is for prs-org
I made the purchase myself through PRS-ORG.
In the PRS-ORG app
okay then.
thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: nothing more than that
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
good dua
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
For a start, may you indicate me your name, please?
I need to report that the request was received.
.. there's a need to test whether I can download it.
and to see if the brochure came with the PRS-ORG
Where can I print it?
with the instruction manual.
I bought version 4.
Brazilian Portuguese: no limitations of the free to be launched on day 18
Brazilian Portuguese: already appeared in the download environment
but I need to know where to download the manual with the license and instructions
also
It would be like downloading Start and the instruction manual equal to the PRS-ORG
when I bought it it was in physical media
and the instruction manual
Yes
In Portuguese: no mais agradeço
Good morning and good work
Brazilian Portuguese: only that.
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I know your name, please?
Good evening!
I would like to request my rivals reward since I’ve completed the 8 weekly wins
My name is NAME-M
My email is EMAIL
Ah yes 🙌🏻
It's OK
Thanks for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please know your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I sent the error photo when logging in
I was in an online game and in the middle of the game my Internet went down.
I am trying to reconnect more and I can't
I have sent a photo of the error.
I would like to enter the PRS-ORG menu
I need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I am restarting consolo
PRS-ORG* consoles
Brazilian Portuguese: And I’ll try again
I think it went well 🤞🤞
That was it.
Thank you very much for the help!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, please indicate your name.
I bought PRS-ORG
not dropped
I already attached exactly as you ask for
and I need them to be manually inputted
because I want to buy something that has a time limit to buy.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
EMAIL
Cara, I will loose the promotion and I will sue you.
second call that I opened and you guys in this tomfoolery
proof was already sent, it's supposed to be in my account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you state your name please?
Hello Friend
I was banned and I wanted to use my email again for another account
I want you to delete my account
Yes
Clear everything
I want to use this email again, buddy
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: the account has already been disabled and you are left with the email retained
My PRS-ORG account is this email, I cannot play PRS-ORG on it because you are holding my email
To change how?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please let me know your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
So, Good day, NAME-F!
I am having an issue of disconnects, or dc as it is better known, in my account
It’s not my Internet because I am never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server but only from the matches.
And that is hurting me a lot, especially in the PRS-ORGs, because it is very important not to lose silly games trying for a higher rank, but now if I take this kind of disconnection every week how can I do?
That, I'm experiencing disconnection issue
Facing**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please state your name?
Good afternoon, all right!!
So it sounds like there's an update to the game today, correct?!
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, however, when I started, the game gave an error
I have already uninstalled, and reinstalled.
However he continues to persist in error.
I can not play, the error message always shows up
I have the photo
Brazilian Portuguese: You may keep
I remain in waiting.
I even thought of restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and everything is fine
Only the PRS-ORG only gave an error message even after updating, and it never works
Do you think you can be released today?
Or do they give some deadline?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To start, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account was suspended from the transfer market
Account: ALPHANUMERICID
However, I'm not involved in any currency trading scheme
Correct
Brazilian Portuguese: Of course.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
My name is NAME-M
I want to switch the PRS-ORG account that is linked to my PRS-ORG account
I had attached a PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account, but it's my cousin's account, and I signed up for PRS-ORG so I want to change one account for the other.
I want to link another prime account
Only that I can't, because it says that I can't link another account
But I don’t want to use the 2, I just want to keep the prime that I signed up for
I want to link another Prime Gaming account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I know your name, please?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and it does not charge.
It gets stuck on the story mode loading screen
My pc meets the requirements for the game and I already tried setting graphics at max to try and load
So all we have to do is wait to be corrected?
Is there anything I can do?
I want to play the game
It turns out that in the beginning of the year the same game was on promotion and I bought it and I had exactly the same problem.
I had asked for a refund because I thought it was a hardware problem.
Do I have to wait 1 more year to be able to play this game?
8 months went by and the problem was never solved
it is hard to trust their word that soon it will be resolved
What a joke
But okay.
I don't have anything to do even
Thanks for at least keeping me in the loop.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Name-M
I can't start a game.
It was after I did a DME that this error began to occur…
Today this morning I was playing normal
Now the night is with the problem
A message appears that the connection to the PRS-ORG is faulty
And from there return to the home menu
I can not start game in any mode
Already made the test of my connection is all ok
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Is my account all OK?
Are others also having this problem
How do I fix it?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good evening.
I can’t play PRS-ORG.
I hold the PRS-ORG membership of PRS-ORG, it also includes PRS-ORG
It so happens that, after opening the game, the error appeared that I attached the pictures
Remembering that this is the 10 o’clock evaluation
I even managed to get access to the game earlier.
But now I am trying and the error described shows up
Talk to me to verify my subscription, it is active until the 2nd of next month
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, could you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
It's good, and you?
I am having trouble getting into PRS-ORG mode and a few friends are experiencing the same problem.
How nice!
☺️
Yes, I even sent it at the beginning of the conversation
A photo of what appears
Unable to connect to PRS-ORG.
Please try again later.
This message that appears
What I play PRS-ORG is another profile.
Play PRS-ORG on one account and PRS-ORG on the following
EMAIL
This is the e-mail
Yes yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I still have problems starting the game.
I cannot play
anticheat gives problem
Brazilian Portuguese: a so-called memory dump appears in the error message
I got in touch earlier and I was told that this problem would be solved right away.
and I signed up with prs-org just so I could play the game today.
I want to know when I will be able to play
yes
I have tried a lot of things already.
Brazilian Portuguese: and nothing is solved
You must be aware of the problem already
then what is the solution?
the problem is the anticheat?
Shouldn't I do anything on my computer?
ok
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, may I ask your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I can't play PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG
A message comes up saying that I don't have permission
Yes.
Says I don’t have the required rights to access that feature.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I was speaking to another agent and the conversation dropped.
regarding my last open PRS-ORG case
no, i purchased the prs-org at his event!
however right after you nerfed it and it’s unplayable, my request was to be able to exchange my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one!
because I deeply regretted buying his and nerfing the doll
I would really like that you could help me
I was talking to another attendant but he dropped, he said he would check with the team
attendant*
Portuguese (Brazil): yes or refund to pick wraith
new from wraith
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG is the game that I love the most, the game that I have played the most since Season 1
Brazilian Portuguese: I would be very grateful if you can help me
poxa
any codes to attempt to buy the new inheritance?
I wouldnt care if he quit the band.
seer
Brazilian Portuguese: you give so much code to these streamers who keep talking bad about the game, and even we, who love the game, get harmed by the nerfs you give the toys
I would be playing with him if they had not killed him
now ive spent and i regret it and ngm can help me
Brazilian Portuguese: a code, you would be helping me complete what is missing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, my account was invaded or my cell phone was hacked, I don’t know, and my players and coins disappeared and I was banned from the market.
I was very focused on my account and now this happens I am discouraged
I’ve been trying to get in touch, give me 5-star attention; support is just sending emails that won’t fix the problem
Case
My account is already old and I have never been banned it's not me
And in order to start another account it won't work because I already have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is linked
Help me, please.
I am desperate
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First, please tell me your name.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
this problem has persisted now for a week.
I'm very angry.
When I try to start the anti-cheat system, I get the message: "could not be started.
Required administrator's access this problem persists for a week now
I require an answer urgently
YES LOVE
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-F.
NAME-M.
Therefore, I took advantage of the 70% discount that PRS-ORG is offering, and decided to get a PRS-ORG.
NAME-F, I installed it, but when I run the game I find myself in front of these error messages... I do not understand what they are about, nor how to solve them...
I sent the print in the annex when we opened the chat.
Yes, that is right.
I open the game by the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG webpage, it also opens by PRS-ORG, and appears the errors I've sent in print.
Was the print sent to you accessed by NAME-F?
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
I have already reinstalled both PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG App, but PRS-ORG will not open.
The PRS-ORG App opens twice and does not open the game.
It was normal until yesterday.
Correct.
I already tried all your tutorials.
I’ll only format the computer…
Even the last support person sent 3 links to my email that I had previously accessed.
EMAIL
This is associated with my PRS-ORG account where the purchase was made from.
No error message appears.
He just won't open up.
He hasn't even opened PRS-ORG.
The APP PRS-ORG simply closes and reopens in offline mode
ok
It was the same links you sent me last time.
I already accessed and it did not solve it
I guess I'll have to try reformatting my computer because even you guys don't know why
Thanks for nothing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you give me your name please?
Hi my friend, how are you doing?
my name is NAME-M
I'm onboard
I bought PRS-ORG a few minutes ago, but I didn't like the game much
then I wanted to ask for a refund
Can you help me with this?
Of course, a friendly moment
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Good night!
my name is NAME-M
I was planning on purchasing PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG but I can't figure out if my PC has the requirements to run the game
my processor is a PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID   2.40 GHz.
and I have 8 GB of RAM
but the graphics card is
Yes, but graphics card has only Nvidia or PRS-ORG
my graphic is Intel HD graphics 520
is it possible to run the game?
ah, ok
well, it seems that I'll have to invest in a video card
Thank you for your help!
thank you
That’s it for today!
Have a nice rest of the day and good work!
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
I am NAME-M.
I was playing PRS-ORG and the server crashed.
Am I going to lose the match?
Will I get my entry for PRS-ORG returned?
I am unable to connect
The server is down
My internet is fine.
It was the server that went down while I was playing
I want to know if I will get my entry back to PRS-ORG?
Brazilian Portuguese: More it's not just me who can't get in
Everyone I know is unable to
It wasn't a problem of my internet
The issue was with the server from there
I just don't want to lose the match because of that
I just want the PRS-ORG entry returned
OK
That's all there is.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: wanted a refund
of the game  I bought PRS-ORG
I'm unable to play
Portuguese: the game is with an error and I can't get in to play
Brazilian Portuguese: there are more conditions but I don’t want money back
3 days that I couldn't log in to play the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, may I ask you your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M birth
Good evening, how are you?
I'm contacting you because you deleted my team and I want to see if I can get it back
NAME-N this game gives me the nervous kkkk
That too.
In the end
Name of the club troops of the sorcerer
Okay
EMAIL
Huuum OK, I am closing my participation in PRS-ORG
Thank you for your effort.
Good night NAME-F all the best, stay with God
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I get your name please?
Hello, my NAME-F
Everything okay?
My house in the PRS-ORG disappeared
It was in contact now, they have asked me to follow a step by step guide for error resolution by PRS-ORG
I had to restart the computer and lost the dialog, but it didn't work
I haven't used any corrupt items, only those in the package,
It went missing for a time, I opened a solution request, and after a while the update appeared and it came back
I created the family and when I went to put it in the house it had disappeared again.
That's right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
Hello my doubt is in question of PRS-ORG.
At 10 o’clock on the PRS-ORG account only when the game is open
Either one tells it from the first moment they start opening up the game
More if I close the game and I want to do another test it continues the time
Or only when the game is open?
If I turn off my computer, does the time keep going?
If the game is totally closed
Brazilian Portuguese: Time still continues
Or only if the game is open
Okay, thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Pleased to meet you.
I am tremendously distressed because I entered into my account and I noticed that practically all my coins were removed.
About 1 million and 100 thousand coins.
I don't know what to do about this!
That’s why I came to ask for help
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening, I have just contacted you because I am having a problem downloading the purchase I made.
I redid the purchase and the same problem occurred.
My Name: NAME-M
That's fine.
I keep having trouble downloading the PRS-ORG package to the PRS-ORG that I purchased.
I am using the PRS-ORG App.
Could it be a problem with the app?
I managed to download it
I cleaned the cache of the app.
of the PRS-ORG App in the "App Recovery" option
It worked .
For now it is just obligatory!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I bought a game and I can't download it, can you help me?
I installed the PRS-ORG app on my computer
I purchased The PRS-ORG Collection of Worlds
EMAIL
I'm not getting error message I want you to teach me how to download game on PRS-TUBE APP
Brazilian Portuguese: he only appears (YOU ALREADY HAVE THAT COMPLIMENT)
But I do not know how to download the game
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG level 500 account already
However I want to play on pc and link the same account
when the cross progression come, will not go wrong of losing my things of the PRS-ORG account?
The game is PRS-ORG legends
but I will play on the pc now
with the same email.
etc.
will there be some future problem?
I am a writer and own the rights to the book The Fairy and the Wizard
Brazilian Portuguese: URL
Brazilian Portuguese: you can't sell!
the company that put the book there cannot see the same book..please remove..
I don't speak as a user
I am speaking as a writer and copyright owner.
you are human
I want to talk to a human
I am going to open a case there. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Hello Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to solve this problem of mine, I decided to contact you.
When I try to start the PRS-ORG I get an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I've tried everything I've seen on the internet to fix it, but to no avail.
Basically, you guys are my last chance.
I did not do that one in question.
Do you want me to?
just give me one minute please, I'll be quick
Unfortunately it continues to give the same error
After following all the steps, the same error appeared again when starting up the PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately I am unable to open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS in the PRS-ORG Companion App.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hi, I am not able to connect to rivals
It’s been over 15 hours
I'm managing to log in to play rivals
An alert is appearing, over 15 hours.
Yes
I had already contacted the support and they told me the problem would be quickly fixed.
However, the problem still remained
Okay, what about the rewards?
Because there is 1 game left for me to play and 12 hours left to end the Rivals
It’s alright
And how would I pick up these packages afterward?
As it is the progress of every season, it is 89 games to catch the best reward, and I am not managing to play to catch the 90th game
It is frustrating that we play a whole season and are not rewarded
Especially in such an important event like the TOTY
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
everything is ok
then, a long time ago I deleted my gmail that was part of a PRS-ORG account and today I can no longer access my old account just because I deleted my old gmail
would help me?
Brazilian Portuguese: this account that I am talking about now, and my gmail account, that is, I want to try to recover my old account
that is registered in that gmail
EMAIL
this old gmail was deleted and I forgot to change it on prs-org before I deleted it, and had games in it
Brazilian Portuguese: like bf4 and others
How could I recover the account by PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: then, NAME-M.
Today, I purchased and downloaded the game NAME-F and, after the installation, the game wouldn’t open.
Giving the following message: “There was an error on our part that caused the startup to fail.
Try again later."
No, it is installed.
But it doesn't open when I begin...
yes
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
Why did I like amuletobet then?
I found a better betting house
Agile URL is not a bonus and withdrawal.
I can’t play with platforms like this
I am sorry mate but I can't.
Bonus denied
That's why I want to delete my file, and I don't want my bonus either, I've already decided, and in my way.
I do not want to do it anymore, I have found another gambling house that is better, and I value this and my form.
Tchau de já I'm already grateful.
By the exclusion.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, may I ask your name please?
I bought the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and when I start up PRS-ORG my game is not in the library, when I start up PRS-ORG I am redirected to PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I did not receive any code, giving me an error of denied access, I print the proof of purchase
Yes
Actually I bought by PRS-ORG, didn't know it had a code
but at the beginning of the game I am redirected to the PRS-ORG and asks for the code
I contacted PRS-ORG and they directed me to the PRS-ORG website, but I'm now lost, one is directing me to the other.
And here on the website you say I can turn to you
I lost my code and did not install via the PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose your product code please contact us so that we can assist.
A receipt may be requested, so have it on hand.
that's a topic I found
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-F
Pleased to meet you
I bought the game PRS-ORG but I'm unable to access it
I am teaching e-mail, but I am having trouble finishing
I'm unable to proceed and use it
I thank you a lot.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I get your name please?
Hello I’m NAME-M
Please help me.
I was hacked and as far as I can tell, they removed my club from PRS-ORG.
I invested so much money and PRS-ORG points and I can't lose my account like that.
As I sent the photo in the annexe this morning, I have now tried to log on to my PRS-ORG companion app and I do not have a club.
Could you help me?
What can you do?
Thanks in advance for the help
I played for the last time on Tuesday night.
I did not play yesterday because I worked the whole day and today when I wanted to enter the club in the morning it said that there was no club.
Okay thanks for the info
Then you say it is this and I wasn't hacked
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I'm trying to link a PRS-Tego account
Brazilian Portuguese: but he says that another is already bonded
Brazilian Portuguese: already disassociated myself from last week.
EMAIL
This is the e-mail I want to associate with.
It appears that what is linked is the EMAIL
I was not using the old one
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Good afternoon
My name is NAME-M
I can't log in to my PRS-ORG account on the PRS-ORG game
The app closes as soon as I enter the option to put the account
Yes
Already rebooted.
I have already uninstalled and installed the app
Brazilian Portuguese: And the problem persists
Not
The game was just installed
You did not ask for any updates.
Okay.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My name is that
I am great
I am unable to sign in to the PRS-T2 mobile
In my account
The login error is because it simply does not appear to me
Only a dark image is left
Brazilian Portuguese: And then it just keeps loading
thank you for trying to fix this for me, I thank you very much
Yes I am using the PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
That is the id I was using
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: the email is EMAIL
I have already been served in the PHONENUMBER protocol
nothing helped
Brazilian Portuguese: the game just freezes whenever I open it
either by PRS-ORG or by PRS-ORG
I have reinstalled, I have done everything
Brazilian Portuguese: and still it is not opening.
the black screen
exactly
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, NAME-M.
I am NAME-M and was talking to the PRS-ORG when the window closed.
Brazilian Portuguese: It is also a pleasure
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins but didn't even select the difficulty level.
My energy went down and I lost the coins without going into the draft.
Can you help me?
EMAIL
Thank you
Unfortunately this does not solve the problem.
There are no rewards once the draft has even been contested but the PRS-ORG kept my 15 thousand coins.
There is nothing else that you can help me with.
It is lamentable.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I ask your name please?
NAME-M
I'm sorry I'm not feeling well
My account is advertising my players and items on PRS-ORG
doing buying and selling without me asking !!!!
I don't know if anyone is getting into my account or if it's some kind of bug.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My account email is saying that I don't have one.
PRS-ORG
But, here I come in.
My email and this EMAIL
I just want to recover the account
In the PRS-ORG it enters normally
In the PRS-ORG app
No.
I believe so.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
I'm not able to make the payment for the packages, it does not authorize even though I have enough money in the credit card
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: just swipe the card, as usual
seconds later
Brazilian Portuguese: the purchase is cancelled
tried 2 different cards
What should I do?
Try again later?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
My name is Indian Shit
Go and take it up your ass, you asshole!
That company had to explode with all of you inside, it will take you
Nauseating handicap of that game.
Always favouring the worst ones.
If the son of a bitch plays badly or has a crap team, then the problem is all his.
Then here you are fu***ng up the game with this handicap
Speak to me, NAME-N, are you not ashamed to work for this company???
Are you not ashamed to work for PRS-ORG?
How much time do you need to answer a simple question?
My question is: are you not ashamed to work for PRS-ORG?
It is a very simple question: yes or no?
Well based hahaha you have been brainwashed, friend
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I know your name please?
Hi good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Would there be any link I could enter?
Not to use the app
I managed to access the link, but will I be able to play PRS-ORG through this application?
Opa, desse link
Equal in the PRS-ORGado
How?
:C
When I click on the PRS-ORG it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, but gives options to download PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG doesn't do it?
My God
Now what?
I have uninstalled it and reinstalled it, but nothing.
Then I enter the PRS-ORG program that is installed on my computer, but it opens the PRS-ORG that does not load and the game does not start
I will restart, hope it works.
Desperate I am
thanks.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Portuguese (Brazil): oi tudo bem e com você?
then since last week I have been having problems with speed lag
however my connection is good and the servers are working too.
I dont know if the video was sent
i normally connect to the servers and can log in to PRS-ORG
however, entering the game, there appear some red signs on the top of the screen
and locks everything, and out of nowhere everything gets super fast.
Brazilian Portuguese: The ping is always between 30 and 40
but a different sign appears in red in the upper corner of the screen
I don't know if you understood
so my problem probably is with the internet provider then
unfortunatelly
for fuck's sake, what a bag
not was  that itself thanks a lot
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Yes.
I bought the pass today at 4pm but didn't release it, I have been sending proof of purchase and talking to an attendant to solve the problem.
Now they've asked me to speak on the live chat
Could you explain to me step by step?
Because when I leave I have to do everything all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon
Brazilian Portuguese: and portuguese
hello
my god kkkkkkkkk
didn't know that language
Brazilian Portuguese: then NAME-N
but I do not know the email account for this code
how chic
i can pass you the email of the account in which i am speaking with you now.
but it's not the account with the expansions that I'm referring to
my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask you for your name, please?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I would like to know how to access PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, stayed playing all day and I couldn't.
Is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
thank you too, on the transfer page it appears that my account PRS-ORG still lacks access
NAME-M, I have to get the access by playing
fortunately i thought that NAME-M had taken a bath while NAME-F was not there kkk
thanks ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I opened an assistance and I received an email yesterday saying it was finished
Only that the reward that was supposed to come didn't come to me
EMAIL
Oshi mais aqui is different for me
They analyzed and it has been credited to the coins in my account
And how do I add something from the game to my account, and you guys can’t do anything?
So, what are you serving for?
We paid so much for a game and when customer service is needed, they can't help me
And I still end up losing money
I want a solution.
And what happens, I end up losing money then?
Mate, if it comes down to it I'm not agreeing to that
How is it possible that I have content from the your account and somes and I am in the red?
And then a mail arrives saying everything is ok, there was an error, and that the game coins were added to the account?
Something’s not right.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
Will I have to buy again the PRS-ORG?
Brazilian Portuguese: order history shows that the status of PRS-ORG failed
hello, nice to meet you
in my card app it shows that the payment is in progress
but because of the status on the order history showing that it had failed I was left in doubt
another doubt, the amount will be refunded to my credit card then, right?
I am not at risk of getting stuck with two PRS-ORGs
Perfect, thanks a lot for the attention
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good night
I hope everything is alright with you
Is it possible to transfer a game from one PRS-ORG to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I am disappointed because I can't access the web app
It is said that I do not belong to a club
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I bought a pack in the store today that had a loan icon and 5 players 82+, but I received something totally different from what was advertised
I have never had any problem in that regard before.
Brazilian Portuguese: purchase date: today as15:48
I understood
will I receive the correct package ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello, I was being attended, but the call dropped.
Brazilian Portuguese: ID do caso PHONENUMBER
Game does not start due to PRS-ORG issues.
I already followed the attendant's instruction on uninstalling and reinstalling the anticheat and starting the PRS-ORG as admin, and it did not solve the problem
EMAIL
Ok, I solved the problem.
It worked.
Game is back up and running.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, can you tell me your name please?
Good evening
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I am stuck with my PRS-ORG transfer market closed
I am a customer of PRS-ORG since PRS-ORG 18.
But I was from the platform PRS-ORG and this year I purchased for PRS-ORG
NAME-N
Of course.
Thank you!
Is the service interrupted?
what is it?
Ahh tá
I will call again in a few minutes.
Thank you very much NAME-M
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I know your name please?
NAME-M
Then I bought a PRS-ORG at the American store in a promotion which came with the PRS-ORG, and when the product came to me, I activated the code to download the game, I claimed the reward, however, the game did not appear so that I could download it.
NAME-N shows up on PRS-ORG to buy.
I immediately contacted the store support and they asked to speak to you
this
Brazilian Portuguese: I'm not able to download through the activation code that came with the voucher
EMAIL
the code is not with me, I need to go and pick it up.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F I will forward this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I can't install PRS-ORG
I click on install and the installation process does not begin.
it closes automatically
correct
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG app fails to launch, nor setup for installation
I have already tried to download another setup or reboot the PC, download the system updates but so far nothing worked
nothing happens
i click on the setup of the prs-org but it simply does not work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, can you please let me know your name?
NAME-M
I wanted to solve a problem with my log in with the PRS-ORG draft
In Security Check where words appear to copy
I get along, but nothing more than that.
I am having problems logging in.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Hello Manas!
It's me again, I spoke to you recently about my old PRS-ORG account being attached to my PRS-ORG account, however I still get the same message even three hours later is this normal?
I am NAME-M!!
I opened a support ticket with you at about 20:30
However that message still persisted even after you've unlinked your PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG
Ok!
I will wait for you!
I can try again then in the morning!
If it's not resolved, I'll try to contact you again, OK?
Sure thing!!
I’ll take a look at the site you sent, thank you so much again for helping me out!
I would like to apologize for all this trouble haha, I feel like I'm annoying!
Thank you so much!!
It was a pleasure to receive your help again with this problem that I am having!
I hope she is disconnected from the old PRS-ORG tomorrow morning!
whenever I log on to the game the PRS-ORG world does not appear
I’ve already restarted my PC and reinstalled the PRS-T2 app
I already cleaned the PRS-TOP app caches
The PRS-ORG starts up normally.
Brazilian Portuguese: world PRS-ORG is not showing up anymore
Brazilian Portuguese: and every time I clean the PRS-ORG app caches the PRS-ORG shows up for download
EMAIL
away this with the cloudy weather here ,
too excited to be able to play this new pack and so far just sadness
just received a number
key to the case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please let me know your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
My The PRS-ORG game won't load...
A download error appears in my save
I access the game through PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
Now it is!
I restarted the game and the game application
Thank you so much for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon NAME-M
Is everything alright?
I made a withdrawal request but noticed it was denied and I did not receive the reason
Could you see for me what the problem was?
Is the code a bank number?
Because I filled in that item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know.
I am going to try to make another request
Thank you
Not
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you tell me your name, please?
My name is NAME-N.
Friend, please
I won a WL game, and my opponent started insulting me in the chat of PRS-ORG
I attached some images, I don't know if you were able to read them
I received xenophobic insults calling me NAME-N
I received death threats "you're going to die"
I have received vulgar insults as in the image
His ID is "NAME-N"
The blessed created 3 secondary accounts and is sending me messages over there saying that he will get me banned
Please help me, these behaviours are inadmissible.
Attached before I started the live chat
How can I enter it here?
I have 4 images.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Do you also need the images?
I have a copy of the conversation and all his submissions.
Okay.
I will do this now.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: pleasure.
well I am trying to access PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG 18 but it says my account is currently locked.
Brazilian Portuguese: it asks me to log in with the console on which I played the game, but I no longer have access to it.
so I say you to contact the PRS-ORG Help
Definitely.
ok yes now it is not showing the blocked message and is asking me to choose a security question so I think the problem is solved.
yes I managed to get in.
Thanks a lot for the help.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
I opened several rare megapackages today showing as tradable, but they were actually untradable.
It damaged me a lot (expelling players, time, etc)
I sent an attached video showing.
I would like to know what will be done about it.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you introduce yourself please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning.
Yesterday I purchased PRS-ORG
I have a doubt about the content
Are the items coming with the promotion immediately put in or only at the launch of the game?
For it did not drop the PRS-ORG points and other intens
Do you know how to inform us, please?
By PRS-ORG
Access was consolidated
However, the items are not
Ok thank you.
Hello good afternoon, I am having a problem to check my documentation.
An account verification was requested via email after I requested a 200 reais withdrawal
I sent all the documents, and now they are demanding a copy of credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual
And it has already expired, many of them have not even been approved for payment.
I have never had problems with PRS-ORG, I am unhappy
What do I do?
No, that’s all.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Good morning
NAME-M
So, I am running the PRS-ORG with a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, an NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card and 24GB of ram.
My settings are above PRS-ORG recommended for playing, but game is getting stuck a lot.
Many people are making complaints.
I would like to know if the PRS-ORG is aware of the issue and if they have already found a solution
I have not received any error messages.
What's happening is that I'm in the middle of a game, screen freezes and the game comes back at a very high speed, like on PRS-ORG
Additionally PRS-ORG is using about 80% of my video card to run
This is not normal.
Tá bom
I'll check it out and get back to you.
I would just like this problem to be registered, which many people are experiencing
It's not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use up 80% of the video card
Thank you.
Good day
Only just that
Thank you.
Hug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Well, I have recently bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I entered the game and I was faced with the error that my game needed internet?
What was weird was that I was online
But after searching, I discovered I need a key to join the game
I can’t create an account
In this case, I can’t create an account within the PRS-ORG
NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
It's like that, I was recently banned from the PRS-ORG transfer market just in the web app, and I am now also banned from the market on all platforms because I use the trade site
I confess that I used a trading site but it was for a short time.
And I wasn’t doing it for my own benefit
Yes
But I think I was banned unjustly
Because I had removed the site from my account
Because I really considered it unfair to use the site
And I think they banned me because also my account had suspicious activity recently
And you ended up changing the password of my account, saving it
Brazilian Portuguese: Email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, please state your name for the record.
Good morning, my name is NAME-F.
I wanted to ask a question, I have all the PRS-ORG in my computer, if I sign the PRS-ORG can I link them to PRS-ORG?
Or do I need to buy them all again?
no progress, but expansions
because the PRS-ORG of my pc I have spent more or less 5000 reals in all the expansions and extras
it gets difficult to spend it all now on the console
are there just the base game or expansions as well?
all right, thanks
NAME-M is that right, thank you!!
Have a good weekend.
I have a PRS-ORG that has a screen problem: half of it has scratches and I can’t read the texts.
I would like to change the screen but I am in Brazil and we do not have PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to fix this screen, even if it costs me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandmother’s house,
I had tried that before the pandemic and I think I will keep trying to find something that makes sense to me.
Either way thank you.
To you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you to state your name please?
Hello, NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I’m sorry, I’m not well, I’m quite emotional
I was threatened, and the player also engaged in psychological torture with me
Using low words towards my family
If I got tired at some point because he himself started threatening and wishing terrible things
Yes.
However, it was abusive that the player told me in the PRS-ORG game chat
The attached photo is the beginning that he reported
I am deeply disturbed and I am already going to call my psychologist who he said really upset me a lot
I am feeling very bad because I have a daughter
He only wished harm upon myself and my daughter as a father and I love my daughter
I'm feeling totally down, I can't even get out of bed because he's done.
nader
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
I'm not getting this
use the PRS-ORGpoints
Brazilian Portuguese: Like, I don’t have time to open packs with them.
The Brazilian Portuguese says: that I found it strange
why do youtubers/streamers exist
opening packs with PRS-ORG points
Brazilian Portuguese: type the URL is right now opening packs with PRS-ORG points
OK.
thank you
The data for PRS-ORG, Transferência, Boleto...any option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you tell me your name please?
Hey!
My name is NAME-F
I am having problems purchasing on the PRS-T1 app
I tried to buy some PRS-ORG packages several times, but without success
Could you help me?
I can’t process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill out full name and CPF but it doesn't generate the order
Then I can't pay
The charge is not created
So I cannot pay.
EMAIL
Portuguese from Brazil: PRS-ORG
I'VE DONE IT!
The last attempt triggered a spam flag.
It worked!
Thank you very much!
PRS-ORG does not load in a part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Good morning.
Nice to meet you!
Both my system (PRS-ORG) version and the game one are up to date!
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: He starts and I play until the end.
Brazilian Portuguese: little more than half of episode 8.
However when trying to start from where I stopped inside episode 8 it does not load!!
There is no error!!
Game just freezes when trying to load from where I stopped!
The screen goes black and the game loading indicator stops rotating!
Then I have to close the application!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please tell me your name?
Hello, nice tart.
So
Yesterday I made an improvement to the mid/ prime icon it is an error in the game itself I thought it was a player choice
but when I saw it it was a normal package
wanted to know if there was a way to return my players because if not for the translation error I would not have made the package
ok
but am I going to get some kind of compensation for the players I have spent?
Brazilian Portuguese: because I spent a lot of players and coins
just one more doubt about this matter
the PRS-ORG team would contact you by the game
or on some social network?
ok
i'll wait then.
thank you for the support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
For starters, could you please tell me your name?
Opa good morning
I am experiencing a problem when transferring PRS-ORG
I try to buy players when the price is right because I can pick them up cheaper.
And then seeing it for a price but all through the game with no sort of program
And msm this way, my transfer window was blocked
I also use PRS-ORG points.
I try to make the game as good as possible because I like the game a lot
I am no longer able to give passes to the players
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you doing?
I made the dme ej crack of the future
And the 4 options were all totw
Yes
I made the PRS-ORG of the future
Which gives 4 choices
Except that all options came selected by the week.
I chose NAME-N
But future cracks should be offered.
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I have your name, please?
NAME-M
The game PRS-ORG freezes all the time.
I reinstalled it, I looked through other options in various forums.
My PC meets the recommended requirements
but nothing changes this behaviour of the game
At the moment is even talking with my dad who is in the field of computers.
I will try and then I will say something
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
I made the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG points and I didn't receive it
Order Number: ALPHANUMERIC
Order date: March 12.
Brazilian Portuguese: from 2022 13:37:00 BRT
I purchased through the PRS-ORG Companiop app
Companion
You just joined
I received the points PRS-ORG
Thanks for the help.
PRS-ORG#1 to #7
I just looked here and did not redeem the PRS-ORG #4, but the others I did.
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M My name
I would like some help because I've been collecting the PRS-ORG rewards for months now, and when I buy it I want to have some packs.
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, only 1 is in it.
EMAIL
but I received 1, just do not know which one it was
I have a print out if you like which shows it was retrieved but not on gaming
By PRS-ORG/PC
when I got it wasn't playing since I bought the game yesterday
Brazilian Portuguese: I only bought it to have some packs when I bought it.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you tell me your name?
So, on the 31st/05, I bought PRS-ORG coins and didn’t receive them. I requested the reimbursement for PRS-ORG and everything was ok. On 02/06, I tried to buy again and didn’t receive my items nor could I get a refund. I tried talking to the PRS-ORG support and I was denied, I tried to talk to the support of PRS-ORG and they closed my case and gave it as resolved (nothing was resolved). I tried again to talk to the support of PRS-ORG and they sent me to an advanced team and nothing was done. Now I’m trying to talk to PRS-ORG again to resolve this. I’ve been since the 02nd without my item and without my money.
Please reply me
is it not enough that the company offers no support, the operators also?
Yeah I've been having the problem since the beginning of the month
already entered
And AGR?
my good lord
which is slow
i've done that fucked you
I fucking hate this company tamejm
I hope you suck each other off
Brazilian Portuguese: idiotic rubbish company.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi
Hello.
good afternoon
sorry for the delay
I have packet loss only on PRS-ORG
not in any other game.
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
And how do I solve it?
:(
You have already decided.
thank you very much <3
Just that thank you very much my friend
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you indicate your name to me please?
My purchased PRS-ORG points did not decrease
I paid and it was taken off
Brazilian Portuguese: Even more, the game hasn’t fallen yet
So?
Today.
I can see that.
I put to buy the pass.
Brazilian Portuguese: No.
I always bought directly via the game store
Brazilian Portuguese: It always falls at the same time.
You can't wait 24 hours because the pass will expire
Name-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
I am having trouble with the PRS-ORG app
It’s been months that the app is offline and doesn’t show the list of friends
As a result, I can't play with my friends online
Tried some firewall steps
I watched several videos about the error
but none of them worked for me
I'll give it a try.
I will need to restart my PC to complete the steps
If it works I thank you right away.
Fine.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Why can you not even match your teams to the level of mine?
Seems like I only play with pro players
This is discouraging
Brazilian Portuguese: This happens direct and it seems to be done on purpose
Yes, please.
I can't seem to play
I play every day, I'm a loyal player.
But it happens right away, that’s not normal.
Opponents with bugged gameplay, exploiting game flaws
Doing from 2 to 3 touches on the ball and score the goal
High level players, and I'm not
Not obliged
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
Name-M
I'm having a problem with the PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the steering wheel
And if I remove the assistance during the race I can't steer the car with the steering wheel
he just goes straight ahead even if he turns to one of the sides
Brazilian Portuguese: with the command the car turns around beautifully
not sure if I might be confusing because I have both devices connected (wheel and controller)
Yes
be fast
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In PRS-ORG I was playing in PRS-ORG and agr I am in the PRS-ORG series x and throughout the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account from that of PRS-ORG and I signed up for my PRS-ORG account, but with the launching of ALPHANUMERICID's web app I began the game thinking it would be with my PRS-ORG account and I continued playing, doing dme, opening packs and earning coins.
However, with the release of the ALPHANUMERICID pre-release from PRS-ORG I noticed when I logged into PRS-ORG that I was playing on PRS-ORG and that I can no longer access the console.
wanted some help with that
ent all my progress in those days I'm not having access
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG for PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am experiencing a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In PRS-ORG I was playing in PRS-ORG and am still in the PRS-ORG series x and over the year I had already dissociated my PRS-ORG account with that of PRS-ORG and logged into my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID web app I started playing thinking I was in my PRS-ORG account and kept playing, farming, opening packs, and earning coins.
However, with the launch of the PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERICID preview when I logged onto the PRS-ORG I realized that I was playing on the PRS-ORG and I no longer have access to that console.
wanted a help with this
I haven't had access to all of my progress on those days.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you state your name, please?
Do you prefer in Portuguese or in English?
I acquired PRS-ORG pro.
It's my 3rd consecutive year playing PRS-ORG.
The game will not start.
There seems to be some problem with the PRS-ORG anti cheat
I have already installed the game again 3 times, and also executed as administrator
Nothing seems to be resolving
Thank you.
I already tried to do a manual anti cheat installation and it failed
Okay then I'll wait
Thanks for your time.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Hello NAME-M, good evening!
i was making a purchase of PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and the game was coming up for 303 reais in the ultimate version
however was trying to buy and did not go and then there came a time that it began to give an error saying that there were many attempts at purchase
I went to try again now because he asked to wait a while to buy again
Brazilian Portuguese: and the price rose up to 341
I would buy it at that price, but I have R$305.00 joining what I have on pix, and the remaining in PRS-ORG wallet
hmm, I understand... So, you wouldn't be able to help me in this case?
So,
exactly that
I tried to buy it in various ways but it kept failing
ai waited the time
and the price was no longer standing
it was 40 reais more expensive.
now I do not have the money to purchase it
I signed up to your program for 20 reals and have been playing for 20 hours
but it's ending
i can no longer buy because the price went up kkk
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
good afternoon, NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on the 25/09 from PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I went to play, I had a problem with the PRS-ORG.
I did manage to resolve the problem but I have been trying for nearly 24 hours now to open PRS-ORG but it opens in a small black box window and then closes down immediately.
How can you help me?
do you know if there's anything I can do?
Do you have any predictions when it will be ready?
I understand.
thank you for your help PRS-ORG
I will be waiting for a game update
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, please could you tell me your name?
Hello NAME-N, how are you?
I am NAME-M.
Right, I was playing normally yesterday!
During a game the game froze and the game closed... since then I can not find opponents anymore
I've spoken to some of my colleagues and they said that they were finding the opponents with no problem.
Ok, thanks a lot!!
no opponent was found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears
Oh yes, thank you so much!!!
Helped a lot I just accomplished the required
I will try to find an opponent.
The same error appeared
Relax, if there is something else I can do
I appreciate the willingness.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
First off, may I get your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
It was attempting to resolve the PHONENUMBER issue.
I just talked to NAME-M and even after clearing PRS-ORG cache, checking the internet and restarting the computer, the problem persists
When attempting to enter the PRS-ORG, the following message appears:
Sorry, but a connection error occurred to the PRS-ORG.
You will be redirected to the main menu of PRS-ORG.
Only that, which I mentioned above.
And when I can get in the game, I move my team and that message comes up:
There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
ai I wanted to link to get the benefits of PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
i used to have a prs-org linked account
however recently I have been with someone else
Brazilian Portuguese: however, I can't link
Brazilian Portuguese: for it says that there is already one connected
Brazilian Portuguese: only that I had already dissociated for over 6 months which is the said term
EMAIL
OK, I THINK YOU'VE LINED THIS UP
however since I had already taken it out
How do I redeem again?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, could you please state your name?
Good day, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
Take a look if, by any chance, you can help me.
I have an account that I've been using for over 5 years, and I've accumulated a lot of points and XP.
My girlfriend set up this account as a present for me so that I could use the edition of PRS-ORG.
I would like to know if it is possible to unify both accounts.
But is there no way to merge the two accounts?
Why would I use just one?
There is this account that I always use.
Brazilian Portuguese: And this account was created yesterday.
It would only take to unify the account
If the PRS-ORG is to be put into my account all okay
Everything okay
The progress of the PRS-ORG, which you refer to?
I don't mind.
Okay can I start a new game
I understand.
I appreciate it anyway.
Have a good day.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Equally
I rent a server on PRS-ORG PRS-ORG for 29.50 every week, today I was going to extend the rental and the "order and pay" screen was in the "loading" screen and the game froze, not PRS-ORG.
The amount was charged to my account, however the subscription was not extended.
The server rental didn't come up, it's already expired, can you help me, please?
EMAIL
Thank you, I’m waiting.
Hi sorry I have already been in touch with PRS-ORG and they have told me to talk to you, besides which I can see that you have servers online
Pagos*
A few paid servers are online right now
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG does not want to take responsibility as it states that you received the purchase value and confirmed the same
Recalling that ALL THE STEPS AND DOCUMENTS HAVE BEEN SENT CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
Good day, once again I am asking for you to validate my account.
The return time offered by you is already experienced 2 days and I am still waiting for you politely.
However, I have money to withdraw and I am not able to play games, I would like a little attention and speed in resolving the case.
Sincerely,
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I hope that helps as lately I have not had this from vcs, unfortunately.
I hope you will be different!
Thank you NAME-M.
However, the deadline has already expired and I would appreciate your attention!
Everything was properly sent and in due time.
I understand the security rules and I agree with them but I am being affected by this matter.
Thank you, but I've already received these messages from you this week.
I keep on waiting.
Thank you.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hi good evening, how are you doing?
I am trying to open the PRS-ORG game but it does not start on my computer and I get an error:
Check your connection, then try again later
but it is connected
and my pc has all minimum requirements
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: it is a pc version bound to the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M
To begin with, can you please provide your name?
My name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, I'm ok.
Thanks, I have the PRS-ORG that gives me access to the PRS-ORG library.
Sure thing?
I am playing through PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG.
I'd like to know how to play the PRS-ORG, since I can't find it in the PRS-ORG catalog.
I access PRS-ORG’s games via the PRS-ORG website.
But, I can't find ALPHANUMERICID there
A friend of mine said that I can play PRS-ORG since I have PRS-ORG.
But, is this just for people who have the console, or can I play via PRS-ORG, via the browser (PRS-ORG)?
I'll try to simplify: I am a PRS-ORG subscriber.
Do I need to have a PRS-ORG console in order to play PRS-ORG games?
Or I can play through PRS-ORG, using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I ask your name please?
Oi NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I'm talking with PRS-ORG
He asked me to attach an image to the case, but I think I ended up opening a new
Brazilian Portuguese: Opa, so the problem is being seen already
Then I think if I give it out again it’s going to cause confusion.
I will end the chat here
For the time being, no, thanks a lot.
Brazilian Portuguese: the conquest PRS-ORG n libera
The PRS-ORG acquisition does not liberate.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please state your name?
For the love of god, release my conquest I've been playing for 91 hours and the game is bugged
I will cry, sir.
even though I do the requirements
Brazilian Portuguese: to com 91 hours of play
Brazilian Portuguese: please help me
kkkk
Portuguese (Brazilian): Ola
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you indicate your name, please?
I would like to know if in the new update of PRS-ORG the problem of running in safe mode only has been solved
In Brazilian Portuguese: in the PRS-ORG
no
was
to solve it i had to re-install the PRS-ORG
but I want to get back to the PRS-ORG and for that I need to know if the problem has been resolved with the new update
but was the problem the correct security mode?
I'm saying this because I'll need to format my PC and I need you to confirm this for me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
wagner
I spent a resource in PRS-ORG but can not use it
I spent 20 stars moments
in a token
Brazilian Portuguese: but there is no way to exchange
and the game doesn’t tell you anything about that
wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, may I ask your name, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you!
I'm having problems playing The PRS-ORG
I have the 64-bit Metal version for MacOS
The game works amazingly well on the computer, even with the graphics on maximum settings.
But the game ends all of a sudden
Without showing error or anything like that
Simply closes it
Look, that really is all the information we've got.
The game during run only closes without anything after it.
The game works well.
It only closes during matches.
Brazilian Portuguese: Sometimes he closes 10 minutes after playing, sometimes 1h later.
There is no rule.
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
Just that today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Could you start by telling me your name please?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I am having trouble starting the game.
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile the screen turns black and closes
I can log in yes
I meant the profile within the game.
EMAIL
I'll try this method
If it does not work I will come back here!
But, thank you very much
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-M
I am having problems with the connection to the servers.
I am connected to PRS-ORG's servers.
It's asking for me to reset the password and I've done that
And it does not accept connecting
No.
The issue is the connection to the PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG game
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I’m fine, how about you?
The pleasure is mine.
So, my PRS-ORG updated normally on the 14th if I'm not mistaken, when they released the babies in the game.
The items for them show up there, but in the CAS, this stage doesn't count.
The babies usually show up, the child, etc.
That, the stage of life itself does not appear.
I tried to reinstall the game, but it still says that PRS-ORG Stage doesn't exist.
As attached in the image.
I understood!
Thank you for clarifying!
That was all, thanks!
Have a good afternoon.
Thank you, take care NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide me your name?
NAME-M
can you see my previous conversations with other advisors of PRS-ORG?
it helped a lot...
right
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F I tried one where I had to install the PRS-ORG
another one was to clean the cache
the other was to either run or take off in administrator mode
another had to do with background applications
NAME-F I've been having this problem for 3/4 days.
hello?
Take it in the ass, I lost because of this shitty server, be ashamed greedy company is to buy a better server, bunch of whore.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I know your name please?
I lost game because of server garbage, it took long to execute command
son of a bitch
If you can't stand to hear a swear word, you're in the wrong industry
and you'll take it in the arse
Go out for drinks.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please can you tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot??
I purchased PRS-ORG today and when I was trying to play it forced me to connect an account, create or just log in to an existing one
the issue is I can't connect and create
and I'd really like to play.
NAME-M sure, it’s good to know you’re human
Very pleased to meet you, NAME-M!!!
This
I can't connect the online
as much as the game is old, is it possible?
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I made a 90+ idol save and lately I went to open it on the console and it's not there
Brazilian Portuguese: eventually only appears in the companion app
I have restarted the console and everything works
Brazilian Portuguese: I went to check right now and it came back
Brazilian Portuguese: It was neither restart nor appeared out of nowhere, it had already created a problem earlier
NAME-M: I think they fixed it.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help. My name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I need to know if there is a fix already planned for the PRS-ORG mode in some way.
It's simple: friendlies just stopped working.
When you try to play a friendly game, it presents an error saying that your opponent abandoned the game.
It's been going on since 12/05.
Brazilian Portuguese: URL
In this link you can see the mistake.
Detail, this is on a global scale (since this video is not Brazilian), but it's exactly the same mistake.
And it’s happening on every platform.
In short, yes.
PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, just that.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Name-M
I am well and how are you?
This, I am not yet able to do.
I understood, however, that I have to wait
i would like to know if in the meantime, you can't help me open in the web app
in order to at least already have something to do
Oh yeah
My doubt is
I can only access the Webapp after I have opened the game at least 1 time
As the game is not opening due to the error in Anti Cheat
how do I enable this so that I can open the webapp before the game fix this issue?
no, thank you
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
I have an account with PRS-TXT and am not able to log in.
That's right.
It says the following: "Your credentials are incorrect or have expired.
Try again or reset your password."
When I click on reset password, I get the message: "Unable to locate your PRS-ORG account."
But I am trying to logon via PRS-ORG program
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, please could you indicate your name?
I bought the Star pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points yesterday, but so far it has not been released in my account, but my PRS-ORG points were credited
I want to know what you are going to do about it.
Why can’t I be cheated like this?
But I do not want refund of the PRS-ORG points
I only want the pass released
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help. My name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having a problem with the draft for one player, I played two games and then I could not start the third one.
The following error appears: There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Please try again later.
Would you kindly restart my draft manually if possible?
I've been with this error for 3 days already
Can I manually reset my draft?
i think that is the only way to solve my problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide your name?
good night friend
I haven't played for a while.
Brazilian Portuguese: always when it ends a match it gives an error
I have called for assistance here 2 times and they didn’t resolve my problem
the PRS-ORG servers cannot process your request at this time
from this mistake to there
Brazilian Portuguese: always after the game it feels like I’m paid off and I lost by 3x0
I wanted to play
kkk
Brazilian Portuguese: more blz
you have to take the deal off of soft ban at the token swap event since the match ends with the one who scores the first goal
Translation in English: it was just that
thanks
send some tokens for the trouble
of that strength haha
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I ask your name?
NAME-M
I am experiencing issues, I got in contact earlier today to try and resolve it, they gave me a few options and I was not able to solve it
Brazilian Portuguese: and the situation got worse.
I need help.
I am not able to play PRS-ORG PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: 23
cautionary note
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: the first mistake
It is the app of PRS-ORG.
Brazilian Portuguese: the application couldn't connect to the servers
NAME-M the PRS-ORG normally
Brazilian Portuguese: The PRS-ORG is able to connect to the servers
but when I go to try to play a game of either PRS-ORG mode it disconnects and exits the mode
Will NAME-M be open?
I have the chat on my PC where I play
Good evening,
I bought a book in the PRS-ORG store and, after starting to read, I realized that the book was in PT-BR and not PT-PT, which was the one I wanted.
Unfortunately in your store there is no differentiation, but when reading it does make a difference.
The book was "Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice" by NAME-F & NAME-F and I want a refund or a Portuguese book instead.
I look forward to the contact from your side.
Yours Sincerely,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
By the way, is there any option that allows to check if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
The suggestion remains for your improvement!
Thanks for your help
Good day
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi
I have a question about rollover.
What appears on the cashout tab and what I was advised via my email is the casino rollover.
However I took the sports promotion and I only bet on sports up until now
Can you see it?
Ah, right.
I am asking this because I would like to go ahead with a withdrawal.
If I really hit the rollover, can I do it now?
Thank you so much
I’m waiting for the email
Only this
Good morning.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, would you like to tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and I didn't receive the PRS-ORG points
When syncing your PRS-ORG with your PRS-ORG Account
I opened the web app and there's nothing there.
Minutes
In the other versions he came before
Pardon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Thawan
It's a pleasure.
I don't know if I'm in the right channel but I have a doubt.
I've been playing the PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today it launched the futweb app.
When trying to enter in futweb, it says that my account has no team in PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG, but how can my account not have a team if I've been playing in PRS-ORG?
Why can’t I access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that
Now everything becomes better explained.
That’s it, NAME-M.
Thanks a lot for the information and help.
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you state your name, please?
I’m unable to log in to my PRS-ORG account even after changing the password
EMAIL
I received it. And now?
And now?
** Brazilian Portuguese:
The code is 535067
okay
Reset your password
OK, I'll do it now.
gives the same error
Now it's time.
With the right username
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, may I ask your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having a problem with playing my game on the PC, and I have been unable to solve it for almost a week now.
I would like a refund if I can't play
I bought the game and when I try to open, it says my pc has some cheat.
Considering that my computer is new
And I don't use that kind of thing
I want a solution or a refund
Correto
I purchased more and cannot start my game
Make an error 117
I would like to know if I'm going to be able to play, if not solve and better the refund.
Because I paid dearly in the game
But I don't even have the cache of the game because I bought it and can't even start it.
I have already tried that procedure
How do I prevent this from happening?
Why have I tried in so many ways
Good morning
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
I can not access my companion app because it asks for verification by email and the email does not arrive in my inbox.
I already checked the spam box and nothing
I asked to have it resent several times and it never arrives
The app verification option isn't working either
Even in the PRS-ORG's own account of the website, I can't access it
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, would you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I logged into my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends, but the game is not available to play.
It shows how if I had to buy again
But I already bought him, back in 2015
The value R$ 199,00 appears
That's right
Is there nothing that I can do other than wait?
NAME-M, thank you for your help.
I'll try to start by the .exe file and wait for the problem to be solved.
There's no other, it was just that one.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you introduce yourself please?
Hello NAME-M. Good evening.
Everything okay?
My name is NAME-M
It was nothing.
The pleasure is mine.
So a few years ago I was gifted the SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition on CD.
The edition with the 2 CDs, I am currently trying to install the same one in my new notebook, but I can't because it is not compatible with the PRS-ORG, it doesn't start through the CD.
I tried to add to my library on PRS-ORG but it said the code is invalid
I would like to recover it to at least make its installation through PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, since it no longer has compatibility via CD
Yes, I still have the 2 original discs and the license code from them
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First of all, can you indicate your name, please?
I can't buy anything on the transfer market on the web app
Brazilian Portuguese: The message appears:
An error occurred while trying to complete the search.
Please try again in a few seconds.
No, only when attempting to buy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
hello
I have a problem with PRS-ORG
Portuguese: the game opens the PRS-ORG, opens the PRS-ORG launcher
I click play.
and nothing happens
literally nothing
already entered previously into contact and they told me to follow some steps
I did everything, but the result is the same.
EMAIL
thanks
Before, a dll error appeared with the ALPHANUMERICID code
I downloaded the dll I needed and put it in place
there were no errors from then
however, the game also never starts
if not solved I will contact again, thanks in advance
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-N.
First, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My promotion objectives PRS-ORG is not updated in the Game
This is harming me in completing the entire track and getting the rewards
The promotion had its cards updated yesterday
The objects did not come out yesterday.
Some friends saw the objectives unlocked today at 11:30 horario Br.
And mine hasn't updated
Therefore, I can't complete the track.
Ok
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERICID
This is happening.
Why are the objectives not available
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Can you start by telling me your name please?
Hello!
My name is NAME-M, good night.
I need help please
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG game in PRS-ORG.
I can't get on LINE no matter what.
There's a qr code asking to reset the PRS-ORG account password, even doing that, it doesn't work.
Absolutely.
EMAIL
I would like to report that I can not download any game from the PRS-ORG.
It automatically pauses and an error appears
No.
With PRS-ORG App and PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
He stops the progress of the download and takes a while to return.
I would like to know what I should do to fix this problem.
I want to play PRS-ORG games on my computer
I have already done this procedure and it didn't work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Can you start by telling me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon,
My name is NAME-F
Thanks :)
So, I have 3 dlc cds to the PRS-ORG and the base game, it's quite old and it was bought in USA.
I tried to install it some months ago, but it didn't work and said it needed an update, but I never found this update online.
I was thinking about trying to find the game to buy online somewhere, but I realized the PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore, is there any way to buy it some other way?
In this computer that I'm on now, I don't have a CD reader so I can't start the installation so I can't show you print of what happens :(.
But if necessary, I can send a photo of the CDs.
Wow, but it's such a sought after game, that's sad :(
All right, thank you for answering
Have a good night :)
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I ask your name please?
Name-M
My game won’t open.
I did the step-by-step that the boy sent me
But it does not work
Do you want to access my PC via Team Viewer?
I can't take it anymore, I have tried everything
Almost asking for a refund but I wanted to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
He opens everything in black and closes it.
But my PRS-ORG does not freeze
Only the game which can't be opened.
Do you want to access by team viewer?
It might be something missing in the PC or it does not let it open
However, I've done lots of things, but it never solves the problem.
hello
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I please have your name?
I am not able to buy the PRS-ORG
there's an error
I am not able to buy PRS-ORG
Unable to process your action.
Your request could not be processed at this time because of a problem with the payment method you entered.
Please use a different payment method to complete your order, or try again later
Hello.
I can only pay via pix
I accessed*
Good afternoon, is the platform unstable?
I am trying to use it and no casino games open, it stays in a black screen, I accessed another platform and it worked fine
I am trying to use the platform and no games open.
Already cleaned data and cash and nothing
I restarted my phone and it won't work
I have never had a problem operating the amulet
Do you know of any instability in the system of your company?
Just that
Thanks.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you give me your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello, now very badly, I made the pre-purchase of PRS-ORG, and only saw now that it was in my wrong PRS-ORG account.
I bought on EMAIL
the one I was using in PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG was in EMAIL
I was even using the web app
I was using it on PRS-ORG, but I bought it this time directly on PRS-ORG
that was associated with the PRS-ORG account
I'm very sad
This is why it did not appear
I have been using the (EMAIL) account as my primary since 2020
I’m already using the web app PRS-ORG on it and everything
But how does the refund show on my card?
Brazilian Portuguese: You can cancel it then.
I do not know if I will be able to play at launch after the refund
very sad
only*
Thank you
Good afternoon.
Saque
Dear customer, that is disrespectful with the customer, I first requested to withdraw 1,000 reals before 200 reals, and the 200 reals came before the 1,000 reals.
I have talked since the morning and the recourse did not work
Since this morning and this is why I am stopping from playing here, PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay on time.
Sad
I like the site and the platform but, every time we win it is an interminable delay.
Pix today is too fast
I am in a compromise and have been waiting to resolve since the morning
Waiting for this benefit to come through, which is mine, I’ve lost sleep and invested my money.
It’s in English, my friend.
My God.
I don’t believe it
That's why I'm stopping
I'll receive and talk with people on the channel about it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help to refund a repeating purchase that I made, and it’s already in my card...
Could you please help me?
Yes!
My email is EMAIL
Just a minute, I'll look up the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I remember correctly.
Check digit: 635822
I made two purchases and I wanted to cancel only one of them, if possible... as the game is already being downloaded.
Thank you very much!
That was exactly what I wanted to fix.
Thank you in advance!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I know your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and I have been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a campaign of 41% complete, but my wife started playing another game and to not disturb her, I resolved to install the same game using the same account on the PC, but my saved game is not showing, even though I’m using the exact same user.
What am I doing wrong?
So even using the same account, I can not enjoy the save?
Do I need to start from scratch?
But we don’t use a cloud save?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope it improves, because it would be very useful for us players.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I am writing a text with my case.
So, I have been playing PRS-ORG for a few years, but I have never played online, I bought PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG and decided to play PRS-ORG, these days I was trying to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and I realized that I didn’t have access and was not aware of the email and password for my PRS-ORG account
I have access to my PRS-ORG email and password
The account which I am talking about is right here, I managed to access it with the PRS-ORG
But I'm afraid of losing it because I don't know the email of the PRS-ORG account
This is also why I can't link the account to PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I updated the app in my PRS-ORG, but I am unable to access my account on PRS-ORG.
Could you help me, please?
EMAIL
I was using the PRS-ORG reads from the Cultura bookstore
because thats it.. im gonna try again but it says invalid password
Brazilian Portuguese: now it seems it was.
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
For a start could you give me your name please?
good night.
My name is NAME-M
I have the ultimate version of Bf 2042, my reward from the 3.3 update is not in the game
more or less
My reward is missing.
not
it is the reward of the 3.3 update.
The one in March
Brazilian Portuguese: March 8 to be exact
thank you, girl
Have any forecasts?
Brazilian Portuguese: Não
a good night for you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have a question, I played PRS-ORG, but now I am considering buying the game for PC.
my question is,
Brazilian Portuguese: and the 23
Portuguese (Brazil): i would like to know if i am required to purchase x23 for the prs-org or for the pc
Brazilian Portuguese: I keep my PRS-ORG things
okay thank you
I'm waiting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Can I play with my PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG?
That’s not it
I would like to use the PRS-ORG account I have at PRS-ORG.
on another device using PRS-ORG
ok but please respond to the previous question
ok shitty clown
excuse me
fooled myself
I need nothing else, thank you
Portuguese (Brazil): good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Could you start by telling me your name please?
Hello, I just got in touch.
There I went to the PRS-ORG and they told me to come back again
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: if you want I can repeat the messages
Hi there, I just got in touch.
I went to the PRS-ORG and they told me to come back again
I just want to resubmit the request that was canceled without even trying to charge my Nubank card
And I’m just trying this here, because somehow, right after I tried to buy again, the store charged me R$ 166 when the price was R$ 149... at the same time!
I want to keep the price and pay, either by pix, by debit card, whatever you prefer
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Is everything ALPHANUMERICID?
I am conducting a new update of PRS-ORG in my PC
However, it finishes, it seems that the update has ended and then it appears to update again
Before I started the chat, I added 03 prints of my screen, I do not know if you can view
That is correct
Even after carried out, it asks again and does not open the game.
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled the game, but without success.
Okay, thank you for your help.
How do I do this cleaning?
I am already doing, one minute.
It worked!!!
Thank you so much!!
I didn't know how to clear the cache of the app.
:NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please introduce yourself?
I want a phone number to call and talk to someone
What they do with my account has no explanation.
Brazilian Portuguese: Game after game played against the handicap
and the gross PRS-ORG script
This is inadmissible. Completely inadmissible.
this number is working,
It says you are not available
They had given me that number before, and it never works
Can you resolve this?
Brazilian Portuguese: it's absurd
It is disgusting to play this game right now at this moment, it’s impossible
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello my name is NAME-M
Yes, look.
I have reached the club creation limit on PRS-ORG and I would like to know if you can give me more attempts to delete my club.
I had spoken to a consultant before.
My account for gaming is:
EMAIL
Thanks a lot!
That was the problem.
Thank you very much.
I bought Alicerce do Paraíso books, downloaded the application, opened the book on Sunday, today morning I entered the application but the content of the books wasn’t available, I updated the application and now it informs that my email couldn’t be found.
I request the immediate regularisation or refund of my payment.
Please respond to me in this email
EMAIL
Purchased 07.03 and 4 books Alicerce do Paraiso
Thank you NAME-M, pra vc tbem
I was talking with the NAME-M and it fell
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I am from PRS-ORG and am not able to get into PRS-ORG
Every time at this same hour the servers for PRS-ORG goes offline.
End of PRS-ORG and the servers can’t support the users, you must put a server more in Brazil urgently
I am not able to log into PRS-ORG
It has been reported that the server is dealing with a high volume of people
Deplorable.
I'm the consumer and I'm frustrated and hesitant to play the PRS-ORG.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you give me your name please?
Hello, I was chatting with one of the operators and I lost contact
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to ask for a refund of the PRS-ORG expansion
My e-mail is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it because I needed the money to pay for other things
Hello?
Yes
I do have
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, please state your name.
NAME-M
My expansions I bought are not working
Some unlocked items disappeared
EMAIL
Target detector
Weapon unlocked
Really disappointing
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
You don’t have one?
Purchases made by the user?
Will I have to prove that I bought it?
If I have already played
Which images do I send
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: the game saver from ALPHANUMERICID is not working
I did the entire procedure sent by you yesterday and the error still persists
Whenever I open the game, it's like I'm playing for the first time.
Brazilian Portuguese: yes but also loses the control settings
The choice of the club
everything
Brazilian Portuguese: including progress
stopped at the end of December to do everything to fix this problem but unsuccessfully
I've formatted the PC and installed it from scratch and it did not solve the problem.
I checked and it seems to be a problem affecting a lot of people
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please tell me your name?
Hi, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password
EMAIL
I see how long you can put it off.
Can I know if your parents are dead?
His mother is a bitch and gave birth to something like you
you should go to ukraine to catch the russian bomb, fuck your mother
bitch talk
I asked if her mom died and how she gave birth to something like you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please state your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account, the site fails and I can't.
how to solve this
Yes, every time I try the website it says there was an error and I can't access it
I push the button to connect to the PRS-ORG account and when I am redirected to the website it says an error has occurred and that they were unable to complete my request.
Brazilian Portuguese: it is still here
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
this is the gamertag of the account I want to access
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you introduce yourself, please?
NAME-M
Portuguese: good morning
i have problems
I bought Aston Martin Pack (PRS-ORG)
and the product does not show to use in app
in the game
On 15/09/2022
when I enter the package as if I was acquiring it again it says that the package is already yours
I can't even use it more
okay
I will try these tips.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Hi, how are you doing?
Would you like help on the PRS-ORG’s dme
I started doing the dme but it asks for cards that are out of packs and extinct in the market
I have already made 13 parts of the dme and now I can not do the rest
I don’t think it is fair to the players to keep a so expensive dm that it is impossible to make
I would like to welcome the players back or those who are missing, in this case the PRS-ORG captains
The Casting Crew Assembling Challenge.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Hi!
my name is NAME-M
All the pleasure is mine!
Then, my problem is that I am not able to buy my PRS-ORG points
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the wallet from PRS-ORG
but i press to buy inside the game and the buy just doesn't happen
My money doesn't leave PRS-ORG, nor do PRS-ORG points appear
How did we solve this?
No error messages pop up, it simply asks me to wait and nothing happens
only comes back to store without any PRS-ORG points and with money left in PRS-ORG wallet
Ok, thank you very much!
I'll try and if it doesn't get resolved I'll be back here again
No, that's all!
thank you so much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my PRS-T3 mobile account
How to reverse this?
It is a little sad
Is it yours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
Good morning
My name is NAME-M
I'm having problems starting the PRS-ORG
My problem is that when I start PRS-ORG, my screen freezes and I cannot do anything else
I have to restart the PC.
I tried again and it stayed the same, I uninstalled the game and reinstalled it and nothing...
When I enter the PRS-ORG App and try to start the game my pc freezes
and I have to restart my pc by the botao
Nothing about the error shows up for me
Brazilian Portuguese: only my screen freezes
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
They hacked into my account and sold my players and coins
I just want my pf coins
I have already changed password and activated two-step authentication code, I just want the coins
Someone else has already helped me change my password and set up two-step verification
I only want the coins
I just want my coins/tokens back
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Could you start by telling me your name please?
I'm unable to play my Draft solo.
There are error every day now.
What is happening?
Several complaints from other users
NAME-M
EMAIL
Yes
my name is NAME-M
So, I'm playing PRS-ORG on my PC and here the game no longer opens
dps of the update this morning
Brazilian Portuguese: the game has stopped opening
It doesn't work in any way
I am being harmed in toty event, the PRS-ORG needs to take action about this
The game doesn’t open, I have been trying to enter the game since 13h
At night, everything was fine, working normally.
And the fact that I was not able to get into the game to play, farm packs, etc... is hurting me at the event
and I am not the only one going through this, a lot of people who play on PC are going through the same thing
Yes, before this anti-cheat issue I just resolved the problem by reinstalling the anti-cheat
But as of today, it can no longer be resolved
I tried everything, and the game won’t open
Brazilian Portuguese: it still always gives the same error
okay, thank you very much
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate me your name?
I would like to report an error.
Last night I was playing PRS-ORG and started in a PRS-ORG draft match
I won the game and it didn't count as a win.
I would like to know if there's any type of compensation/refund that's possible.
Ok, thank you
After that I played another match, which I lost.
And also didn’t count it as a defeat.
I believe that tejha has indeed found a bug
What are you saying?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
I am obligated, I have a code for a discount on the game
which I won when I answered a survey
but I can't redeem that code
which offered me R$29,00 discount.
that research was done in the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and the survey appeared
I answered everything and at the end I got that code
Portuguese: when I went to complete the purchase it gave an error and I couldn't finish it.
I can't use the code with this.
Here is the code that I won ALPHANUMERICID
that is the order number that returned the error PHONENUMBER
I was given this code last week
I did the order that gave an error on 01/19
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you give me your name, please?
Hello, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M
My name is*
So, today I was doing the dme pp from icon to dme at the prs-org and I ended up picking the wrong letter without meaning to.
I would like to know if you can help me.
Veio um blanc 89 kaka 89 was supposed to have caught the kaka and I ended up catching the blanc
PRS-ORG player select de icon
Right.
Putz... All right.
Not just that msm
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First, may you please tell me your name?
opa
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm having problems with the connection to my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG app on my pc, and when I finally get in it does not load my games, I can't open the PRS-ORG
thank you, i hope you're well too !
Yes, I'm unable to connect
okay okay, thanks a lot and good work!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you give me your name, please?
My name is Indiano Nojento
I cannot stand this game anymore
Where are you?
Answer, bastard
How do you manage to be so incompetent that you can’t type a fucking message from a script in less than 5 minutes?
Is basic education in India that bad?
You are going to take a bath there in the Motherfucking Ganges
Casino
An answer please.
I lost my real money and am gambling with bonus but it only lets me bet up to 25
Good afternoon, the bet limit is only up to 25 with the bonus which cannot increase.
See the msg q I sent
I was playing with bonus and you are letting me bet up to 25
Why is that
And how much do I have to bet to be able to withdraw?
Okay.
Any response?
Vc não resolve nada
How much do I have left to bet p
Release my withdrawal
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First off, can you please state your name?
PRS-ORG availability
Do not let the game download by giving it unavailable for purchase
Platform PRS-ORG
In PRS-ORG plus
I am trying to buy the game
It says I have no account at PRS-ORG while I do
It is giving unavailable
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name please?
My name is NAME-M
Devender, earlier in the game, the game crashed and after that I can't enter ultimate team
It seems there was an error and you will be returned to the main menu
Image is in the sent attachment
Save me please hahaha
Caramba, is it possible to correct this?
That's great!!
Do you think I'll be able to play again today?
Is there a forecast?
To return
That would be it, then.
Beauty then.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazillian Portuguese: opa
my granddaughter had gotten stuck.
In Brazilian Portuguese: when I go to manage my account, it asks for an email, when I go to check my email, it doesn't exist, I never put an email that starts with e
Brazilian Portuguese: therefore I can not confirm the email and change my account
Brazilian Portuguese: it's more or less like this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I ask for your name please?
I had already opened a support case regarding the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the non delivery of the material.
I did the prints you requested, and would like to know where to send them?
I have attached the TB file for you here...
I bought at the mall within the PRS-ORG
As per the image above the PRS-ORG account was in debit
When it comes to selling the game it's easy to solve...
I will be glad to help you solve problems...
It is one playing for the other
How to contact us?
How to contact PRS-ORG support
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Good morning NAME-N
I'm 5 days without access to the game PRS-ORG
NAME-N stays on the screen (connecting to the service )
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: codigo ALPHANUMERICID
connection error with server.
which
NAME-F an internet tech and everything is normal here
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG I uninstalled and reinstalled NAME-F the pc and it didn't help.
NAME-F I tried this step by step
if need be you can delete my game progress saved to start over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-M.
First, can you please give me your name?
Good evening my name is NAME-M
I'm okay, yes.
Look, I've got a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an email I don't have access to anymore
I can sign in on the PRS-ORG website with that account.
Brazilian Portuguese: But I would like to open an account in Companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, please can you give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, and how about you?
Thanks.
So, I am contacting you because I am having difficulty.
I own two consoles that share the same PRS-ORG account, but I would like to de-link one of the accounts and create a new PRS-ORG account for each console
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
After unlinking the PRS-ORG account from this console, will I be able to create a new account for it?
My gamertag on PRS-ORG is NAME-N
So you no longer have any ties with PRS-ORG?
Thank you, NAME-M, you have really helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, NAME-M
I am not getting online on my PRS-ORG 18 on the PRS-ORG
The following message appears: “We are sorry, but at the moment the servers are down.
We are trying to solve this problem.
Try again later.”
this has been happening for many days now
I mean, months
Impossible to believe it
It's been months already.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
thanks , I am fine yes , I linked my facebook account and did not receive the token in the game
and there's only 2 hours left to get that token
actually it was on youtube
I wrote wrong
I have linked via you tube and I didn’t receive a token.
EMAIL
the game account is the same as the youtube account
ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, may I know your name, please?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and still can't play it
Right after the opening screen, which says "press any button" I pressed it and it crashes.
it freezes and won't come off.
I keep trying to repair the game and trying again but it's not working
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, NAME-N.
BRAZILIAN PORTUGUESE: NAME-M, my name
I created an icon preference DME on 1/25, but I received a single pack of icons.
In PRS-ORG I noticed that some of you are already receiving the correct package, and I would like some information.
My email is EMAIL
Can you confirm?
Will they receive what?
The Pic Player?
What is the page of PRS-ORG which I can follow?
There's nothing there on that page
Only numerous complaints for the same reason
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
Name-M
I am fine, thank God, and how about you, NAME-N?
My game does not load, and an error message keeps showing up.
I've already uninstalled and installed it 2 times.
Brazilian Portuguese: And it still persists
Unknown error. An unexpected error occurred.
Try again.
This message appears in the login screen
Okay
All good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
Good day
I would like to try to recover an old PRS-ORG account
Brazilian Portuguese: of which I no longer have access to the email
I used to have the following email: EMAIL
However, some time ago I changed the domain to EMAIL
And everything that was linked to it did not reach the new domain.
One replaced the other
The email address registered was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please give your name?
NAME-M
I am having a problem to get into the game
I even manage to connect to the PRS-ORG website, but I can't sign in to the game
Says that my e-mail is invalid
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give your name?
Good day 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing by itself in the middle of matches, I have already deleted the game and installed it again and the problem continues.
I can't play PRS-ORG
I have lost some 5 matches on the PRS-ORG with this problem.
Nothing shows up on the screen and the game just closes.
Brazilian Portuguese: Sometimes the game freezes and closes alone, and sometimes it closes for no reason
I already deleted the game and installed again, I also restarted my PRS-ORG you will be X of the factory pq I thought it was the video game, but only PRS-ORG that is closing in this way
Especially games from PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Opa
So, I want to know how to uninstall my packs.
So:
But I cannot keep the PRS-ORG anymore
Only PRS-ORG app
I just have the PRS-ORG APP
I can not access the book purchased on 01/21.
I have already created the account, but it is not possible to finish the process; the system doesn't accept the passwords.
I kindly ask for guidance for the cancellation, since I couldn't do this through the website.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 14/01/2021
The divine code of life
Please the refund
Please
How can I do this without going through the website?
I paid by credit card.
If I do not receive the email, how should I proceed?
Is there an email address I can report to?
Okay, I am waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
They just invaded my account, I contacted you I was robbed, I lost my team my coins and still the PRS-ORG sent a message saying that I'm giving out coins, can only be messing with me
Not much, since if I distribute coins it'll block all the accounts that bought from my account?
At least everything that was listed tonight
How would I know that?
Yes
Coins
Players
I played 1 rivals match around 19:00
Okay.
I will get in touch tomorrow.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you indicate your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N my name
I requested on the 2nd PRS-ORG reimbursement but it has not been updated, nor has an email confirming the same been received
nothing of the sort
this is request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any feedback?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, would you like to give me your name please?
NAME-M
my PRS-ORG App is not updating in the speed that the internet makes available.
Brazilian Portuguese: very much below normal
Brazilian Portuguese: in this case the problem is to update the game via the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
My PRS-ORG prime gamer package I can not receive
My name is NAME-M
About ultimete tem package from primegamer
Every month, one is available for linked accounts
This month I did not receive
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND CAN’T #PRS_ORG# ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
NEUROSCIENCE OF HAPPINESS
I NEVER BOUGHT, IT WAS MY FIRST E-BOOK
MY FIRST
PURCHASE
Zip code?
WHAT POSTCODE?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: CEP #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: WHERE IS THE REGION OUN?
#PRS_ORG#
I DO NOT HAVE CERTAINTY OF THE EMAIL.
Which I used in the #PRS_ORG# account..
I got access to the #PRS_ORG# account
however on the right side , after clicking on the login button I didn't find the link of #PRS_ORG#
I don’t find the purchased book
Hello #NAME#.
I was talking with your colleague
#EMAIL#
around day 05/01
That was the only purchase I made, and I bought it from #PRS_ORG#.
A msg appears to confirm that the book has been synchronised with #PRS_ORG#
I went to access that app and there is nothing there
vc who knows.
The person said that he was going to send a book to my account and it was for me to tell him which book
okay
how do I do it?
I bought the e-book #PRS_ORG# on the website of #PRS_ORG# which recognizes the payment on 28/12/20 but it was not made available on my account #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
The purchase was done on 12/28.
Before that, the last book that I purchased was O Reacionário by #NAME#
28/12/#NUMBER#, but the book is not added to my library.
Sure thing.
#PRS_ORG#
It's right.
On my reader or on the computer, I did not understand the question.
Yes, just a moment.
okay, i am now sending the attachment.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check it out.
Okay!
I received it, thank you.
No, I'm all good.
Yes I will.
I am not able to open my book.
#EMAIL#
Jesus is the inspiration of the luminous relationships.
He is in the ebook, but when he clicked on it, it does not open and it keeps giving an error.
That
He doesn't stop spinning and then closes and right after he becomes orange.
Brazilian Portuguese: No
#PRS_ORG#
No
I don't
Excuse me, that is another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I don't see him anymore.
And now?
Does not appear
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I did.
Yes
It's downloading
Now it's done, thank you
Not thank you for solving the problem.
Good day, I am constantly having problems accessing my account in #PRS_ORG#!
I entered my username and password correctly, but the following message appears: “We didn't find an account with this email or password.
Check that you typed the code correctly."
OK
#EMAIL#
I think it was the #PRS_ORG# book
That
ok, I am waiting
In the #PRS_ORG# software, installed in my desktop(notebook), I enter the login and password and the message appears: "We did not find an account with that email address or password.
Please check if you have typed it correctly."
The login and the password I had used before and I was able to access the account!
So, what procedure should we adopt to correct the problem?
Yesterday night, I accessed it directly via #PRS_ORG# and managed to access it. Today, I tried again and I couldn't!
I accessed through # PRS_ORG# yesterday and now I can't!
What's going on?
a moment that I will try
ok, I did it.
thank you
Okay, all is well!
Thank you.
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
EXMOS.
SRS.,
I have NEVER had a problem buying any books.
BUT NOW I CHANGE THE PREPAID VISA CARD AND THERE WAS AN ERROR.
WHAT COULD IT BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...FROM #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE: "Oops, an error occurred!
REVIEW YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE DATA IS CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE WITH #PRS_ORG# AND IT WORKED FINE
YES THIS IS ACTIVE AND HAS A BALANCE
I'M ON #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I opened the anonymous window and I am staying the same.
HE SAYS HE MADE A MISTAKE.
OK
Hello, I purchased five books at #PRS_ORG#, however, three of them do not appear in my account.
They tried to help me but it was not possible so they told me to come to you.
#EMAIL#
I made the purchase on January 20
But via #PRS_ORG#
It was not done through the #PRS_ORG# app
I'm doing that
They remain without showing up
I left
And now?
Hello
I am.
VOu log on
I entered with my Cultura account
The missing books did not show up.
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
It did not solve the problem
Yes.
Even the staff of Livraria accessed my account and attempted to manually include my books, but even so they were unable to do it
Okay
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER# request #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE MYSTERY OF #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
Those are the ones who did not get in
It worked!
It's already coming up here
Yes they appear
Thank you very much
Hello
I don't need anything else. Thanks.
Hello. Good afternoon.
The computer is no longer recognizing my #PRS_ORG#.
We've tested it on three different computers including different cables as well.
What could it be?
Thanks.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember..
Can you help me out without that date, even?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Oh, I didn’t get that.
It started about a month ago.
Mine is the #PRS_ORG#
Imagine.
Yes, it is, and it is also charging normally when connected to the cable
That
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am.
I'm sorry, I didn't quite get that.
Should I keep trying with the cable?
I've even done a reset, yet it still wasn't working
Is there any assistance I can go to?
Is this common?
Why? Because I have already tried with all the cables here at home and nothing
I also did the reset, and nothing happened.
Do you have any phone I can call?
Or some technical assistance?
Only online?
But it's that those instructions no longer work...I'd like someone to see my e-reader.
I'll keep trying, but it doesn't look like it's going to work "out of nowhere" again.
Okay.
Thank you then.
I'm going to see what I can do and anything I will get back to you...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
Some problem occurred and, at this moment, it is not possible to load this page.
Please try again later.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
An error has occurred, and this page cannot be loaded at the moment.
Please, try again later.
#EMAIL#
first purchase attempt yesterday and today
in #PRS_ORG# app in android 9, in #PRS_ORG# android 9
I also tried on Chrome on #PRS_ORG#.
portuguese: no
Transaction in progress...
he stays for a long time in this message
Brazilian Portuguese: and then give the error
Yes
it is taking a long time as well
I bought a 10€ card
I scraped the card's pin
okay, I edited it already.
I will try to buy it.
Portuguese (BR): ok it worked
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
have already done checkout
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: goodbye
it's just myself.
Good afternoon
I was talking to another operator and she disconnected the chat
#EMAIL#
I bought the book "coisas de Gabriel" in the bookstore #PRS_ORG# on 01/14
But does not appear here at #PRS_ORG#
Ok.
I'm waiting.
Ok
OK.
Thank you
I'm finding this strange because I bought 2 books in the same order.
A book and a physicist.
And they only sent me the NF of the physical, along with the physical book.
I logged into the culture site and the ebook is there in the request
And on cultuta's site does not appear the option to pick up the NF
the truth is that I used a gift card and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
This is the email I received from them
I’ll get in touch with them tomorrow.
Thanks!
That was it, in fact.
Excellent day to you too
Hello!
I need help to start reading on #PRS_ORG# reader.
I have already synchronized, I have already bought the first book (card approved) and I still cannot open the book.
#EMAIL#
Today, a few minutes ago.
A moment
#NAME#
I can see the book, but when I click on it, it sends a message that says to synchronize.
I have already done this several times.
Apparec synchronized ok
Then it asks to contact support.
What do you do?
Okay.
Done.
Now I will start again.
I need help with an ebook I bought that doesn't appear in my account
Good afternoon.
I bought an e-book yesterday on the #PRS_ORG# website
#EMAIL#
#NAME# settles its accounts.
The suppliers… bought from yesterday’s #PRS_ORG# site
in my e-reader on my mobile
I am with my obo account open in my smartphone and I still have not been re-synchronized
I am going to open the ereader
I am fixing
sure
The book appeared.
Thank you.
it was just that
good afternoon
Good afternoon,
I tried ordering 2 ebooks but when I advance to process the payment (after entering the card number) it gets stuck in processing and won't advance..
#EMAIL#
I have not yet made any purchases
I am trying to make a purchase but when I proceed to process the payment (after I enter my card number) it just goes into processing and doesn’t move forward..
website and application.
I've already tried them both.
It does not have any special characters.
Just trying to process payment and page just hangs.. Stuck in processing.
Yes.. it's the same
Yes
I'm doing it just the same.
Brazilian Portuguese: One minute please.
Right now, try to create a new account with a new email
Brazilian Portuguese: And they have stepped up to the 'review' stage
but when I press the “complete purchase” button, nothing happens
Yes
I already managed to get through this phase.
You have accepted the payment method but didn't complete the purchase
Brazilian Portuguese: no error message
When I press the button "complete purchase" nothing happens.
yes
I do not have #PRS_ORG#
but the site has already accepted the payment
Brazilian Portuguese: it just doesn’t advance in the last step
Ja consegui
I bought ebooks and now they won't open
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, but it was in #NUMBER#
Books are the pillars of heaven and the new times.
Not when I try to open back to the main menu
Smartphone
I think yes.
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Right
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I have already done that procedure several times.
Since the 3rd of February, I have been unable to complete the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# website.
When I click on finish purchase, I see: Ops, an error occurred!
Please review the payment information and try again.
I have already tried numerous times but it's been to no avail.
#EMAIL#
The last book I acquired was on February 2nd, Seasons of Callan Read
thank you
Ok.
just wanted to apologie, that the correct name of the book I listed above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I am making my purchase on the #PRS_ORG# website
I have already logged in
Sorry, but I do not know how to get out of incognito mode...
ok, I managed to open an anonymous window, thanks
So now should I click sign out?
Ok, I'll try, then
I keep failing to complete the purchase...
Oops! An error occurred.
Review the payment information and try again.
okay.
I continue not to manage...
okay
Okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: I'm still waiting for the page to load
Brazilian Portuguese: It still doesn't give...
ok
Also does not work
I usually use #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you for the help.
I'm waiting for that, then
Thank you and same to you!
Good evening,
I bought an ebook through the wrong account, and I would like to know if I can transfer it to the correct account, or receive a refund for the amount I paid for the book.
Thanks very much,
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (I’ve done log-in via #PRS_ORG#), the correct account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
However I wanted to put the ebook onto the email #EMAIL# as this is the one I use and which is associated with my ereader
Okay
So what do I have to do?
There was an error while processing your request.
request
In the site, through my computer
It says that there was no account associated with this email
I tried to use my email associated with the #PRS_ORG# account and the email that #PRS_ORG# has created for me
You cannot associate these accounts because they are both from the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Answer
Ja fiz
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you.
It's done!
Thank you very much.
Problem continues.
#EMAIL#
I don't recall...
It must be over 5 months old
It must be over 5 months
I don't remember...
The problem continues
#EMAIL#
In Italian?
Is this for real?
The ta...melhor
Rsrs
I can’t open my book through #PRS_ORG#, basis of Paradise volume 2
I have been helped by this channel, but unfortunately it didn't work
I was instructed in the following way:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
From the main screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap the three horizontal bars on the left.
Portuguese from Brazil: 2
Tap Help and Feedback at the bottom of the menu.
Brazilian Portuguese: 3
Tap Repair your account.
Portuguese: 4
Tap Repair.
I did this, but nothing...before that it was only one book
Now I am unable to open any book.
Yes
Cornerstone of Paradise volume 2
After I'm logged out of #PRS_ORG#, this home page that you're referring to and the mobile phone browser, correct?
#PRS_ORG#
That's
OK
Ok
I will do it.
Good day,
I can not access a book that I bought some time ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
#EMAIL#
GTD Fazer acontecere
I fooled myself that doing the right thing was #PRS_ORG#
I couldn't access.
I see the book and see it has a 34% reading but can’t open it
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
I am on a computer.
I don't see this option.
I'm not paying attention.
how to disable
Brazilian Portuguese: it is resolved
Thank you.
It's all.
Thanks
Hello,
I’m trying to download my purchased books from my account #PRS_ORG# to my device #PRS_ORG#.
I followed the steps on the website, but I cannot export the book to an EPUB version that lets me transfer it to #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do it?
Thanks a lot!
#EMAIL#
clearly
I'll check
The title was
At the time of the decision
I bought it using my smartphone.
this I know how to do
Brazilian Portuguese: The file appears on my computer, but I am unable to install it on the #PRS_ORG#
yes
I'm
I didn’t receive an error msg
The file format isn't recognized by #PRS_ORG#.
but it should, according to what it says on the website of #PRS_ORG#
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device.
from another brand
I can open in #PRS_ORG#
the #PRS_ORG# site states that, starting from #PRS_ORG#, I can convert to the EPUB format
do you know if there is another way to do this?
having
thank you
I purchased a book and it's not available to me.
nor in "my books" at my login
#EMAIL#
09/02/21
yellow dog
Brazilian Portuguese: de #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
they're the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem.
Brazilian Portuguese: The pgto was confirmed by them
Brazilian Portuguese: the same
I am arranging, please wait
i tried sending it to.
doc but is not accepted.
How can I send it to you?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Is it useful?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I am accessing.
wait
Enjoying it, I tried to download a free book "reason to kill" and had to go through the whole buying process.
Portuguese (Brazil): he is also not available
Brazilian Portuguese: fiz ontem ontem
Brazilian Portuguese: the problem repeats itself
says it's mine but not available
it worked.
I forgot to synchronize
Thanks.
we can end the chat
ok.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
how much time for delivery?
#EMAIL#
the thing you think
Portuguese (Brazil): is possible to cancel
how??
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: delivery takes a long time
it is possible to be faster delivery
I need this urgently.
Can you cancel?
I understand
Brazilian Portuguese: You can cancel
Thank you.
thank you, I don't need to do anything else
thank you
I can not visualize a title I bought on # PRS_ORG #
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: the challenging sale
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: the challenging sale
desktop
I will do.
Emerged.
Thank you very much!!
Just that.
Thank you so much
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and when reading a book I tried to use the dictionary function and it tells me that it hasn't found any definitions.
I’ve already tried it on 3 Portuguese language books and a single English language book.
I have already deinstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries, but it still does not work
#EMAIL#
Outlandar the trapped dragonfly in the amber bought today 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes
That's it.
Sync prompt.
Synchronize?
Only on device
Ok asked for an update
Should I update now?
I've already updated.
It is already functioning
Thank you so much
I bought an ebook but it's not in my list of ebooks
my email is #NAME#
I still don't have it.
I already see...
On the #PRS_ORG# computer
I don't know with the cell phone.
Sorry, but it's my first time buying one and boo
Ebook
ok
EStá bem
Ready
Yes, I've entered.
I went to my books
And it appears
I clicked on the same
I clicked twice on the cover and a page with the synopsis, and now?
The computer is not cooperating, I’ll try with my cell phone, sorry for the inconvenience.
I'll try and if I can't I'll bother you again, thanks for now
Equally!!!!
Good morning, is it possible to buy newspapers at the #PRS_ORG# store?
Hello #NAME#, is it possible to read my subscription from #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
I still haven't purchased any books.
wanted to use my #PRS_ORG# subscription
No harm done.
Could you answer my question?
Excuse me, did you read my question?
I didn't mention books.
I noticed that the #PRS_ORG# has a section for News and Mags but I don’t know how to access that section.
Thank you.
Yes, I can pass along the feedback because in this case I bought it specifically for that purpose.
Good afternoon,
I am not able to set up my #PRS_ORG#.
I have tried several times and it doesn’t give me an initial message
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Hello.
thank you.
#PRS_ORG#
no, what happens is that the screen does not exit this message (in the attachment), despite the pc application saying that the synchronization is finished
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I am unable to connect the #PRS_ORG# to the wifi, either.
No, it was offered to me by someone who didn't want it
certainly, thank you.
Yes, I have already downloaded the application.
made
Nothing has happened, it just stayed on the screen, I uploaded the photo.
English: what says "download the #PRS_ORG# desktop"
Yes
done
I'm going to try with another cable
It worked!
that was the problem
no, thank you very much!
Good afternoon.
I am in touch again.
I bought an e-book yesterday and I can not access it
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent the copy of the invoice
I need a return
I do not want a refund
I want the book
What is that?
I'm trying on the #PRS_ORG#
Sorry for the ignorance
By phone
They say it does not exist.
Look, I'm tired of this push and pull game, I ring there, they send you to speak to them, I talk here, they say that it's there
First and last purchase
I want a solution.
I don't want a refund
Good day, I want to buy the ebook but I can not log into #PRS_ORG# using the same password as #PRS_ORG#.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must be over a year already.
Portuguese (Brazil): oi
a moment
I am consulting.
See The Arrival of the Third Reich
ok.
Brazilian Portuguese: then
Yes, when choosing #PRS_ORG# you are not accepting the same password as the one #PRS_ORG# is using.
Do you understand?
I can't contact them.
doesn't respond to the phone contact
I have not found a chat like this
difficult
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
Brazilian Portuguese: better that.
I will wait for the email then?
combined, thanks
thank you
Good evening, I can no longer access the book that I was reading (purchased from #PRS_ORG#).
I think I made a call on my PC.
He was only at 10% of reading.
How can I solve this?
I think it is #EMAIL#
If not, it could be #EMAIL#
Thank you.
In #PRS_ORG#, I had access to the book and now, when I click, it says it is not possible to access
obrigada estou experimentando
I'm restarting.
It's fixed now!
If I want to share a book with my mom (as I would do with a physical book) could I do that?
Yes I know, I was asking, for comparison
I mean, would my mother be able to read a book I bought on #PRS_ORG# somehow?
or do you need to borrow my personal #PRS_ORG#?
In other words, is it possible to use my account on 2 #PRS_ORG# at the same time?
Perfect, thank you very much :)
Equally!
Thanks for the help!
I bought the ebook DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR on February 22, #NUMBER# , and up to this moment it hasn’t appeared on #PRS_ORG# for me to read it.
I purchased at #PRS_ORG# where it says it was sent to #PRS_ORG#.
I spoke with them by phone, they said that you are the ones who need to solve the problem.
#EMAIL#
The last purchase date is 22/02/#NUMBER#.
Title of ebook: UNCOVERING OUR HOME.
I’ll look it up now on my email, just a moment.
How do I send it to you?
Is just her number enough?
It is in PDF.
I’ll try a screenshot.
but send me an email.
OK.
I'll send it, it'll only take a minute.
I sent the invoice through e-mail.
It is in a pdf.
Okay.
Thank you for your attention!
Okay.
Correct.
I am now going to do it in the #PRS_ORG# app on my mobile.
Now it has appeared.
Thank you!
Is there a chance that the same issue will occur during my next purchase?
Good evening, and thank you very much!!
Now I am back.
Since the network is down, I don't know if you are online.
Hi #NAME#, I am coming back.
My email is #EMAIL#
I entered that email into #PRS_ORG# and it showed only the book Dom Casmurro.
How do I gain access to the others in #PRS_ORG#?
I find this suggestion of yours more preferable because #EMAIL# is the email to access #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#
But where do I find the ebooks to sync?
Excellent!
Thank you
i synchronized but no book was added in My Books yet
yes, it is
Hallelujah!!!
It worked.
Thank you very much #NAME#.
Thanks.
Everything is in order.
Stay healthy and best of luck!
Hugs
Doubts with the book purchase and invoice
#EMAIL#
still haven't used it
Brazilian Portuguese: when you make a purchase can you read on different devices?
computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
And can I make invoices with my company's data?
ok
I'll then check in the account
Portuguese: where do I put the company data and NIF?
I say the company data in order to obtain the invoice.
i am not finding
just account
Brazilian Portuguese: by the way accounts
I can't see my account.
I am unable to visualize the e-book "ifrs, contabilidade criativa e fraudes" by author #NAME#, which I paid for through the bank slip on February 18, 2021
#EMAIL#
IFRS, creative accounting and frauds
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I do
I am
I have already noticed
Okay, it is already in my account.
Thank you.
10 out of 10 service.
That's it exactly, thank you very much 😁
Equally, I will gladly rate your good service
I did not receive the e-book I bought.
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#, registered and I'm not able to access.
#EMAIL#
Ebook: UNVEILING OUR HOME, purchased on 22/02/#NUMBER#
In this email, I made the purchase and registered with #PRS_ORG#.
Yes.
No.
I have the email open waiting.
I have sent the email with the code you sent me.
I tried to link it and it did not work.
I followed these steps, and it didn't work out.
I want to know exactly what this problem is.
When I am in options and click on #PRS_ORG# it does not say to link this account.
I'll try.
Hello, are #NAME# plans gym-friendly?
Hi, are the #PRS_ORG# plans for gyms?
not for companies, but individual plans that a natural person can contract to attend gyms
Brazilian Portuguese: how do these different plans work?
#NAME#
Thanks for informing me the values!
And I'm looking for a plan that allows me to go to physical gyms for example 24/7 and not online classes.
hello, I’m here
thanks for the information
Good week.
Good morning.
Yesterday I scheduled a class but the attempt was unsuccessful.
When I arrived at the studio, it was closed.
I would like to have my credits back and not have to be charged any additional fees.
Thank you.
Correto!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After some time without reading on the app, I entered and my ebooks disappeared.
They were books of #NAME#.
My other question is whether I can download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them.
Thank you!
#NAME#.
#EMAIL#
Lack of merit, #NAME#.
Hi, thanks.
That's it.
There's none there
I had, but I deleted the account.
Brazilian Portuguese: That’s it now.
#EMAIL#.
I had to change the account with you, but it had apparently worked
I would like you to transfer it to #PRS_ORG# account, please. May cancel the other one
There were several from #NAME#.
Well, if you need me to give you a few titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, non-deserving, marketing, and archetype
OK, just one second
Have #NAME#
I'll see.
My daughter has a #PRS_ORG# account and can not purchase a book
My daughter's (who has the problem now is: #EMAIL#
or I can purchase on my account and allow my daughter to read it
Hello #NAME#!
my daughter has account #PRS_ORG# and in it she is getting to acquire a book
or can I acquire it in my account and allow my daughter to read it?
What?
Brazilian Portuguese: Da relogio de gua
water
$11.99
We already tried to buy through her #PRS_ORG# Reader and through my PC.
In none we succeeded
So far I suppose they didn’t charge the card.
But I am unable to confirm this right now, since sometimes it takes a while for banking systems to synchronize operations
No.
It hasn't expired
Can I purchase on my account and allow my daughter to read?
Is that I also have account #PRS_ORG#, with which I bought 2 and readers
Ah!
Does that mean I can always buy books on my own account and share them with my children, or can I only share them once?
I didn't notice.
Yes
Confirm then ff if the purchase went ahead or not, so that I can then try again in a different way,
Okay?
thank you
No.
that's everything.
Thank you and good afternoon
I have booked an English ebook, it was charged on my credit card, but it does not appear on my #PRS_ORG# where to download it.
What do I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author... English ebook
No, because I haven't purchased it through #PRS_ORG#.
I purchased directly from the #PRS_ORG# card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
No, I didn't.
#EMAIL#
But I don't use it.
I will check and let you know.
I need more information
How can I buy English ebooks?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: Maybe a.co
Purchase did not go through because of this.. language.
Okay.
Thank you #NAME? for your attention.
I found a debit, and then I noticed that it was older
No thank you.
I am talking to #PRS_ORG# where I made the purchase.
It has acquisition number.
😊
Problem with the file
#EMAIL#
5th of February
Thank you, #NAME#
Bought the ebook Learn to live in the now today from #NAME#
When I try to open it, there's an error informing that it is not possible to open the document
I have already synchronized the eReader three times and it still presents the same error.
in the eReader of the #PRS_ORG#
Okay.
I'm restoring this in the moment
I'm tracking the restoration progress bar
I'll give you a shout out as soon as I update, ok?
Hello
It is in the process of being updated
I tried now
And it did not open.
With the same error
The following notification appears: "Opa!
“Could not open this document.”
Okay
One moment.
One instant
You’re downloading the books again.
In an instant.
It worked
Thank you so much!
Nice job :)
No
Already helped.
Thank you very much
I was in a chat with #NAME#, I did everything he said and I can’t finalize a purchase because you say there was an error
#EMAIL#
Various, Terra Alta
I already talked to your colleague #NAME# and did what he said to do and the problem persists
What kind of information did they delete?
They are letting me through.
I already did that.
Read what they say sff
I cannot complete the purchase check out
I don't know what your colleague did, or didn't.
I'm unable to complete purchases in #PRS_ORG#
Do they want to address the issue or not?
I've already added the information.
But it appears that here it's not about following standard but about personalizing the problem and finding a solution
I only have one credit card
I have always used the same without problems
After that happens too, I go stop another officer and it starts all over again.
How can I feel when you don't do anything?
There is no missing information, it's all there
I'm going to do it all again.
Hi I can’t access my Ebook which I got from #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
On the 12th of February CARTAS DE UM ESTOICO, VOLUME I
This very email, I use for #PRS_ORG#... And the #PRS_ORG# account
I only acquired this and I'm not able to access it with the #PRS_ORG# account
I added another ebook at #PRS_ORG ..PROHIBITED_MEETING
I'll check.
I’ll send you an image.
Visitor uploaded: Untitled.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found it in my email
I am going to send you.
Only 1 minute.
Visitor uploaded: Inbox-(1.080)#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
sorry
I will send you
complete
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I'll verify.
yes
was added
only this
thanks so much
For your attention
Thank you very much
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
I need help to retrieve and transfer the books: education against barbarity, the circuit of #PRS_ORG# from the account #EMAIL# to mine.
#PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
With the help of #NAME# I was able to rescue one book, but there are two missing.
yes
I can’t try out on #PRS_ORG#’s account
Brazilian Portuguese: Education against barbarism and the affect circuit.
I can't
Kindly can you make the transfer to me.
not arrived
I am trying to see it on the cell phone #PRS_ORG#
thank you it worked and I managed to recover my books.
Brazilian Portuguese: not only the three I bought and the ones that were already on the #PRS_ORG# account.
thank you
Good afternoon!
God bless your day.
I bought the ebook Mindset Changes - a new way of thinking education.
I bought the title in culture but I can't open it on #PRS_ORG#.
According to the Bookstore, the ebook is malfunctioning and I should seek support with you.
#EMAIL#
15/01/##NUMBER##
Brazilian Portuguese: the book is: Change of Mindset - a new way of thinking education
no, just this email
I also made a preview.
but I made a purchase at #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the email with the confirmation of the purchase
but, I can access the note sim
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #NUMBER#
The PDF with the Note or the XML,, I didn't receive it from the Bookstore yet
but, when I access my account on #PRS_ORG#, the following message appears saying the same thing has already been processed.
I also received this message from Cultura:
How are you?
Thank you for this new opportunity;
Watch your email about the request #PHONENUMBER#, we talked to #PRS_ORG# and it was detected that the ebook has a fault.
They asked you to contact the support of #PRS_ORG# directly through CHAT.
Brazilian Portuguese: the book appears in the biblioteca
Brazilian Portuguese: now
I will read ... the
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you
equally
Good evening!
I’m trying to play a audiobook but it only plays 4 minutes of it.
#EMAIL#
The Duke and I.
yes
Smartphone
I have just done it
The issue has been resolved.
Thank you so much!
No.
Thank you so much for the help.
Good afternoon to you.
Good evening. I received my #PRS_ORG# yesterday, and it doesn't have a dictionary or translator.
I would like your help if possible, thank you.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, I’ve already done all that
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And dps when I try to use it, this is what comes up.
I would like you to help me if it is possible thank you
Yes
I bought it just today
Yes
Okay.
It's okay.
Already works thank you greetings.
I need help finding my book that I just purchased
#EMAIL#
the train girl
Portuguese (Brazil): please
my account receipt #PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
sapiens
Where?
so i tried the synchronise button
Brazilian Portuguese: because this is what the site told me
and nothing entered
how does it do this?
done
okay
synchronized and it did not register
okay.
Yes
nothing
Yes
how does one do this?
yes
thank you
appeared
Brazilian Portuguese: it's downloading
thank you so much for your help.
Brazilian Portuguese: yes everything's fine
not very obliged
I would like to know the values of the subscription plans.
Is she okay?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works - values and if I can use it in weight training classes
Is it in euro?
Not in real terms?
Can you tell how many credits you use for #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thanks!
I thought it was a little bit expensive for people who go 3 x a week...
Good night.
I would like to inform you that they have charged the monthly fee once again without me being able to confirm my return to the gyms.
I have not been going out for safety mainly since we are in the red phase.
I would like to ask for a refund, please.
I canceled my plan but they still charged me.
Please wait for me to respond.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer.
I do not have anywhere to use all the credits I have
I would like a refund
Yes.
Thank you.
I will be checking if the refund has gone through in these days.
Can I not transfer my credits to someone else?
I got it.
Thank you
I would like to know the values of each package for a natural person.
good morning
I need to know the prices and I do not find them on the site
could you help me?
I am wondering how your packages work, do you provide monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits for example
Incorrect billing
Hello
how are you?
Hello!
A payment from your company appeared on my credit card.
But not customer anymore
Brazilian Portuguese: CPF #PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: telefone #PHONENUMBER#
I don't remember
maybe it was by #PRS_ORG#
or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
sure, by the cpf does not achieve anything?
credit card fina #NUMBER# mastercard
I don't have
can I cancel the payment together with the bank then?
already gave you my cpf, unfortunately I don’t have any other email addresses
maybe you have lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what do I do then?
has a #PRS_ORG# value in my credit card
I want your company to email me saying I don't have a connection to you and that the value is not correct.
#EMAIL#
I'm in office hours, I can't stay here for long
It's ok
Thank you!
#NAME#
A wrong debit was made from my account.
#NAME#
I don't have all this information at hand.
I don't remember the day I canceled it
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
#PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: 04/21
I just don't remember the date I canceled it
Brazilian Portuguese: 08/10/#NUMBER#
Hello, good evening!
how are you doing?
Hello #NAME#, how are you doing?
I would like to renew my subscription if there are 14 free days.
and also for a lower value/plan.
Brazilian Portuguese: because when I click on Reactivate
Brazilian Portuguese: the value filled in automatically is this´#NUMBER# - with 30 credits..and i want 99 with up to 15 credits
can you help me?
Brazilian Portuguese: see below a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
could you check if I can get the 10 credit benefit (14 days free)?
I want to try out a studio and want to be assured that I can cancel my plan if I do not like the studio.
I can not find the Pilates studio I frequent to schedule the class
#PRS_ORG#
where I went to my last class
I'll try again.
I have not made any reservations for #NUMBER#
Any reservation for today?
When I search for the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options come up:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
#PRS_ORG#
when I select option 1, opens the page #URL#
And when I choose option 2 (the one I need to schedule the lesson), it opens the page #URL#
they are not answering #PRS_ORG#
Does it have something to do with the pandemic?
right?
Hello, I have a plan of 15 monthly credits and I can't book a swimming class at #PRS_ORG# all times I tried there was an error with the payment.
Hi #NAME#!
Yes
Could you tell me if I need to have a specific plan to book SWIM?
Yes, please.
Good morning.
I'd like to know better how the credits work.
For example, in the plan where I have 30 credits, how many classes can I access?
Thank you!
Equally!
I am.
I understand!
I would like to hire someone to do Pilates on average twice a week at studios near my house.
or any other activity that is not the gym itself
fight, maybe
The plans are monthly, right?
Sorry ahaha, I have another question.
Brazilian Portuguese: On the home page, there appear available plans and the quantity of credits
together, "mark until x lessons" appears
How does it work?
Does the amount of lessons displayed therein per week or per month?
I understood.
Thank you so much!
You are charging my card without permission
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
DATE OF CANCELLATION: it has been a year already
Charging: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been billed in the past few months.
Brazilian Portuguese: a charge was made on 26/12/#NUMBER#
ops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
That
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... for R$ 189.00 per month for example, can I use any gym, make one check in per day, how much does each check in for classes or massages cost?
#NAME#
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... at a cost of R$189.00 for example, can I use any gym, check in once a day, what’s the value of each check in class, or massage?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, in #PRS_ORG#
I'm in São Paulo
Brazilian Portuguese: Brazil
#URL#
In this gym, for example, to do a class, do you know how much would be deducted?
Good afternoon!
I requested a quotation and as of yet I have had no response to my request.
I await contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not answer
Yes, for corporate hire
Yes.
I work for #PRS_ORG#, and would like to know the plans for hiring by #PRS_ORG#
1) Your corporate email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company name: #PRS_ORG#
3) location: São Paulo
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#
I work at #PRS_ORG# and I would like to know about your corporate plans to hire employees of #PRS_ORG#.
I don’t have an account with #PRS_ORG# yet!
The corporate data is as follows:
1) Your work email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company name: #PRS_ORG#
3) place: São Paulo
The #PRS_ORG# doesn't have it!
I requested a quote through the Corporate Subscriptions page but didn't receive any response.
Ok, I’ll make the estimate process again
Thank you!
Doubt of Training/Credit
Hello
Good day
I have a question before I sign up for a plan
If I sign up for the #NUMBER# plan per month, I can only go to the gym 5 times in the month because I only have 5 credits?
Brazilian Portuguese: I want to go to the gym to train in person
I don't care much for online classes
dx I'll check if I understood correctly.
if I sign up for #NUMBER# do I get to go to the gym Monday to Friday and are the credits just for online classes?
I will change my question
in order to see if you'll be able to understand correctly.
With the #NUMBER# plan I get to go to the gym from Monday to Friday in the month to do my workout that I already have in mind without having to worry about this business of adding credit?
I'm not interested in an online class, nothing like that
I understood more or less
Brazilian Portuguese: is yet another thing
For example
the #NUMBER# plan is 5 credits, if a normal class at the gym is 1 credit I can only go 5 times a month
everything's okay.
kkkkk
in brazilian portuguese: is the minimum value of the gyms to workout from 1 credit?
I understood
thank you so much dude.
Good work.
kkk
Hello
Hi, do you not speak Portuguese?
thank you!
I would like to know how much credit I need to visit the gym at least 3x a week.
I didn't find on the website information about the credits the gyms charge...
I like the #PRS_ORG# at Av. Paulista
specifically YOGA lessons.
okay
ok, thank you for the info
HELLO,
I WOULD LIKE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#!
I am #NAME#, I have a gym in Porto Alegre and I would like more information about your service and the possibility of being a partner
ok, I will take a look and will answer any questions back
there isn't this page in portuguese?
TKS
No thanks.
I would like to cancel
Just confirm if the cancellation was successful please
No
Good evening!
I have already opened two other chats, but they disappear
I would like to receive back the credit for the classes that did not happen
One stretching class on Saturday at #PRS_ORG# gym, and an ashtanga class at #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: No
The stretching class was on the 22nd of this month.
And Astanga's on #PRS_ORG# October 5
None happened.
Okay :)
All well
I'll let you know!
Thank you! ! !
Goodnight!
Hello
I'd like to be refunded for the classes that didn't happen.
Okay :)
Portuguese: Hello, I am having problems managing my credits
It is indicated that the 24 credits I have today will expire tomorrow and I can not schedule a class for next Saturday with these credits.
However, the only reason why I am still keeping my subscription active with you during the pandemic, with everything shut down, is because I received an email that said my credits would no longer expire during the cycle exchange.
Okay.
Yes
OK, when they consult, the main issue is about the credits no longer expiring
I'll be waiting for the email.
Hugs
Hello!
I reserved a lesson that did not take place and did not receive the credits back.
It was the second time this happened.
I'd like to receive the credit for the class that didn't happen back :)
Good morning, we are a national association with more than 40,000 employees in our database, we are interested in forming a partnership to offer plans with differential values.
I'm waiting for contact
Thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: can you send me the form please
thank you very much
Hi there, I have been charged for a plan that I am not using and I am requesting a refund.
And how do I give my signature to another person???
Why is my money not free to be spent as I please?
Thank you so much!!
i would like to know the gyms in são paulo
#NAME#
how do I know the amount charged at each gym?
Do the credits allow to go to all gyms?
I understood.
thank you...i’ll think about it.
Brazilian Portuguese: signature
Brazilian Portuguese: hello
I tried to make a signature.
it charged to my card
Brazilian Portuguese: and blocked
I was doubtful.
Brazilian Portuguese: if was or not
#EMAIL#
I made a registration for a 14 days test.
I informed my card
#PRS_ORG#
and then bloayeo
blockage
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I cannot change my credit card on the website
Hello.
I can't update the data, my card is working normally
I have tried both of them
inclusive
none of them worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay
I will wait.
Okay
I have a class at 4:45 PM, I want to know if I will be able to make it or if I need to cancel because the account is suspended.
Okay, I'll do that.
What about the class?
Can I cancel it at no cost until I fix this?
Just the one today, as it may take time until I get to talk to someone at the bank!
It was just that!
Any problem, I will contact you again.
Thank you!
Do I cancel the class or do you cancel it?
Ok thank you
Have a good day too!
Hello, good day
I would like to know if I can put the subscription on hold for a period
Hi #NAME#.
yes
I need to take a break from classes but would like to keep the account.
And the credits
Yes
only confirms me if it is possible to freeze the subscription
For how long will I be able to stay away?
b the charge will be suspended
I understood.
so every month I will have to contact to renew the suspension?
okay
Which day is the best to call each month?
Good night
How are you doing?
For the second time I have arrived at the establishment to do yoga and my name wasn’t on the list
I've been making reservations as usual and getting the credits too
Ok grato
Okay.
Thank you very much!
Warning her pf
That's it, goodnight
Hello, good day.
I am trying to make a reservation for #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but error message appears.
I have already tried two different timings... How do I book?
Thank you #NAME#!
:D
No problem.
Do you need some of my information?
#EMAIL#
Hi good afternoon
Hello good afternoon!
#NAME#, everything's great and I hope you're well
I'd like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
How do I cancel?
this link does not open
could you assist me in another way?
Everything is okay, I'm waiting for your confirmation and if possible you could send me an email with the confirmation of the cancellation
There is any confirmation email?
Everything is okay, thank you very much.
Hello!
I am from Brazil, and I have seen that you have many partner gyms in São Paulo, however, I can’t access the values from Brazil.
Where can I see the price for my country?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Thanks a lot!
And how does it work?
Do I use a credit for each class?
Can it be used at any accredited gym?
Got it!
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# gym of #PRS_ORG#
I understood.
Is there any other fee to pay, like application fee, for example?
Will I be charged in Real to avoid paying taxes by doing international transactions?
Right!
I'll think about it and get back to you.
Thank you very much.
That alone.
Thank you.
Hello, good evening.
I would like to ask a question.
Hi #NAME#!
I would like to understand the $189 per month plan = 30 credits
Each reservation corresponds to 1 credit, is that correct?
And why not 30 credits, but for just 9 classes?
Would there be 9 types of classes or just 9 classes per month?
I don't know if my doubt was clear 🥲
This has not yet been made clear.
So, I can only make 9 bookings with this plan, is that right?
Ahhh I got it
But why 9 classes?
This is the maximum number of “lesson options” I can choose in this plan, is that it?
For example: bike, pilates, yoga, swimming, bodybuilding, etc.
Not being able to choose more than 9 options?
What does it mean?
Hummmmmm
So should I get rid of the 9 classes from my head?
kkkkkk
Perfect
That was it then
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund of my credits.
Due to my location, there is nothing available for use.
How to get the values back?
Good afternoon.
I would like to request the reimbursement of my credit.
Due to my location, there is nothing available for use.
How do I recover the values?
okay
Okay.
Thank you very much.
I wasn't being taken advantage of, nor was I offering anything up close to me.
Thanks!
Good evening, I would like to know the activities in Campinas, SP.
Brazilian Portuguese: hi
For what I have seen
we only have 1 studio here in Campinas that will accept you
Brazilian Portuguese: then, there's only that gym?
Do you want to have more in Campinas?
My "Music" book doesn't show any pictures either on the #PRS_ORG# nor on the phone.
Is there any better version?
Of course!
:) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
This is what happens.
It’s the same with a mobile phone.
I don't know if I'll have the file corrupted or if it's a general problem.
I just said the error happens on android... and not on any other book.
Yes :)
But only in this book
I know where to fix it, thank you.
But is it worth to repair just because 1 file gave problem?
Other books don’t give
I made the purchase of a book with an email different from the initial configuration, the purchase was accepted with an offer # PRS_ORG# card and was transmitted to the reader but I can not open it.
What to do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Ok.
Police
i'm looking for the model name but is the initial on your list
Portuguese (Brazilian): still doesn't open
the book appears but doesn't open.
So'um momento while I set up the camera
#EMAIL#
the page still won't open but I will send the information that appears
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
already is
Is it to set up the ereader?
From a PC?
I do.
okay.
okay and thank you
Yes and thanks again for your attention.
as well.
Hi, how are you doing?
Some months ago I needed to restore the application from #PRS_ORG# for PC.
When I did that, I lost all my purchased books.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thanks.
Mobile phone for contact: #PHONENUMBER#
My account was #EMAIL#.
However, that email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the application, it automatically changed to #EMAIL#
I'm sorry, I was wrong.
brazilian portuguese: it has always been #EMAIL#
Yes, please.
thank you!
I’ll test it here.
sorry, where do I sync?
On computer or on your own #PRS_ORG#?
the computer does not have the application
Brazilian Portuguese: he is new
how about low?
on device #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
I’ve tried, but it’s not working
Yes, synchronization error
ok, so just a minute.
it seems that this one is working out!
Just a minute to finish
,it seems like everything went fine
do I need to do anything else?
Okay, thanks a lot!
happy new year
Good afternoon,
I made a points exchange via the #PRS_ORG# You protocol and I would like to know which partner publishers have been selected so I can redeem my book.
Thank you,
#NAME#
Certainly: #EMAIL#
I haven’t made any purchase through the site of #PRS_ORG# yet.
I made an attempt to exchange points on the #PRS_ORG# site using the #PRS_ORG# You protocol, and was provided with a code that allows me to purchase a book in your store
however any book I select is not allowed, and when I went to see the rules it says it's only applicable in selected partner publishers, and I would like to know which ones are selected
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
Sure, one moment please.
Appears on the list as pending
Brazilian Portuguese: is now available!
thank you so much for your help
No, thank you for your help
I can normally read the e-books on the #PRS_ORG# but they are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
December 29
Not loading the e-books.
He says: "care
Says: "loading...." and nothing happens
I have uninstalled and reinstalled #PRS_ORG# many times.
I have restarted #PRS_ORG# a few times.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# (3 generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I've already done that.
Brazilian Portuguese: It still doesn't load.
Do not open the book.
I turned it off and on again.
I deleted the APP.
It's not.
I went into settings.
Yes
There is no "archive"
I am "in a temper"
I did not find anything.
I didn't find "restart"
"Slide to power off," that's what appeared.
I turned it off.
I called again
I found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I am watching my e-books.
I didn't need to login
Good afternoon, I can not buy books with any credit card, only with an offer card.
How can I solve the problem?
#EMAIL#
The most recent was today and is titled The Only Woman
Mobile phone
The eReader has also been used to try to purchase
#NAME#
Yes, you can do that
Yes
I believe that it has already been all eliminated
Okay.
Next?
OK I am in the process
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon.
I purchased the e-book "A Promised Land" by Barack Obama on 17 November.
I had already downloaded the file to my #PRS_ORG#, but it has now disappeared, and I am unable to download it again.
#EMAIL#
December 1st.
thank you
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: um e-reader #PRS_ORG#
clear
worked.
I have finished now
thank you
no momento, no
I am the one who thanks.
also
How to enable Family Sharing
#EMAIL#
29th December
It’s like this.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
Purchased books will not load on the #PRS_ORG#
Wheel, wheel and no entry.
I do not receive an error message
I got out of the account and got back in.
Do not pre ces yourself to login
The problem persists.
#PRS_ORG#
The books bought from Cultura are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#
I can see the covers but not the text.
I have reinstalled the app and the problem persists
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3rd generation and #PRS_ORG#
I did not understand.
I have a free #PRS_ORG# book and it loads fine
On the purchased books the app says it is "loading" but it does not load anything.
I can read normally at the #PRS_ORG# and have trouble at the #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# from #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I'm with #PRS_ORG# on this account
I'm browsing the book at the moment on #PRS_ORG#
I'm trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Ok
Waiting, without problems.
The “MIlícias” book is not appearing.
Yes.
Reappeared but it still does not load.
I await contact.
I'm going to have lunch.
Thanks for the help so far.
Thank you.
A good year to you and your team.
I can not download the ebook
Hello
Hello.
#EMAIL#
Our daily bread
Ok
On the phone #PRS_ORG#
Yes, I do manage, it's just that bread that doesn't open up.
No, it only rolls the little ball and then goes back to the book's cover screen
I have done it already.
If I leave the screen, I lose the chat
I bought an ebook on Cultura since 12/28/2019 and it’s not yet cleared for me to read.
The title is What is Inclusive Education.
I've made a sale, I've got a receipt but I can't synchronize!
#EMAIL#
28/12/#NUMBER#
Portuguese: the purchase code is # #PHONENUMBER#-01
Okay.
I've already done it
Brazilian Portuguese: still not showing up... only have what I bought in June from #NUMBER#
this is what I sent earlier...
# #PHONENUMBER#-01
this is the purchase
I paid by credit card, was already charged and it appears as shipped on the #PRS_ORG# website!
I don't understand why they don't release it until now...
Another address?
but my email #PRS_ORG# is what I gave you?!
I have the receipt that I received through email
I'll forward it
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is!
That
It is not appearing on my app yet... what do I do?
He has appeared!
Finally!
Thank you very much!
I thank you!
I have some doubts.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: must have two days or so
hello
how's it going?
I am just starting to read in #PRS_ORG# now.
I can't bookmark the page.
Brazilian Portuguese: no
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#
still can't accept it.
when I get to the ”Notes” what should I do?
I don't see the option to mark the page
Brazilian Portuguese: a fold mark doesn't appear to me in the upper right corner of the page.
I still can't
nada
I've done it
can't manage to reach you, right?
okay
ok
still nothing
What is #NAME#?
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: tchau
Password
I bought on 05/01
Hello is there anybody here
#EMAIL#
I am having a problem with my password.
If I enter my son's email will I be able to
Okay.
No cell phone
I don't have a computer.
Yes because I am having problems synchronizing with the bookstore to get the book I bought.
Not gonna do it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Just a moment.
I made it with another email.
How can I access the book?
They were thin and happy forever.
Just minutes
#PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
Did you see that the number 2 I ordered was missing, 1 number
What I do is go to the bookstore
I bought it via #PRS_ORG#
I'll call the bookshop
Thank you
Okay
I have just bought an e-book, and I would like to download it to my cell phone.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/01/#NUMBER#
I bought with #PRS_ORG# but I think I put my work email as the one for the purchase today and the email is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# application on my phone for the account #EMAIL#. Do I have to download it again on the work email account?
I bought the book Range.
Brazilian Portuguese: It shows up on #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but gives an error when opened
#EMAIL#
Range
ok
Oops, it was not possible to open the document. There may be a problem with the file.
Try to sync your e-reader. If you are still unable to open, please contact #PRS_ORG# Customer Services at #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: sure
okay.
Done.
now a menu appeared to choose the language
Brazilian Portuguese: idioma
I loged in again and it is downloading the book Range again
I am waiting to finish the download that started automatically.
entered
I had already done this, but ok, the important thing is that you entered.
It must have been missing something
thank you.
Just that, thanks a lot and Happy New Year.
good job
okay, thank you!
After the factory reset the tablet doesn’t start anymore.
When I try to configure the wi-fi the update fails.
I have tried to reset again and also wiped cache but it doesn't work.
What should I do?
thank you.
Sorry I don't have an account
I think it is the simplest one, #PRS_ORG#.
that
Brazilian Portuguese: yes no completes the connection
#7
Brazilian Portuguese: error #7
How can I update by the android robot using the usb drive option?
yes, I am on my computer
and the tablet is connected
not
I'll install.
now i have it ready
if e-reader is tablet, yes it is
I would like to remind you that I did a factory reset on the tablet.
there is no such option
After the first screen where I select the language and press Get started, I then have the screen to configure the wi-fi and I do not have the option not to configure it
I only have the options of Scan, Add Network, Back, Next and selecting some wifi network.
Brazilian Portuguese: yes, now turning off
Reconnecting again
just got a call and received the message that #PRS_ORG#ou
What is the #PRS_ORG#?
No, how?
I would like to thank you for your help and patience, #NAME#, but I must leave now.
I'm going to try another hour to look for help here.
Thank you and have a great day.
What is your email?
Okay, thanks.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening.
I bought a book, paying via #PRS_ORG#, but the book isn’t on my account.
#EMAIL#
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: 10
Yes
Okay.
I am trying to upload the picture
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Ok
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction that I made about 25 minutes ago, I only received this information.
I have not received an invoice from #PRS_ORG#
Until then, I can’t access the book or buy it, right?
Ok, thank you
No.
I await a resolution via email.
I can’t open the book that I bought.
#EMAIL#
I think it was on the 4th of January.
Thank you
Yes, I can't open it and read it
Thank you
I carry the book to open and read and page goes back to the beginning
It's not enough to just open up
Yes
Yes, in the app of my #PRS_ORG#
Yes
It's not supposed to be, right?
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Yes if possible
It is already here.
Or better still, they had already done that before contacting you
But now I started again
Doesn’t work
It does not continue to not open
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I carry the book on top and do not open.
Go back to the same site as in the picture
I played it as you asked and it kept not opening
Yesterday night, I managed to open it.
Today already it doesn't work.
OK I already ended the session
Already given
Thank you.
Hello, I would like to transfer my books from the #PRS_ORG# account to the #EMAIL# and delete the first email from my account.
Thank you
Not merit, #NAME#, the first one... and put a #PRS_ORG# in the second one these days for the purpose of confirming
Yes, he told me, but I can't see them there.
The #PRS_ORG# app
#PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thanks, sometimes we forget to try the obvious.
No, it was nothing, thanks.
Ok
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook started to give problems again, I can’t open any book.
#EMAIL#
Excuse me, but what is an e-reader?
I had the same problem with a book a week or so ago.
For use in the cellular phone, #PRS_ORG#.
All of the books show up, but do not open.
In the notebook, it works fine.
Hello, yes he left.
I had this problem with a book that wouldn't open, it shows up, but won't open.
Now they are all.
Okay.
Mobile phone works as usual on my laptop
Okay
Dear Sirs, good evening, I would like to delete the card that is saved in my profile without inserting another for now, is that possible?
#EMAIL#
the dare
then, for me it only shows me the option to edit and not delete.
Yes please
Visitor Uploaded: PRINT.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
For me it's only like that, if you can delete it would help me a lot
you only deleted the card, right? #NAME#?
this alone #NAME#, thank you for your attention, see you soon?
A question, wouldn't there be the possibility in the future to offer this option of boleto?
instead of paying with a credit card, pay with a bill
I'll send it. Thanks again for your help #NAME#, have a great day!
I bought 'Seminário dos Ratos' e-book through #PRS_ORG# on 11/29/#NUMBER# for R$11.96 (promotion).
Just pay using a credit card.
Still today I have not received it.
I would like to know what has happened and if I will have the book.
Thanks for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase on 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
I also can’t in my #PRS_ORG# because it doesn’t appear to me on any of the devices.
It’s as if I hadn’t bought it.
Books I purchased beforehand appear fine.
But this doesn't.
Okay, one moment please.
Brazilian Portuguese: It showed up.
What a happiness!!!!
Thank you very much!!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Great end of afternoon for you.
Thank you.
I bought a #PRS_ORG# form and the Ereader locked up.
What do I need to do?
#EMAIL#
January of this year.
I bought the #PRS_ORG# form with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# at your site on December 24th and the device blocked.
It does not turn the page or turn it off.
I see the text that was on the screen.
It was at about 80% charge.
Not one because it had so much load not to screw the battery
No.
You are already connected
It is already connected and restarted.
It didn’t have any battery.
Yes and it is already charging
Good evening, I have purchased the book Crónicas e caprichos, but it is no longer visible in the #PRS_ORG# books.
It appears in my customer area, however when I sync it does not appear in #PRS_ORG#.
When searching for the book in the store on the #PRS_ORG#, it appears to not have been bought ever.
I think when they updated the book edition it was no longer recognized on the device.
I'm asking for help, thank you.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: The midnight sun
thank you
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: one moment please
Brazilian Portuguese: it does not appear yet...
I think so.
I believe it has to do with the new edition.
why does the book appear in my account in the web browser, but not in the #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
Brazilian Portuguese: one moment please.
#NAME#
thank you very much.
that is it, thank you
Good work and good night!
Good afternoon.
I’ve been trying to purchase an ebook on your site since yesterday, but error #NUMBER# always pops up during the payment process.
How can I solve this problem and get the ebook?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
the only ebook I have at the moment
Brazilian Portuguese: is the
#NAME#.
okay
in this moment the computer
#PRS_ORG#
the error that appears is as follows
Visitor uploaded: erro-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
it is already
now I am in the buying zone
Brazilian Portuguese: had already left
do you want her back?
OK
so I'll then add that
I already added
okay.
I already got it!
Thank you so much for your help.
no, that was all there was to it.
Thank you so much again.
ok, I will respond
APP #PRS_ORG# desktop is advising that my BOOKSHELF IS EMPTY, but I have purchased ebooks.
I request immediate recovery. Thank you.
#EMAIL#
At the moment I don’t know when I bought them; more or less 3 to 5 years.
Yes
I await.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
The message says it is empty.
I downloaded it again, but it keeps showing the same message.
Yes.
Yes.
Ready.
where is the settings link.
Do you see this account?
At the top, there is the "help" button on the login screen
I can't find the link
I understand, but not how to proceed.
Yes.
ok.
I logged in #PRS_ORG# and it said that it couldn’t find the account
Brazilian Portuguese: yes.
Yes.
OK.
Brazilian Portuguese: finished.
Yes, I'm trying to see.
I accessed the page
I'm picking up the key.
I put the password but it did not work
We couldn't find an account with that email or address.
OK.
thank you.
Good day.
I purchased two books last night but I cannot read them on my #PRS_ORG#.
I have already made the synchronization but it continues with this problem.
Thank you in advance!
#EMAIL#
Last night from day 21st of January to the 22nd of January.
thanks!
The books that I bought last night are Sapiens Historia Breve da Humanidade and O Tatuador de Auschitz.
Brazilian Portuguese: the book covers appear in "My Books" but when I want to open to read it shows "Oops!
This file couldn't be opened!
Brazilian Portuguese: and said there's probably a problem with the file.
and ask me to do synchronization my ereader but it still have a problem.
and #PRS_ORG# has already sent the purchase confirmation to my email
Yes.
I can open it on my mobile phone
Brazilian Portuguese: It's okay!
thank you, 🙏🏽
okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: ok.
I will inform you of something
Not yet finished still
Brazilian Portuguese: continues to have the problem
I'm trying again
Good day!
I would like to know about the technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG#, which burned the inside light.
#EMAIL#
22/11
everything is fine.
I am.
Brazilian Portuguese: so, he is ancient
ai a luz nao ta funcionando mais
holy shit, let me find out
Brazilian Portuguese: perae
: #PRS_ORG# (Qty: 1)
how do I do it?
you're doing well.
#NAME#!
If it doesn't work, is there no assistance?
Ta bem
uai
I spelled it wrong.
sorry
#EMAIL#
it is very old kkk
but I ask you, even if I don't pay, can I get it taken care of?
aaah I got it.
I'm doing well.
I hope that this is the procedure you taught from scratch
sure
thank you very much for your guidance.
Brazilian Portuguese: no.
only that
Good morning!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How do I do it?
#EMAIL#
23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, the Account Settings option does not appear
The page disappeared.
Now when I type #URL# it enters directly in #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
On the left side there is the option to Log in and not My Account.
The information is coming: We have not found an account with that address......Please check if you typed it correctly
What?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do that?
The following message appears: "To keep your #PRS_ORG# account secure, we've locked you out after five failed attempts at signing in."
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
ok
A link came up for me to enter.
Is that so?
Okay.
I created a new password and got the message: We could not find an account with this email or password.
Please double check that you typed correctly.
That’s right.
OK, I managed to get in.
Ufa!!
Now I am at account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria cultura click on link this account?
Went back on #PRS_ORG# and Enter.
When I clicked enter it came: We did not find an account with this email or password.
Check if you typed correctly.
I repeated the steps to link this account to the #PRS_ORG# side and the message above always comes
above
How come?
Yes, normal
I've already contacted the #PRS_ORG# and they have tried and said that the problem is with the #PRS_ORG# and that I should contact you... it's difficult, right?
Okay.
Can.
Resolve the problem
okay
My # PRS_ORG# doesn’t work, I put it to charge more, but it doesn’t switch on.
The model is #PRS_ORG#, where can I get service?
#EMAIL#
I don't have this information, I have never used #PRS_ORG#, I have earned more but it doesn't work
ok
by the way I notice yes
I put it on the charger, on both the pc and the socket and no light comes on and it does not charge
not*
yes, but it doesn't work anymore
other connection, of what type?
Is there a specific cable required?
I'm sorry, I didn't understand.
right
Brazilian Portuguese: The light doesn't turn on
My #PRS_ORG# is the #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C model, it does not have an on-off button, it is a button that slides to the side
Oh my god, it’s been so long
Is there a place that maintains this device?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Do you still manufacture?
Is there any place that does maintenance?
I understood.
There is no maintenance only for that model or none of them?
And still you suggest I purchase another?
for a product that doesn't provide assistance in case I need it?
I got it, thank you very much for the info.
Good night
I am seeing that many people are as discontent as I am.
WHAT TO DO TO FILL OUT A COMPLAINT FORM
THIS IS BAD IF NOT #PRS_ORG#
I am unable to purchase anything in the #PRS_ORG# store, I've changed my card twice, I've changed my account, I've been to the #PRS_ORG# and received no response, I want to know how I can complete your complaints book?
I AM WAITING
DONT AT THE END OF THE PURCHASE JUST A MISTAKE THAT SAYS UPS!
ERROR, COMPLETING THE PURCHASE IS NOT POSSIBLE
NEITHER WAS IT BETTER TO HAVE BEEN STUNG BY A SNAKE AND TO NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT IN #PRS_ORG#
THE PURCHASE CANNOT BE COMPLETED
NOT
ALREADY #NAME#
I WILL DO IT AGAIN BUT I ALREADY DID IT THREE TIMES MINIMUM
I already did.
already have
i did and i'm always getting the same error
BUT I ALREADY DID IT
JA MUDEI DE CARTÃO DUAS VEZES, JÁ ATUALIZEI OS DADOS DA CONTA VÁRIAS VEZES.
What does #NAME#?
now I am in the third book that I try to buy and the error is always the same
Brazilian Portuguese: it's better
but there is a time limit to return the equipment (which I will do) and fill out the complaint book
Portuguese (Brazil): no site, but I tried on e-reder first and the result was the same
Brazilian Portuguese: you didn’t answer how I can preenceher a book of complaints or how I can convey my deep displeasure to #PRS_ORG#
where?
in help?
thank you
I bought a #PRS_ORG#, after backing up, it does not exit the wifi screen.
Not accepting the network access password
#EMAIL#
I do not remember making ebook purchases, I only use it as a tablet
this was not a purchase I made while on a trip to canada about 5 years ago
something that you can do, or have I lost the product?
I cannot get out of the screen, i.e. I no longer use it as a tablet
I've already downloaded it to my PC.
However, it asks to call #PRS_ORG#
when I turn it on, the wifi screen does not go away
Brazilian Portuguese: not
I started using the app.
nothing
Brazilian Portuguese: only the wifi screen
Yes.
#PRS_ORG#
i think my case is unsolvable rs
in Brazilian Portuguese: nothing else appears apart from language option screens
and wifi
or in other words
I can't go anywhere.
my computer recognizes the device
not
everything's okay
thank you for trying to help me
Happy new year...for you too!!
Thanks!!
Good day
I need help.
I've had #PRS_ORG# years and have never had any syncing problems.
I was still using it in November without any problems.
Today I am not succeeding.
It does not recognize my email, and I don't remember my password.
I have pending e-books and I can't synchronize.
if you can help me, I appreciate it.
in fact I don't know because I had trouble with my first email which was #EMAIL#.
The current one is #EMAIL#.
as it was my daughter in law who first set up I believe that the password would be #NUMBER#
The #PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to log in through #PRS_ORG# because it doesn't recognize my email or password either.
Even my library disappeared.
Portuguese: I had many books there and they all disappeared.
I might be getting it wrong.
I am #NUMBER# years old and consider myself a heroine in informatics as I can cope well, but now I've got a snag.
Brazilian Portuguese: kk
can be
but there I have to ask for help and guidance
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: if I find you after that's fine kkkkk
then use the second email #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: it would have to be changed ai.
my phone is #NAME#
i think it is this registered number.
In this reconfiguration, I do not lose the apps already downloaded to #PRS_ORG#
new account?
What's the password
how do I change the culture in the account?
I tried to speak with them, the telephone I have is #NAME#, they answered me, but when I spoke about #PRS_ORG# the call got cut and they didn’t answer me anymore.
If you have a phone to help me I will be grateful.
have any problem of being different culture registration with #PRS_ORG#?
I now remember that the last time I used #PRS_ORG# was for books that I bought from the store #PRS_ORG#
I have more than #NUMBER# books
OK.
Not yet.
I appreciate your patience and attention.
Have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I'm waiting.
Screen of my #PRS_ORG# is blurring
#EMAIL#
I think it is already 1 year
Thank you
His screen is turning everything funky but I can not read anything on it
Yes it always stays charged I never let it run out or knock it off.
I left him in the factory mode to see if it would come back but the letters are so wiped I can't even read it right
I have already done it.
The screen is the same way
How is that so?
It's normal to answer, the only problem is that the letters and the images are practically erased
Hello.
Yes.
Yes
Okay
Not
Yes
I did it the way you told me but it didn't show up
Yes
It's as if she had switched off
However one can see the books that I still have
One can even see affection written off
He is not picking up, I think the screen has frozen
You are not calling
Okay
He didn't go back.
Didn't call and continues with a very clear background showing the books
Is there anything else we can do besides what you are talking about?
Why he was only with the screen with letters and images that are kind of faded now after I did what you said he's not even talking
Portuguese (BR): Nothing is working right now
It's like I have the screen lock on and can't get it to stop doing it, it appears offline but shows fondness for the books and being offline but I can't do anything
Brazilian Portuguese: Now, you are getting hot
Yes
Is there any technical support in SP?
I resume the following conversation.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 15:30:00 UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I am picking up conversation with you.
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Please be aware that if you alternate between apps, lock the phone or switch to another window while you are chatting with us, you may become disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience possible, stay active in this chat/chat window.
(03:30:#NUMBER# PM) Customer Service: Due to a larger number of requests, our response time may be somewhat delayed.
We apologize for any inconvenience caused and will be responding to your request as soon as possible, thank you for your patience.
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) *** #NAME# has joined the chat ***
Brazilian Portuguese: (03:31:#NUMBER# PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thank you for contacting us, could you please indicate the email you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34 PM) #NAME#: I wish to purchase a book but I can't finish the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my readings.
My last purchase was made on November 30th, #NUMBER#, and the book was “Lisboa em Camisa”
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Thanks for the info.
I'll be happy to help you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Let me check your account of #PRS_ORG# for a moment.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for waiting.
(03:36:PM) #NAME#: I'm asking if you filled in your billing information when you tried to buy the book?
(03:38:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I then revisited (confirming) the payment instructions, as suggested in the message that the payment did not go through
Brazilian Portuguese: (03:39: #NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I see that there were a few attempted purchases that didn't go through.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes when there is an error with your transaction the banks should not let you try to make the purchase again.
(03:40 PM) #NAME#: Can you contact your banks to see if they placed a restriction on our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I'll check
(03:43:#NUMBER# PM)
the last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
yes and they informed me that there is no problem on their part to make the transaction
OK
Yes, it worked now.
Good night,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I have to press the power button to turn my device off completely?
#EMAIL#
I have not yet purchased any items.
Got my device today just
However, sleep mode uses a lot of battery.
When I first called him he had 59% and now he only has 39%
I already tried faster what you told me but not even once did it turn off.
It just entered a suspension
I bought this device because I always heard about its battery durability.....
Is it possible that there may be something wrong?
I did not upload, just logged into the computer to import the books.
Before I started meddling, I read the manuals.
And I found nothing about this matter in the manual or on the Internet.
I believe so but as I said, nowhere did this information appear.
Excuse me but I didn't understand
I can't.
I've even allegedly said that it's turning off and it doesn't happen.
I'll reiterate that it just goes into sleep mode.
How long?
But I've already told you it's not happening
It's already the seventh time I've done this and only goes into standby.
How so?
And the issue of the battery?
What about the battery problem?
Will I be without my books?
And the battery?
The battery problem I spoke of at the start....
What is this all about?
But haven’t you understood yet that I never said a word about that in the manuals, not in absolutely any way?
If it was that important it would have been in the manual.
So basically I paid for a device that supposedly has a long battery life and because I didn't charge it for the first 4 hours it lost this capacity???
May take weeks???
The device is new.
And as already said, it came with 59% battery (it was turned on at 1 PM) and now it’s after midnight and it’s only 37% and I didn’t even use it, it was always on sleep mode.
I already restored the default settings.
Portuguese: It continues without powering off
I charged for over #NUMBER# seconds and nothing appeared, it just went into sleep mode a couple seconds after charging.
For the rest, nothing happened
One way or another, do not turn it off
Tomorrow I will contact the store where I bought it to request a new unit or a reimbursement.
Good night.
Good morning
At the physical store of #PRS_ORG# I questioned if I could offer books they said yes, that all I had to do was to buy at the site and receive a link, after which I would send the link to the person.
But as far as I have noticed this is not the case.
I just bought an ebook and it seems that it is just associated to my account, right?
What is the way to offer this ebook to another person?
#NAME#,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
09th of January of #NUMBER#
Good day #NAME#.
The book is a gift, it is not for me.
How can I give it to whoever I want without it being in my library?
Is it possible?
Yes that's right
I had purchased a physical at #PRS_ORG# and they asked to exchange it for an ebook.
I did the return at the #PRS_ORG# and they told me to buy it on the site and they would issue a link to download the book and just send the link to the person I wanted to give the e-book to
But it's not exactly that which happened.
Or I do not understand anything about the subject.
Or both ahah
Then there is no way of offering it?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store cash cards right?
In this case I prefer just the return of the money since I won’t use the book and the person doesn't have access to it.
The purchase was a mistake.
Didn't even open the ebook as you can probably see in the history.
In this case, please accept our gratitude for the return to the same payment method.
Thank you so much #NAME#.
Thank you very much #NAME#
That was all there was to it.
Thank you so much.
Will contact be by email?
Yes, but if it is necessary for the purposes of this process, I can also be contacted at the number #PHONENUMBER#
Not
It’s all
Thank you so much again
Good afternoon I can not change the password for the #PRS_ORG# account, I would like to change it so I can gain access to the ebook I purchased to give as a gift.
greetings
#NAME#
December 25.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 24
Brazilian Portuguese: from December
forgiveness
thank you
well, yes, but this is to enable my father to offer the book as a gift
The goal is this
okay but needed a way for him to access it
using log in
to my account with a pass and my associated email
Brazilian Portuguese: no
Brazilian Portuguese: ok everything's fine
Brazilian Portuguese: and it is not possible for example for me to log in normally.
ok but there I try
Brazilian Portuguese: and I'm not accepting it, or I have to go through the website #PRS_ORG#
thank you very much: L)
I was already able to access with this option via #PRS_ORG#
I cannot access the books that I have purchased
#EMAIL#
I bought it by #PRS_ORG#, and I can not access it
The Courage to Be Imperfect
I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# account with that of #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: by mobile #PRS_ORG#
that says that it is having problems syncing
I log in to #PRS_ORG# and then try to associate it with #PRS_ORG#
i have now signed in via #PRS_ORG# and am trying to link again
Brazilian Portuguese: says that he can't find the account
I tried but it did not find either
In the #PRS_ORG# website I usually do this:
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try the synchronization it says that the system is not available
Hello.
but I'm logging in normally to #PRS_ORG#  and in #PRS_ORG# I can't associate
I will try.
I'm still changing.
We were unable to locate an account with this email or password.
Check if you typed it correctly.
this
the two are the same email
I can log into #PRS_ORG# via #PRS_ORG#, but when I go by the bookstore, this message appears
but when going directly on the bookstore's website it works
Thank you, I look forward to your response
just that
thank you
I have not been able to pay #PRS_ORG# in #PRS_ORG# since January so I have not been able to buy as I used to.
My credit limit is the same
#EMAIL#
Various, high land, the joe nesbo knife etc.
Did I lose the connection or are you checking?
I have already tried that.
my computer
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#'s website
What private browser?
I did not realize, I always did it the same way
I don't even know if it's possible to buy anonymously
But how?
I get onto the site, I clear my information and I purchase it?
How do I pay?
A laptop with #PRS_ORG#
I don’t understand it. Am I leaving the site?
Wants me to sign-up again to #PRS_ORG#.
Wouldn't it be better to speak directly?
But why?
Can't I do this with my password and email?
I don't understand him.
First to leave the chat doesn't follow verification
As of yet, I have not figured out how to enter anonymously, so I have never done it.
To go to my account they ask for mail and password
Could it be a cell phone?
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Can you follow along with the process over the phone with me, or not?
No, I never did.
I want to do it in the PC, but to talk to you
Our conversation is not going well because I do not understand computers
I will try again and if it does not go well, I will have to go back to the chat?
Answer what I ask sff
Good day, my #PRS_ORG# entered recovery mode, and I can’t log on any longer
enter in #PRS_ORG# page
#EMAIL#
large #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: he enters the configuration screen, I can log into the wifi network, data and time, he tries to do an update, but it always gives an error.
around 4 years
yes
open
Brazilian Portuguese: asks for email and password
I was able to get in
nothing found appears.
some of them yes
Brazilian Portuguese: the last purchase was less than 1 month ago
it is the same email that I sent to you
no
yes
I bought it via my device
i have an email from #PRS_ORG#, #EMAIL#
I'll check.
Yes, what do I do?
One moment please.
#NAME#, I am unable to log in with that email address, no account was found
I tried to log in clicking on the icon as you told me, there wasn't an option to log in with the new account, I entered the link that you sent again, and it says that no account is found with that email
Uploaded by the visitor: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
how do I do it?
The options that exist are, new tab, new window, and new anonymous window
right and then
Don't you have anything to say to me?
#MENTION#, can you tell me why I cannot complete the purchase of ebooks on #PRS_ORG#?
I was with #NAME# in chat but I wasn't told anything
#EMAIL#
High Land.
I don’t use #PRS_ORG#
May I use the #PRS_ORG#?
But to do so they had to provide me with the data for the payment and the situation wouldn't be settled
How can this be verified?
But I do not know how to verify that
And this problem just started about a month ago
Will you need anything?
okay
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
email address is the same
The msg when I was about to finalise the purchase is "OPs, an error occurred"
#PRS_ORG#, with no message
How do you take a screenshot?
I have already seen the msg that appears and sent it before
It's a laptop with a docking station
Where does this happen?
Okay.
I am waiting.
Thank you.
I don't remember my login and password for #PRS_ORG# (and I can't activate it).
Maybe there's some old account (which I can't remember) unlinked from #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactivate and retrieve my books from #PRS_ORG#
Please I am out of options, totally stuck
my current email is #EMAIL# (in #PRS_ORG#).
In #PRS_ORG#, I don't remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two books in english essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
gone with the wind - margareth mitchel
I can’t access #PRS_ORG# nor #PRS_ORG# (I forgot the initial login, perhaps it is a former and a duplicate)
Before logging out of #PRS_ORG#, I synced several times and it didn’t download the last purchase of #PRS_ORG# - So I logged out and couldn’t identify the old (and duplicate I believe), login, nor the new one: by the email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that is my old email, I don't use it any more, it was #EMAIL#, and is inactive now.
I need it to be that of the current culture: #EMAIL#
I did it now, and it doesn't recognize
"We can't find an account with that email address or password.
Check that you typed it correctly.”
it was this option that I tried.
Brazilian Portuguese: he does not recognize the account
Brazilian Portuguese: didn't give also
It might be better to unlink the old one to make it “less polluted.”
I love the #PRS_ORG# very much and I'm going to use it forever
Brazilian Portuguese: therefore, option 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
did it work?
Thank you very much!!
Thank you so much !!
The same to you, have a great day!!
I bought two ebooks and don't know how to visualize them??
#EMAIL#
14/01/ #NUMBER# ebooks Astral Body and Mental Body
I already downloaded it from the site, #URL# but I don't know how to access the ebook??
How do I do it?
Can I get started now??
Will the chat not be unavailable?
Ape
A screen appears, but it does not offer the NO option.
It is not a configuration screen.
When I accessed the site #URL#, a screen appeared with the phrase: How can we help?
no, but the system directed me, so i followed what you ordered.
I intend to buy several ebooks from the same site.
If we can solve the problem it would be good for everyone...
That screen is the one that appears
There is no option to choose NO.
He went down and chose NAO
Is that correct?
I click on exe?
He asks if I can let the application make changes?
To run the #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon was created
I opened a login screen to create an account is that right??
The system says that it did not find an account or password...
Yes.
Showed as Sync completed
Did you open a help page??
It is not opening the screen.
Both books appear, but when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open?
Grateful #NAME#.
Good night.
Good afternoon.
I have owned a #PRS_ORG# for years, it's asking for new setup and I'm not able to.
What do I do?
I need to talk to someone.
Please help me, desperate old guy (67a) Thank you
#EMAIL#
I can't remember, I was in the middle of a purchase O Conde de #PRS_ORG# when it occurred.
I connect with the Wi-Fi and it recognizes it correctly and then it shows a page that indicates a network error.
No!
Brazilian Portuguese: and yes to INITIATE the e-read.
Detail: I did not change anything and I did not do anything different from what I have used for years.
I am a lay person in "computer", how can I do that?
Where do I begin?
I clicked
What is #NAME#?
Now what is to be transferred?
It was made and now what?
Three items appeared: #PRS_ORG#(5), #PRS_ORG#(6) and #PRS_ORG#P
Yes, in the downloads folder
I am a computer left zero.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" I think(?)
It opens up as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I execute?
It is being executed.
Finished and created a shortcut on the desktop.
I started the program
Okay I did step 5
I can’t DO anything and #PRS_ORG# is completely disorganized.
I'm more lost than before
It seems that I was able to, I am attempting to access #PRS_ORG#.
I’m trying to login with #PRS_ORG# and it doesn’t recognize the email.
I can't, I don't have the patience.
I'm old and I HAVE to CLEAR UP THE DOUBTS BY TALKING, I CAN'T TAKE IT.
PLEASE HOW DO I SOLVE MY PROBLEM. HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
You don't understand, you were born with a computer, I wasn't.
Their didactic method is great for anyone who understands IT, but not in my case.
Thank you very much for your brilliant attention.
What you are doing is social exclusion.
Greetings
Do you want to help me?
give a phone number so that you can call and possibly solve the problems of the "blessed" device.
I don't change my opinion: it's social exclusion.
One day you'll feel what it's like to live in a similar situation.
I just finished ordering the book Box trilogy o século
And a message appeared about a card issue.
I have repeated the purchase three times and the same message has appeared.
However, my card approved all the purchases.
What do I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man who loved the dogs.
Where can I find this?
In the #PRS_ORG#?
Why failed?
About these failed requests, will they be canceled?
#NAME#, can I do this process with my mobile phone?
It's just that I'm not exactly a hacker, kkk
Good morning!
Brazilian Portuguese: N
My #PRS_ORG# does not turn on anymore, I want to access my books via the app, however, I don't remember the password and my email changed.
How can I proceed to rescue my books?
the old email was #EMAIL#
The current one is #EMAIL#
I think that it was Sappiens do #NAME#
this
Brazilian Portuguese: many others
all my books are on this account
look, I buy books through #PRS_ORG# and they go into #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# pifou
I changed my email.
#EMAIL# was the company where I worked
Brazilian Portuguese: I don't have that email anymore and when I put forgot my password the password goes to that email
I want the password sent to my email #EMAIL#
Could you help me?
thank you very much
it would be great
the login email is becoming #EMAIL#
I forgot the password and this is what I get.
What?
this
okay, thank you!
shall I wait here?
ok
I already see it.
We did not find an account with this email address or password.
Check that you have entered correctly.
I put in the password and received the message
ok
OK
okay
it worked out
it didn't work
still without access
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: was the quw
hello
We can't find an account with this e-mail or password.
Verify if you typed correctly.
I log in with #EMAIL#
I put in the password and it does not work
I'll try with the #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: now came in, where do I locate the books?
I am on the website
I did not understand
on the website
i'll try here
thank you very much
qq thing is called new again
thanks for your attention
Hello, I was defining the billing address but there is no field for defining the fiscal number.
In this way, the invoice will be invalid.
Where can I set up my tax number for purchasing books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
am I talking to anyone?
in English is VAT number
There's no place for it.
and to have invoice it's mandatory to define the portuguese VAT number
ok, and how do I get in touch with you?
Can I send the request to any email?
Yes, VAT in English is IVA in Portuguese.
I noticed.
yes, what is your email ?
I'm gonna go buy a book now and try to ask for the receipt.
If you don't manage, I ask you
2 minutes
I finished the purchase
but now I need the invoice
Seems that now I am not speaking to the same person.
#NAME#, I spoke with your colleague before because I needed an invoice and there was no space on the site to define the NIF
I needed then the invoice for the purchase I made
I have just bought the book "Cronica de paixões e caprichos" by #NAME#
can send invoice with the data:
Brazilian Portuguese: NIF/VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: Address: #ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: City and Zip code: #ADDRESS#
Parents: Portugal
thank you very much!
no, it's just me
Good job!
Likewise!
#EMAIL#
I subscribed today.
I want to make my first purchase now
Hello
I am trying to purchase online but when it comes to processing, the screen is stuck and the purchase is not processed
is this a chat?
I already tried to make the purchase with different credit cards, different search engines, with the laptop and on the smartphone and even on the smartphone application.
Brazilian Portuguese: The screen remains blocked
I've tried from the smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and from this laptop from #PRS_ORG#
the laptop is personal
and the smartphone is personal too
I have no idea what VPN is
I have already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, on a laptop and on a smartphone and even on the smartphone application
Brazilian Portuguese: if there is no solution Ok
it must be a problem with #PRS_ORG# because I've never had this issue before
tried.
I cleaned cookies and other data.
and I tried to buy it again
It was blocked again.
they must have a problem
in processing
Credit card
I have already tried with a #PRS_ORG# and a #PRS_ORG#
I don't use #PRS_ORG#
considering all that I have tried the problem should be from #PRS_ORG#
Ok
Ok
Okay.
I'm trying
Brazilian Portuguese: still muzzled
Brazilian Portuguese: was blocked again.
when I make progress, some small bars start moving in a circle
indefinitely
How do I go to this "anonymous mode"?
I have never had any difficulty buying online
well... thanks for your attempts
good, i tried everything but didn't work
I think your website has problems processing payments
good evening
I will buy the audiobook from another site.
I am unable to sync #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# account.
It always says that the password is incorrect, even though it’s the same password I’ve used to log in to the site #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I receive the error when I try to log in.
Can
I answered the e-mail.
#NAME#
But that happens when I try to link the account
When I go to my account/authenticate account
Brazilian Portuguese: It opens the #PRS_ORG# account login and says that this is incomplete
Just a minute.
I am on the computer so that explains the delay
I am trying to capture the screen.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the option to insert the login of the culture doesn't show up
When I click to link, the account login #PRS_ORG# opens.
and this error appears
but the login that is giving the error is that of #PRS_ORG#
you've seen this same error before when opening the application
Dear Sirs, my books have all disappeared from ereader, how should I proceed?
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Another email that could have been used is:
#EMAIL#
Good morning to be born from #NAME#
It is a title: Book = Good Day to Be Born
This book disappeared just like many others about more than #NUMBER# books
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
author
Yes I bought now for test, but I had more than #NUMBER# books...
Is there any other way, #PRS_ORG# found all of my books but they couldn't transfer, they asked me to get in touch with you
Brazilian Portuguese: all bought
Possible emails are:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL# ( I don't have access anymore )
Thanks...
And now?
Brazilian Portuguese: I do not have access to the last email.
I can't LOG IN with #EMAIL#, then I can only see three books, do I have to log in with the email I don't have access to anymore: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but and then, when he asks for my password?
I have not used that email in many years...
It is possible to transfer to the account:
Brazilian Portuguese: #EMAIL#?
OK I am then waiting.
Thank you.
OK...
Brazilian Portuguese: OK, really thank you, big hug...
Not at the moment.
Everything is okay.
Thank you very much, have a good weekend.
Good-bye and good luck...
I bought two books a few days ago on the #PRS_ORG# site, but the book does not open and gives an error message: Opa!
That document could not be opened.
There is likely a problem with your file.
(I already synced and restarted the e-reader and it did not solve it)
#EMAIL#
Delta de Vênus (which I purchased a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Delta de Vênus and A casa dos budas ditosos
I could not find item 5
Visitor Uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would it be the logout item?
I did not find the way out
Okay
I'm definin'
I'm not remembering the password
I'll create a new one.
And then it is just a matter of synchronizing?
Okay.
He directed me to log in at #PRS_ORG#
Done.
I thought so.
She's logging into #PRS_ORG#
This means that if I buy books in another website I will need to do the same thing to be able to read them?
Sure.
To log in automatically, only if I purchase in #PRS_ORG#?
All right.
I was able to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations on your patience.
Where can I send a compliment?
No.
Good night and happy life.
:) Well worth it
Good day
I'm having problems accessing a book that I just purchased.
On the #PRS_ORG# program, on the computer and the mobile phone, it is not available in the library.
#EMAIL#
was today 11/02/#NUMBER#
exactly
I downloaded the application from #PRS_ORG#, I have :) #PRS_ORG# on the computer and Android on the smartphone
right
right
the book appears at the library already
Brazilian Portuguese: it is doing the transfer
yes it seems everything is okay with the book on the android device
ok
yes I already do that
my books is the library, right?
I clicked on the icon but nothing shows up
I can not find any profile icon
Brazilian Portuguese: no, it's not that...
#Portuguese#:#PRS_ORG# and a search window
not
I will send a picture is that okay?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah okay =)
I've already installed it.
and I am seeing that the last book is being downloaded automatically.
thank you very much for the help =)
No, that's it.
Thank you very much
Hi, my #PRS_ORG# is not functioning properly, the touch screen is not working.
#EMAIL#
the #PRS_ORG# Portuguese text is “one of the books I have on #PRS_ORG# is called 10% happier”
Brazilian Portuguese: it doesn't react at all
he normally powers on, charging but nothing works on the screen
no computer it is not possible to activate any command on the screen
Brazilian Portuguese: sure
ok
Brazilian Portuguese: only aura
I do not have access to wifi.
OK
I can't remove the cover
Is it the back side of the #PRS_ORG#?
a specific cover or something like that?
I am trying to remove the cover at the bottom
apparently you can't remove it
Brazilian Portuguese: it has not become any clearer, it's the same message
I’m trying to open the back but it’s really tough.
I don't want to force anything
right
How do I proceed to see the replacement possibility?
he was purchased in #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It is ok.
Brazilian Portuguese: right
thank you
I can't open my ebook on my computer.
I've installed your application and it's still not working.
It says it is synchronising and does not leave there
Good afternoon
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
I only have one ebook
I bought on Friday.
Introduction to Industrial Organisation
ZIP code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: what is the profile icon
I already did it.
The ebook is in my account.
She has always been there!
I can't open it.
I’ve done this all and it didn’t work out.
Who can I complain to and ask for a refund.
The message just appeared saying "Synchronization completed".
Brazilian Portuguese: and now?
How do I open the book???
It’s already open.
Very poor service!
Not
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/09/#NUMBER#
Endgame.
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# locks up every now and then. It happened, and I turn it off and reset it and nothing seems to happen
endgame
Portuguese: the screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes, it’s happening at the moment, no matter how much I turn it off and turn it on again, nothing happens
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect with the desktop application to make updates but since the screen is locked, I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the PC
today itself
Spent the morning charging
I'm going to try.
already on the setup instructions part
Brazilian Portuguese: the problem is that even though I touch the screen, I can’t do anything.
Brazilian Portuguese: it seems that the screen sensor is not working
correct
Is there no possible arrangement?
unfortunately #PRS_ORG# is no longer under warranty
Brazilian Portuguese: it is always when it's over that problems appear
and a partner, like #PRS_ORG#, won't find, will you?
to stay the same or worse (if possible) it is better not to
My #PRS_ORG# is #PRS_ORG#, which one of those now on sale will be the closest?
The discount you talked about, it would be how much?
Would there be a time limit to use the discount?
Brazilian Portuguese: if it does not bother you, thanks
when choosing the device i want, how do I receive the discount code?
Should I get back in touch with you?
okay.
thank you.
Too!
Yesterday, I made a purchase of a book (2/10/21) and after syncing my #PRS_ORG# several times, it is not loading on my device.
Your order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me guidance?
Best Regards, #PRS_ORG#/
Brazilian Portuguese: 11- #PHONENUMBER#)
The above: #EMAIL#
But I have another that is perhaps on the registration: #EMAIL#
Was there any data missing?
Because I received an email confirming this.
Thanks
option #PRS_ORG#?
I logged out and now, when I try to log back in, it says I must "Log in with #PRS_ORG#" — is this it?
The newly purchased book appeared, but many of the books purchased previously disappeared.
How do I access them?
It was books bought by the website of #PRS_ORG#
But then I need to keep switching between the #PRS_ORG# login and the store #PRS_ORG#?
ok
I didn't remember the password of #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it - sorry.
I tried to access and this page appears:
A #PRS_ORG# account already exists with this email.
Linking the accounts enables access to all the books in My Books.
Brazilian Portuguese: - that's when the option comes up to connect through #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG#.
I have not done anything so far
There is the "skip" option.
okay
jump?
I understood I had to jump before logging out and ended up logging on the #PRS_ORG# account - but I think it worked because I can see the previous books and the book I bought yesterday.
Question: If I buy again from shop #PRS_ORG# will it happen again (will I have to switch logins)?
Got it.
Last doubt: is it possible that I can only find an item in the #PRS_ORG# store and not at #PRS_ORG#?
I ask because when I was buying the book, I didn't find it in the bookstore, but I did find it in the #PRS_ORG# store.
But I now see that it's also listed on the bookstore's website (I perhaps made some mistake in the search).
ok.
Thank you for your attention and kindness.
Good morning.
Hi I sent a request for a link to recover my password and up to now I have not received anything in the email
#EMAIL#
I bought an e-book hj
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello.
Yes
I forgot my password
Yes
What should I do once I log in to #PRS_ORG#?
Right.
I already managed that.
But I have another two doubts.
Can you help me?
In fact, three.
The first doubt is if I change my phone can I install the #PRS_ORG# app again using only the #PRS_ORG# password?
Or do I need a password from #PRS_ORG#?
The second doubt is about the email that I have linked to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was instructed to create a private email for my personal accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Ok for the first question.
My third doubt is that I accidentally removed e-book I purchased and I can not recover it anymore.
Is it still possible to get this book back?
*i removed an e-book
Second question: that is why I am trying to log into the #PRS_ORG# site and since I do not remember the password, I cannot change my email.
Can you help me?
To sum up I need to reset the #PRS_ORG# password to change my account e-mail and try to retrieve a book I accidentally removed.
Brazilian Portuguese: *alter
I am with my cell phone.
Is it possible to do this operation without a PC?
* without an
But I know my password for #PRS_ORG#
I can only do this later.
I am just on my phone now.
What time does this chat stop working?
Okay.
I'll call you as soon as I get home.
Thanks.
I can't shop through a #PRS_ORG# card associated with my account giving a server error
#EMAIL#
I was not able to complete any purchase yet
Am I disconnected?
None, just tried to make purchases with the card and that was not possible.
The books that I tried to buy are in the shopping cart.
The message, in short, is server error, to try again later.
It is the message that before this contact was told by you.
Server error on card purchases with #PRS_ORG# - please try again later.
At your information stated that the problem had already been solved, which did not happen.
For this you had to leave the chat, which does not seem advisable.
I'll try
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There was a problem loading this page.
Please try again later.
Are you still seeing this message?
Go to #URL#
I’ve already tried but it’s not working because I can’t dump the image, but it’s the message that I receive.
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
It was the best I could do.
Exactly, with #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with the #PRS_ORG#, that I don’t even use anymore.
I receive the message only when trying to make the purchase.
I already tried to buy the books one by one and the result was the same
Anonymous, how?
I continue not knowing how to open an anonymous window
OK, what comes next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, and as I cannot carry out any purchase at this time, please let me know if this problem is a temporary one or it is just mine, or any other procedure I need to carry out.
Grateful
I am already thankful for all the cooperation and I hope not to regret being a client of #PRS_ORG#.
Thank you very much.
Continued hard work
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG#, AND THEY ARE IN MY CELL PHONE BUT NOT IN #PRS_ORG#, HOW DO I DO IT
#EMAIL#
12 FEBRUARY
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
It's 7 books. Hidden Star, One Day Maybe, Behind Your Eyes, Shadows of Summer, Do You Remember Me, A Place in Your Heart, The Disappearance of #NAME#
E-reader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Yes.
Yes
Connecting     Last sync on 29 Jan 21
You won't leave this screen
They entered, thank you.
Yes
Yes.
Thanks for the help
Perfect
No.
Okay.
Have a good day
Hello.
I have the app #PRS_ORG# on my tablet, logged into #PRS_ORG#.
I have an account in #PRS_ORG# too.
Each account has a specific password.
I just purchased an ebook on the #PRS_ORG# but don't know how to download it on the tablet's app.
#EMAIL#.
On the tablet, I only have a single book sample that was downloaded this month.
In #PRS_ORG#, I made the first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#).
okay.
#PRS_ORG#
I did it.
In the initial screen, only the sample I downloaded from the store of #PRS_ORG# is available.
The ebook that I bought at #PRS_ORG# does not appear.
Since #PRS_ORG#'s account is new, perhaps the problem is linking the two accounts - from the bookstore and #PRS_ORG#.
The same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
File type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a PDF copy.
Yes, the title is this.
Okay, the book was added.
Thanks.
Brazilian Portuguese: For the moment it's me by myself.
Thanks again.
Okay.
Good morning.
I bought a book and used my 4x discount card.
okay.
Good evening.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 18/02/#NUMBER#
Okay
this
In the extract there are 4 transactions
I didn't even get to use the product, as the purchase was just made
i would like to cancel the purchase.
by kindness
The magic of time management
By #NAME#
I can not since it shows on my husband's cell phone
The bank app is not named mobile
And I am accessing through my computer
I would like to cancel my purchase by law insured in the consumer protection code for kindness
If I change the screen will the chat close?
I am from the legal area and I am recording everything that is being talked
If I change the tab, will this close the conversation?
If I don't close the chat, I'll try sending it now
Only a moment
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
There were 5 transactions.
Two were cancelled and three carried out.
That's the most that I can send
I don't have access to the bank account
I only want a refund for one payment, not all of them
I do not want the product, it is my right as a customer
Okay
Thank you
You’re doing great.
Just.
Thank you very much #NAME#!!
Same thing!
Good day,
Today I made a purchase of an ebook #NAME#.
When I log into my account, in the purchases history option, my product shows up but my product doesn't appear in my library... how can I solve this??
#EMAIL#
19 feb #NUMBER#
Okay
If you check my library, you can see that the product is not there
however it is in my purchase history
I am trying to read on my computer #PRS_ORG#
the other books in my library I usually read
This one in specific “DOES NOT APPEAR IN MY LIBRARY”
on the internet
Brazilian Portuguese: more if he appears in the list of purchased products... why is he not appearing in my library...
#NUMBER# years
plus, what does this have to do with...
ah good...
ah yeah...
More just wish I could understand
Brazilian Portuguese: how does it appear in my purchase history with you
I need you to provide me with the product ID at #PRS_ORG# so that I can contact the partner
so, is all well then...
Thank you!!
was yes, but I always buy there
not very thank you!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day,
I have recently purchased a #PRS_ORG#, however, I am unable to connect it to my computer.
It just starts charging without any option to connect.
Greetings,
#NAME#
yes
And I've tried on more than one computer
yes
home page
Brazilian Portuguese: 4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I am doing what you recommended
In Windows no nothing appeared to connect to the computer and everything is the same...
the home page, on which there is a symbol that is loading
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: and it still the same...
Brazilian Portuguese: nothing appears
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try to set it up it tells me to connect it to the device when it's already connected
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: nd...
N, thank you anyway
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you and also
Good evening, I am having problems processing the payment.
Hi I am having trouble processing the payment
#EMAIL#
No purchases have been made so far
Hello?
But this process has been done several times
It appears that the information is correct and the transaction shows as “In Progress,” but then it stops loading and returns to the shopping cart.
Okay
At this moment I am trying to make a purchase again.
The situation remains the same.
The system processes transaction but returns to shopping cart
Repeat the same whole process all over again?
But I did it just now
It lets be I appreciate the help but it seems nothing gets solved even so
Initially I was doing the process in the E-Reader application, as it did not pass, I passed it to the #PRS_ORG# browser in incognito mode
And it continues in the same way
I'll do it and try again
No.
Continues on the same day.
I cleared my cookies and cache and, at the checkout, I re-entered the payment details
Brazilian Portuguese: keeps going back to the shopping cart without completing the transaction
I'm doing this in #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
On the mobile device, I made the attempts through the #PRS_ORG# app.
Everything's okay
The problem is not just that
I'm waiting for a response to the situation.
thank you for your attention
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# has not called
#EMAIL#
I don't know.
the device doesn't turn on
turns on the light of the screen
Brazilian Portuguese: the switch light blinks and nothing happens
Does not connect to the computer
Brazilian Portuguese: it doesn't do manual restoration...
#PRS_ORG#
yeah, but nothing has happened...
Already tried it with the device plugged in and nothing happened
also connected to the computer's usb... nothing happened
I think that is the email
#EMAIL#
This must be that email as the other one is professional and I only have it since recently.
#PRS_ORG#
For many years
Brazilian Portuguese: at least 5 years
Despite clicking the button for quite some time, it never completely switches off the screen and always remains with the #PRS_ORG# logo.
It never goes black nor does it give any other image
when I release the button the only thing that happens is that it blinks the light of the button, the screen turns on and... nothing else happens...
At this time it is connected to the USB port of the computer and I am pressing the button h+ for over a minute and nothing happens
Okay.
How can I make #PRS_ORG# glo synchronize/configure with the computer?
#EMAIL#
i don't remember, it was in store, but i bought it from eme el #NUMBER#
I had to reset the #PRS_ORG# and now it is not configurable by computer and not even by wifi
In wifi he starts and after he gets an error
ja on the computer it only loads
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it doesn't recognize the #PRS_ORG#
that
it was working perfectly before
yes, I tried the 6 doors and in an old laptop
he only loads
I also replaced the cable
when i put it in the computer it asks to download #PRS_ORG# desktop
just q he doesn't recognize it
I tried on the desktop right now, made a new account and it asked me to connect the cable, I changed ports and it keeps showing this error
how do I make this factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: he doesn't leave that screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: if I go back to the screen it asks me to choose language
There's no way I can reset it that way.
ok!
Brazilian Portuguese: then he's in that screen to set up and continues to give network error and connect to the micro just to charge
#NAME#
in #NUMBER#
worse is that he is not there, i even tried to put the clip in the reset hole
and freezes the screen completely
but thanks for your help, I will continue searching for some solution
okay! just that
Thanks.
I purchased the book #NAME# and didn't receive it on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Phone request #PHONENUMBER#-01
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# cinnamon and cloves
#NAME# cloves and cinnamon
I can only watch four chapters.
Brazilian Portuguese: pre visualização
ios
Brazilian Portuguese: o livro que aparece [e PRE-VISUALIZACAO
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
THE BOOK DOWNLOADED IN #PRS_ORG# HAS ONLY 4 CHAPTERS, TWO IN THE FIRST PART AND TWO IN THE SECOND PART.
THUS, IT IS INCOMPLETE.
Does "Sair" means "End session"?
Brazilian Portuguese: leaves.
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: go out and return
The book gabriela still incomplete.
Brazilian Portuguese: walks out
Brazilian Portuguese: come out
I am saying that goes out,
I will do it now.
Can I?
I logged back in
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#.
I did it with option #PRS_ORG#,
I am.
I tried with the login of the bookstore Cultura and the book #NAME# is still not available
I'm checking.
It looks like it worked.
thanks.
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you and have happiness
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: request number : #PHONENUMBER# I can't read yet.
Only the sample is showing up, it does not release the entire book.
#EMAIL#
February 23rd/2017 #NUMBER#
ok
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: always have access qdo compro facilmente
but this time this book only lets me read the sample and does not release all items
#PRS_ORG#
JUST THIS BOOK I BOUGHT TODAY EARLY IS GIVING THIS PROBLEM: THE MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
REQUEST #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
OTHER #PRS_ORG# IS ON.
#EMAIL#
Lupa da Alma, the end of alzeimer, Nietzech today
Brazilian Portuguese: it is possible.
But what about future purchases that I make, is this problem going to happen again?
thanks for the guidance.
how do I do it
Yes
I've played it before.
that the book I bought is no longer
can I return it to the library?
ok, I wait.
Perfect was successful.
Thank you very much for your attention and happy work day
My #PRS_ORG# has been reset and purchased books (except one) have disappeared, as have the PDF files.
How can we solve this?
Good day!
The e-mail address is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order number #PHONENUMBER#
Okay, great day to you too.
There is another e-mail, to which a receipt of the previous request was sent: #EMAIL#
#PHONENUMBER#
One moment, please
I am a bit confused, but it is the #PRS_ORG#, which I found in "About the #PRS_ORG#"
I met
#EMAIL#
Here we go: 1. How do I quit the account #PRS_ORG# and where: in #PRS_ORG# or in the computer?
; 2. how do I enter with a new email?
I’m sorry, but I am not too good at these modern things
I'm connected to the WiFi, but I don't remember where I configured it, although I think it's easier to do it through the computer
I am setting up via #PRS_ORG#
Then I reach a page that says: Log in with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it's visible but clicking does nothing.
I’m back now.
How the network went down, I don't know if you are online
Hello!
I bought some eBooks from the #PRS_ORG# website, but they won't show up in the #PRS_ORG# application.
I checked in "my books" on my account in #PRS_ORG# and there is only mentioned the books I have already acquired.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: today, 27/2, if not, 14/2
Portuguese: nao
It's ok
THE SECRET OF MY TURBAN
#NAME#
OR The Dutch house
it was another title.
one of them, because none of the purchased showed up
Brazilian Portuguese: total of 6
All the books that I've bought so far have been with this account, be it via #PRS_ORG# or another #PRS_ORG# (website)
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: Yes, wait a minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, of course.
Clear
That's correct.
yes
that
of course, it's the same one
correct
yes
1 minute
no, it's not that
#URL#
A moment
I just have 1 more that I bought right afterwards, I will send you the receipt
I did receive it, thank you very much
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #NUMBER#
This is it.
Do you know why you didn't directly come in the #PRS_ORG# ?
They are all available!!!!
Thanks a lot!
:)
empty it?
I didn't understand.
Yes, I understand
Thank you very much and have a nice day!
I understand.
Thank you very much :)
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive the email to reset my access password.
My email is #NAME#.
I placed the order online and the email never arrived, neither was it in the spam or trash folder.
I tried to access the site for Livraria Cultura and it reported that there are two accounts for the same email.
I had an old book in my account that I want to retrieve.
Thank you.
It has been a long time since I've done any shopping, a lot of time.
The book I was looking for was by Patrick O'oneal, if I'm not mistaken, "the surgeon's Mate"
I have, I tried by accessing via the #PRS_ORG# and by accessing direct via the #PRS_ORG#.
But informs you that there are two accounts with the same email.
I choose the option #PRS_ORG# in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
This message appears and does not let me proceed.
I have another email address, can you check whether it would be possible?
Brazilian Portuguese: the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access.
okay
Portuguese: he refuses the address, “Missing city information”.
and there's no field to enter the city...
Are there specific formats?
Even selecting Brazil first.
A Chrsitmas Carol
ok, he appeared, thank you.
Thank you very much.
If you could send the request to the top level to see if they can do something about it with my other account, I would appreciate it.
Okay, thank you very much for excellent service.
Hello, I received an email saying that I will lose my credits if I don’t pay for #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I have already asked and they have already blocked my account on account of me having comorbidity and being forbidden by the doctor from going to the gym.
How do I do it?
I am waiting for a reply
I understand but why charge if my account is blocked
I received this email
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello I missed the chat here
Hello, next, because I have a comorbidity I sent a request to block my account.
And in the meantime I changed the card and they tried to charge it and told me that I would lose credit
I cannot go back to the gym or the sport for medical advice
I need my account to remain blocked.
OK, but will the fine be collected?
Brazilian Portuguese: because I can’t go to the gym
I need a blockage to be made - I can't go to closed spaces.
by prescription
I #NAME#,
Thank you for contacting us about this and I apologize for any frustration here.
You should have received an email on October 29 notifying you that your subscription was cancelled on November 5.
Sorry if it went unnoticed!
Considering the circumstances, I was able to put your account back on an effective hold immediately for that cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of R$189 has been refunded to your payment method on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method may take longer to process.
Nonetheless, you should see that money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thank you for your patience!
As your cycle date is the 5th of each month, I also managed to put your account on pause for your next cycle from the 5th of December.
Your subscription will be renewed again on January 5th, #NUMBER# at the 30 credits per month for R$189/month plan.
You can make changes to your account at any time by going directly to your Account Settings.
I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any other questions.
Sincerely,
#NAME#.
this email that I received when I explained my situation
Good night.
Hello #NAME#, good evening
I went to a Zumba class at 7.30pm in gym #PRS_ORG# today but the credits have not been added to the gym.
Brazilian Portuguese: The class appears as canceled.
Could you please deduct the credits from my account for the gym?
When did that change?
Because on Tuesday the same thing happened and they regularized it through #PRS_ORG#
But the booking was cancelled at the time of the class.
This happened, probably because the manager didn’t send the link before, but I’m already part of the group on #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened twice and everything went well over the chat.
The school is located in a different country, I am unable to make the financial transfer to the school.
could someone help me?
Hello, how are you?
could you help me?
Could you help me?
another question: if I don't like it and cancel it before 14 days free, it will not be charged on my credit card, right?
hello
I am up to review
could you transfer por a brazilian attendent?
could I attend in Portuguese, pls?
Brazilian Portuguese: rs
but I want to choose another rate/value....dor less credits
I knos there is a smaller plan which costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Brazilian Portuguese: português
helloo
Just an option appears
Brazilian Portuguese: for 15 credits
Brazilian Portuguese: correct
#NAME?, Brazil.
I need help.
is that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on my login appers 14 days free
#NAME#, I have been here for some time now and I am not able to solve...rs
I wanted to reactivate my plan
but it is automatically set to #NUMBER#
and I wanted to reactivate it to #NUMBER# 15 credits
could you help me?
Another doubt:
Do I have a right to 14 free days' benefits?
in my login it appears
I can't change the cycle
Do you understand?
then #NUMBER# is automatically filled in
can yes
Brazilian Portuguese: one minute
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: follows
thank you
Hello, are you all right?
Do I need to reactivate my subscription to view the values?
Hello sorry.
May we come back to the chat?
Hello #NAME#.
How are you?
I would like to analyze all the plans of #PRS_ORG# x values
But I can’t find it on the website...
do I need to subscribe to the trial for a few days before getting access to that information?
okay.
thank you very much!
puts
I have not solved my doubt yet.
can you help me?
I'd like to reactivate it
My account right now
but it only counts automatic renewal of 30 credits...
I would like 15
can you look up for me how much a gym’s modability charges for credits?
Brazilian Portuguese: so I know how much I need to sign?
The studio I'm talking about is #PRS_ORG#
can you see that here?
thank you very much
It would be a massage session in the gym #PRS_ORG# located in Campo Belo.
our
all that.
RS
And for me to change the automatic redemption of my renewal.
I see that I might have 14 free days and 10 credits...
Can I cancel up to when there is no charge?
how much time before can I cancel to not have an overdraft?
hello!
I would like to take a break from my plan.
could you help, please?
hello well
I'd like to pause my subscription.
I have 25 credits left to spend
but I don't want to renew my cycle for now
Is it possible to use these credits even with the subscription pause, right?
Wonderful!
And I won't be charged during that period, right?
it's possible!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits I have?
I understood.
can I take a break for 25 reais, right?
I do not want to have R$#NUMBER# charged to my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
then I would like to know the best way for me to spend those credits and then cancel the account
I am at this page.
but the only option is one of R$35.00
Brazilian Portuguese: the other person who was attending me sent me the following msg
Now that the state restrictions have been lifted and billing has resumed, we are no longer offering the free 1-month pause plan as a plan change option in your subscription settings.
However, you can continue to cancel your subscription under our 0 "digital + credits accesses" / "credits accesses + digital" monthly credits monthly subscription plan at 0 BRL 25 #NUMBER# months.
Can you change it for me so it's only charged at £25.00, please?
I got it!
and then he keeps charging the 25,00 until I cancel the subscription, right?
Brazilian Portuguese: Okay!
If I make this change today, I won’t be charged #NUMBER#, but instead 25.00, right?
ta otimo
Thank you!
No, it was just that!
To you too!
I would like to know about the plans
Hello,
I noticed that I'm being charged on my credit card.
I've never used it, I would like to cancel and be refunded for the months I've been wrongly charged.
Brazilian Portuguese: hi
I want you to immediately cancel the charges on my credit card
I want to be reimbursed for the months that I was charged improperly
I'll sue them.
No.
I downloaded the app, didn't use it, and cancelled it
you charged unfairly
without my authorization
I don't want credits.
I want them to stop charging me
and I want them to return the money
was charged incorrectly.
even the app i had no more
I canceled my account before using it
i never used any class before.
I am dissatisfied, I want to cancel and I want back the money that you unfairly charged me.
Brazilian Portuguese: Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you
who am I talking to?
#NAME#
In addition to the prints of this conversation, I would like to register the agreement by email.
one week, right?
The #NUMBER#th of February you will return my money, right?
The copy I already have.
I would like an email from you saying what has been agreed here.
#EMAIL#
saying they cancelled and are refunding
do you have my account?
OK, thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: how are you?
no help whatsoever, I'm just keeping the email and receipts.
thank you
Good day to you too!
Hi, good evening.
How does one cancel?
Hello #NAME#!
Good afternoon.
Do you speak Portuguese?
A contact phone number?
I would like to hire and have some doubts
Do you offer individual plans?
Create a Personal Account (Individual)
Any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - rio de janeiro - Brazil?
I didn’t find it on the site
Not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
how sad.
Niteroi
I am in Brazil.
It seems that does not have, but I thank you a lot for your attention.
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving improper charges in the credit card
the charge is coming on the card of #PRS_ORG#
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
in Brazilian Portuguese: there is only this one e-mail
The charge was made in the #NUMBER# credit card, as shown in the photos
The card was canceled but the charge is still being made
Which email do we send to?
Good afternoon.
We are receiving undue charges on the credit card
the charge is coming from the card of #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous operator said that this email is related to the phone number, correct?
But no account was taken of you.
Okay, please carry out the cancellation and refund process
provide the refund procedure*
Just wait then?
Ok, will the money go directly to the bank account?
Since the card is canceled.
But if the card was cancelled, how will the refund be made?
Should I check this issue with the card administrator?
Okay, thanks
For now, that's all, thank you very much
Good morning
I received a #PRS_ORG# charge after the test phase.
I am fine.
#PRS_ORG# charge me after the experience period
Ok
Option 3
I tried to cancel through the app but it showed an error message.
In this case, will the #NUMBER# from my invoice be reversed?
How do I do the plan change, to #NUMBER# reais?
I would like to refund #NUMBER# real, and only use 99 real
This is giving an error
Do you have any phone that can talk to you guys??
Not yet
I just want to switch plans, and to receive the refund of #NUMBER# reais
Okay.
If I choose the 99/month plan, can I buy standalone credits?
If you miss a class
Okay
Charge me on the cheaper plan (99/month) and refund in part the charge of what was charged on the card bill
I have been attending a gym that my name has not gone through the system.
I made a request for it
Do you know if this matter has been resolved?
My yoga - #NAME#
Ok
I'll get in touch with the study
Thank you
Good morning
We need budget for benefits to our customers.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# can we schedule a meeting to talk about it
#NAME#
there is a telephone cantata
how can we arrange a meeting
Good day #NAME#!
I need a budget or schedule a meeting for the benefit of our customers.
