Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via email about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my whole team has been sold and packages have been purchased without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked...
I have already changed all my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified email address no longer exists.
to change my login details, I need to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
van NAME-F
That is good.
e-mail address: EMAIL
No?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
close the old one?
I can't find where to do that at URL.
I paid for a book, but didn’t receive it.
Can anyone get in touch?
EMAIL
2 January 2021
Title of book is NAME-M
Is anyone else there?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 Pass. 013
This is with the payment
It is in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
This morning, I bought the PRS-ORG (3 audiobooks by NAME-M, at €52, but I can't download them as sound files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please send a quick response, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player.
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it doesn't download anything.
If your information at the time of purchase was not so flawed, I never would have started here.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can ask the website managers to update the information?
That could help me in the future, if I should order something.
I have just logged out on advice and logged in again, but I still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader
When I try to pay, I am redirected to the payment method, which was never the case before. The letters are very small and unreadable, and then it asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
first delete everything via the website
re-enter and how to sync PRS-ORG
I do it with the e-reader
I will try again for now, thank you in advance. If it doesn't work, I will contact you.
I am contacting you regarding the interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can no longer access it).
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account is not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for that does not come in my mailbox.
Please add the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't access that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should have been: EMAIL
Really?
Aha! I'm going to try it right away.
Yes, I understand, temporarily, the entry through PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I just requested a w password.
Now it seems to work...
Yes, all is well!
That login screen from PRS-ORG is quite small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
Go and close.
I'm trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no option to download in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that be the cause?
The following purchase is concerned: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
we only have Now reading, View details, Mark as complete, Write review and Erase.
Why was this changed?
This was possible, as there are articles about this on the internet.
Then the trial period has failed.
I cannot open the book in my PRS-ORG app
September 5 2021
It is about PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I keep getting kicked out.
The other books I can open.
It's just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on an PRS-ORG phone.
I have
Yes!
!it works again.
Thank you
No.
I'm going to read.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Have a nice day
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
In the meantime
Really nice
I am banned from PRS-ORG, I saw today.
What about PRS-ORG points I bought from the Microsoft store from PRS-ORG?
Because when I contact them they say I should contact you
I want that money back.
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's talk about the PRS-ORG point purchases first
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with the helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
I can no longer log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working on it for years and would now very much like to continue/have it resolved.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please, then I will see if I can also get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
Already a few times, but then it doesn't work.
I created a 2nd account, it works fine.
I'm wondering if my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Would you like to reset it again?
yes, after a password reset, I managed to log in now, thanks a lot!
I'm now checking if my game is also there..
But my game is not in it.
Can you also help me with that?
Oh but I do see in history my orders.
Super, I'll continue watching.
Thank you!
no, in browser
I can now, again thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on "try again" I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Rebooting the playstation also doesn't solve the problem
Not re-downloading the app either
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only that discount I don't get it automatically yet.
Additionally, starting from September 22, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG.
I do need the PRS-ORG hub for that, right?
So, when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, I don't get an additional 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, although that should be the case.
How do I contact them?
And on September 22, I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation Store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to have my birth date changed
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You have helped me.
Not your colleague.
I gave it a bad bad review.
To you, I'll give a good one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I cannot access my transfer market on the web app.
Is going well thank you!
Thank you, my psn name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, on PRS-ORG I did have that.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played a lot of matches and that is also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches, it still hasn't worked out.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I cannot find the book.
I have already tried everything.
I then ordered another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I cannot find the book.
Have already tried everything.
After that I ordered another book and that worked out fine.
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number that is stated there is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's there
No that was all.
Thank you
I have an ereader PRS-ORG.
I installed on the e-reader the URL PRS-ORG abb.
I can't find it anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
Bought first ebook yesterday at URL: socrates on sneakers.
I've been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG?
How do I get my e-book on it?
As long as you have linked your account to your device: Which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
Is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and got an email from PRS-ORG saying that it is available
EMAIL
Hi, I have a PRS-ORG and I can't make contact anymore with a laptop.
I've tried several different cords and laptops, but it always says the same thing.. it says the USB device is not recognized and caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/sync on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much for the response!
Kind regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use the account for that
So I have the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
The e-reader has been reset in the meantime, but still it does not make contact with the laptop.
The reader shows that he is connected, but on the laptop it says that access has been refused.
USB device is not recognized...
PRS-ORG is not recognized by the computer.
already tried several things (other/new cable, other computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read online stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same issues
EMAIL
The title of a book is 'If you are so smart, why aren't you happy?'
thanks NAME-M, have a nice day as well.
I'll find out when you find my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not there
other computers also do not recognize my e-reader
have emptied the drivers and followed several advice I found on the internet
I use the supplied cable, and even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that either
my proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want an PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has decreased quite a bit because of this I notice.
Tried factory settings as well.
this problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting usb ports could still work
but I think contact with PRS-ORG is a better idea, because I don't have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves
Thanks.
I looked quickly, but it's not in there.
The USB ports work perfectly fine.
I contact PRS-ORG
thanks for your input
Thank you NAME-M
No, I'll continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
Same here.
ebook
365 Days Dutchman was the most recent ebook.
good evening.
I'll wait.
I formulate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had removed a number of purchases shortly after purchase.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of e-books that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 e-books via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my plus subscription.
So I assume that some of the e-books that are still visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still receive a refund.
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days further now and I have not yet received anything
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take your time
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% wasn't working
she indicated to just make the purchase and then I would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
Unfortunately, I have not received anything on my account yet.
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes fine.
I just wonder why you are going to refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication when it is debited, I will be more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
I am completely online and have purchased all the new e-books from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days, that's clear.
So by next Thursday at the latest
Thanks, you've helped me perfectly and have a nice evening.
Great, I'm going to fill that out
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
Okay
But I can download other books for free, for example PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
those 15 books are per month.
I have to delete read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Fix it?
I don't see repair.
done
I'm still paying for the recommendations.
I know not everything is in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you would assume that you can download it for free.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it to load.
It indicates the following: Cannot load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
However, I didn't delete anything.
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game, though.
But of course, I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I just can't load it.
It says the following: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game is saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, I have not deleted anything
And this is for all my saved games.
I can start a new game.
But then I of course lose my progress.
I don't know if I fully understand it.
So I start a new game.
Then I'll save.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a moment please
It takes a long time to type
To play certain games, I have to sign in with an PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says it's already in use.
That's right,  there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't continue.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thank you very much for the help.
I will see if I can manage it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
I had the choice of UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/numbersup NAME-M.
I naturally wanted to take this NAME-M.
But because I first checked his player data, my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness, so I already have difficulty seeing which pick I designate anyway.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and this just jumps back.
I'm really bored with this now.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but there is no player name in that, I think?
I did take a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if this can serve as proof here?
Unfortunate.
Just find it very remarkable that I'm on NAME-M, I look at his player bio.
Back and then press X to choose this player, the choice suddenly changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn't matter. Although I have to admit that when selecting and selecting 'yes' again the mistake was on me.
But by then the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if nothing can be proved.
Very unfortunate this
Yes you can do that.
And what could be the consequences of this?
Ok
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
ring-a-ding-ding from NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also recommended this ... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I did see there that my subscription has expired since March 14, 2018....!
Tried to log in via URL and get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that my subscription has been terminated somewhere because the financial data was incorrect ...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020 the last debit was taken.
Not that I know of.... In August 2017 I purchased the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9.99 per month.
After half a year, it turned out that I had a subscription at both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG ... don't ask me how that could happen ... but 1 subscription was canceled.
I have then faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
The last debit was on December 14...
December 14 2020
So activate it again at PRS-ORG?
I'll try it.... thanks in advance for your help....... if it doesn't work I will sign up again!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I tried to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it is written off, but it is not in my account
Can you make sure it comes in my account?
thanks in advance
OK?
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be it
It's in my account
thanks!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but it will be fine
thanks for the help already
no, it's all good
thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Wasn't I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL, and the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last email address will soon expire.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that there is URL listed.
Correct.
And on the e-reader under settings (so the device) EMAIL .
This last email address expires soon and should also be changed to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, is it important that PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the e-reader device?
I do not understand.
Do I have to log out of the old email address in the subheading PRS-ORG at settings / accounts on the device?
And then?
What do you mean by MY EMAIL ADDRESS NEARBY?
Do I also have to sign out from the pocket section?
And, on Adobe, the withdrawal of the authority is now with the old email address as well.
Will that be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I am really a digibeet
And am I at risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I didn't get a confirmation email but the amount was reserved in my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did get this book
Attached is proof of my payment
Thank you for your answer.
These are the two books.
See photo above
Can't you also see in my account that I didn't get those two books?
- Date on which the costs were charged: June 7 2023
Amount: €24.98
- Postcode (from the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details on the pictures below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of the cardholder: PRS-ORG
On May 6 at 20:05u I bought the book The seventh sister , but I can't sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I also do not see it in my account from PRS-ORG recruits.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that a puppy in the house
I can't find the date directly
Yes
Find it..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03h
I will do that
I found the book!
:) Thank you so much for the quick help!
No, it is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I'm NAME-M
Can you help me solve my problem?
Did you see my screenshot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I can't connect to the servers.
I've been having trouble with this for a long time now..
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot of my status.
it remains on gray and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc myself.
But I was hoping to be able to use my account in both places.
It's a shame (unfortunate) if I now have to start all over again.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh what a pity.
Do you know if that can happen in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress anywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your reply and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account in a long time.
I wanted to log in now but I can't.
The verification code that is sent goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgot password option but I didn't get an email from here.
*Not even for unwanted
I have tried that, but I have not received an email about it.
When I want to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account on that email address
But can I create a new account on the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so that I can create a new account on my email?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code.
I am NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
definitely.
the code is PRS-ORG
It was years ago, I think in a toy store
Bought new anyway
That's fine, I'll wait a bit
This seems incorrect to me.
The code has not been sold as a time-limited code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because at home, installing it on the PC doesn't work.
So we haven't gotten to entering the code yet.
I especially bought a stand alone DVD player for this game this week!
I'm going to try that for now.
Do you want to wait a little longer?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That would have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hi NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and can't get the game we bought new ourselves installed.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription was cancelled before renewal, so the reminder is not due.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already canceled it before the renewal.
But now I receive a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated
Yes, by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription, I have nothing else going on
PRS-ORG Read &amp; listen, 2021 to 2021
1
€12.99
but I had already cancelled it for this period
Ah ok, they referred me back to you
but I will contact them again
thank you for the effort.
I understand
no, that was it
thanks, still working
Yesterday I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid this through PRS-ORG and it has been debited, but I have not received an e-book.
Ordered via phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my e-reader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps like turn off and so on.
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader sorry
Thank you my day is going great
If I leave the chat, will it disappear?
Have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 account number.014
It's on there!
Super thanks.
Best regards and have a great day
Hello, I have an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official hoejse with which it goes into sleep mode la it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I opened it (it has not fallen, it has not moved and nothing has appeared on it.
It was also not wet) the screen looked strange.
In sleep mode, you can read at the top, then you can see part of the book in stripes and triangles, the cover, and somewhere it still says "94% read" in a vague way.
There are also vertical lines visible.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then it remains to be seen on the screen, but when I turn it on again, something changes on the screen as if it is going to turn on, but the explanation picture at the top remains on continually.
What can I do and how is this possible after only one year??
Hello,
EMAIL
And it's the PRS-ORG according to me
Excuse for the late response.
Here is the picture of the screen.
The device has already been rested, have already reset it, etc. But continues to show this without any reason.
Good evening, ah that's strange.
I'm sending it as a pdf now, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased e-book has not reappeared in my library.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Great!
Thanks.
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
Book is in by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it next time via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
And have a good evening!
Thanks and will do.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account cannot be found according to the login tab
Which is very unfortunate, because there is quite a bit of money in it
Can this be put back?
Yes
My account doesn't exist anymore
EMAIL
Or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M, don't you know that yourself, man?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
So, you guys made Knock out city free but I paid for it.
Okay so, I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euros.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I had to contact you.
Yes, ok, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however I can't access the web app right now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I then login at 23 in web app?
But I've played PRS-ORG for years, just not 22.
You have all the information, right?
Hmm, then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the webapp earlier, so I doubt if I will get it then
Hmm too bad there's nothing to do about it, then I'm not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in.
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that is called like that
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I'm not getting that
is correct, in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you!
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
Is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I will try that then
thanks in advance
that's fine, I also wish you the best
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oh dear, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
I had the problem that I didn't get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserve now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was on Netherlands and then there was the option of adding it, but it said I had to go to the store in Belgium (I am also in Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine have it in their library already to
Already pre-loading on September 21.
But I can't add it.
This is because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the gaming sector for purchases.
Because for example
In Belgium you cannot buy PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to make sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I'm paying for it.
That PRS-ORG is made especially for that...
Okay.
I'll see
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone in person.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have communicated thousands of times that I did not commit any violations.
This has been communicated to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I please call someone?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
To no avail…
I'm really getting discouraged
Thanks, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there any phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thanks!
No, hopefully with this issue...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just had something weird happen, I don't understand.
I log into my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG listed.
Is no longer in my library
how can this be?
Right, but I just log into PRS-ORG and there I see it.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see that
EMAIL
No, fine like this then.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well but I'm really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and redirected my budget.
I can now start all over again and I am a passionate amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
So currently there is a strange email address attached, as shown in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it properly secured with 2-step verification, I already changed my PSN password.
Only I cannot access the PRS-ORG account, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem earlier.
However, I got a call, which caused my contact to terminate the conversation.
But now I am present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to has apparently ensured that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just stays "loading" with a clock
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you and continue working on them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
My case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I've been waiting for more than a week now, and I wonder how long this will take.
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn't take that long
Can you check how much longer?
Because I am always told to wait but no time indication
1 week was said that is now 1 week
And you cannot see how long this will take?
Because why does your colleague say 1 week first?
I'll assume it now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being granted to me.
PRS-ORG
Said
I was never told very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So now I have to wait another week?
Why isn't this communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you will have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Waiting
And do nothing and just wait
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I forgot my password.
I have logged out of my account, so I can't do anything now
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
via e-mail, or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just don't have access to it here
Yes, that's right. Over the years, I created a new email address and forgot to change it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
All right
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
I reboot
It turns out that the package I got out of that sbc sold quickly
and Of course you understand that I would never sell that if it is not tradable
Yeah, I would just like to get my price out of that sbc.
I also added photos of what the package looked like.
ALPHANUMERICID is my nickname
and my email address is I think  EMAIL
and otherwise my old one is this EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I have tried everything I found on the internet but nothing works
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take?
because I preordered the game but haven't been able to play it yet
And I would like to play but this is not possible
okay
Thanks for your help I'll just wait and see
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I purchased PRS-ORG coins on January 1, but they have not been deposited in my PRS-ORG account.
I followed all the steps from logging in but nothing helped.
I am afraid I lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay, and then
But they say contact you
Okay, thanks, I will.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
dear sir/madam
I used to play PRS-ORG on my Playstation, but now that it has become cross-play I have purchased EAPLAY PRO so I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start on ultimate team with the web app only I am automatically logged into my PRS-ORG playstation account what I do not want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now i have removed my playstation account on PRS-ORG because they are no longer linked and now i can't log in to the web app at all
thank you
no, I have never played on pc with PRS-ORG, but I am in the process of pre-loading PRS-ORG
Okay, so this is because I've never created an ultimate team on PC?
So if I do this when the game comes out, can I use the web app completely?
well crap that I now miss many coins :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question regarding an update of a already open request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
At that point it was said that a specialized team was going to investigate this and that it would take approximately 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there was possibly an update since I still have not received a response/compensation or the like for my "loss".
EMAIL 😊
The past week, it indeed stated every day that the status is updated and remains under consideration.
Of course, it is a bit annoying when you don't know exactly what still needs to be done or how far they are in doing it.
Hopefully so, the desire to play the game has been far less the past week
In any case, thanks for the effort.
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals.
I'm not able to access the server at all.
But I created a new PS5 account, and it works on it.
the same for all my friends, they can also play rivals
I've already done a restart and all the help available online.
but unfortunately nothing
and it's been like this all day now so I'm not going to be able to get any rewards tomorrow either
correct
great!
Thank you very much in advance
I have received a market ban, I am currently considering this, but this should have nothing to do with rivals?
okay, so it's not weird that another account can access rivals?
can I also be with you for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
ok, great, i'll do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
but should I worry about my divisions?
that it will be resolved?
We're pretty sure about that?
great, thank you in advance!
have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat, he disconnected.
My controllers provide a lot of resistance at l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I have reset them but that does not help
My controllers provide a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play.
Where can I find the controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if there is anything I can do about it; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I possibly can use something from a memory card or something; which allows the game to play at normal speed.
I look forward to hearing from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay in it.
Which means that you will be faster, for example in
ends up on the guard rail instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah, they are pretty high now (you mean screen mode, etc.?
Oh awesome, thank you!
No, I think you've answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thank you
Hello, I bought a book and put it on my e-reader through synchronisation.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but it cannot be opened on the e-reader.
How can I solve that?
EMAIL
I think February 14
Oh no, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That's nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work, get in touch.
Okay, I'm going to work on it now
Successful!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
On Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
Got them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Also not in the purchases.
Discussed with a colleague of yours earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crossroads is doing it.
I'm also checking the second book.
It does too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for fast service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That's certainly a half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among others, the handbook.
Well, I subscribed for 10 euros per
month.
At the moment I don't need it, but it's completely unclear to me how I can end it.
I've been endlessly searching several times.
Yes.
I think that's very nice.
Perhaps I will return to PP after some time, but I am not using it now.
Very nice!
And it was handled smoothly.
Thank you…
No, fine.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription through PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but can't open them I get a message that this document cannot be opened what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
5 January
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Okay, I'll try, thank you, I hope I can figure it out
Thanks, have a good afternoon
Yes I'm a computer illiterate, it may take a while.
Great, it's working now, thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the little symbol of the light and I can't get rid of that.
I also can't find how to do that.
Please help me.
EMAIL
No.
It's not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed on something
That did not help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a dash in my light symbol?
Is there no simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987, from Enschede
I have been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both, I invest a lot of time and money every month.
Without notice and reason, my PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked
A request was created yesterday, but now it says "resume" that request, so I'm curious if that will work out.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I have done nothing wrong and that my trust is gone and I am actually planning to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued playing while PRS-ORG's crashes caused me to miss out on items and FP points.
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long is this going to take?
I'm pretty much done with it.. not after you, but about the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'm waiting a bit, but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I think that's too risky if a block is suddenly set on it.
Okay, I'll do that.
Hopefully they will act on it soon
Thanks for the nice and good help
Take a nice day as well.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
i would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I created a new email on the PRS_ORG app, which allowed me to access it.
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account.
So I must have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
Well, it's really like this
I just can't send proof
sorry sir
Looked wrong
it is EMAIL
That's it
sorry for the mistake
Alright
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you earlier because my account was hacked.
That has been fixed in the meantime.
Only the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he indicated that he could help restore this
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has now repurchased them, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I'm explaining everything correctly because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the time before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I have received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my son plays that
No, that's not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email, which I no longer use.
That's why I can't change it
Yes I want to change it
My old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account doesn't need to be restored, only my email address, please
Great, I received a code via email. Can I now use it to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thank you so much!!!
Good morning, Monday I bought a book through my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oeps!
This document could not be opened.
Something may be wrong with the file".
I've done sync more than once but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
is correct
downloaded via the site,
recovery, purchase through the site
I am busy with it now, but it takes a while to see, I have to find a wifi password.
If it doesn't work that way, I'll report again.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
Successful!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can proceed.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello I have the ereader from my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card there
EMAIL
I can't log into her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account.
Yes, indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I can't get into her account.
Nobody knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account.
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't really understand what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I can't get into it?
That I could otherwise change yesterday on the e-reader.
I can't find those details anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, does it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it from her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
That will help me enormously
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer being used.
All right.
Thank you.
Get it sorted right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot the PRS-ORG, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up the ww password.
link copied to browser and then I can't proceed with nw ww setup, how does it work further?
EMAIL
nothing is in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
okay, I will stay online
Exactly
Then I come to the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I get out of the PRS-ORG help screen reconfigure ww account
Yes, I'll do that right away.
Done
I was able to change the WW, thank you very much for that.
Now I am going to see if I can find a list of grace e-books on PRS-ORG
thank you again for your help.
PRS-ORG is unable to open purchased ebook.
it is on the device, but it says it can't open this document.
I restarted and downloaded it, but it's not opening it.
Also placed directly on the device via URL does not work either
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
nice
I don't have the option to sign out from PRS-ORG
ok, I did
Purchased and paid for audiobook.
Nothing in the library.
Went something wrong.
It was also the case last time.
EMAIL
Today, just now even
I did not receive the latest purchase, no.
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and enter my details
Book by NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
That's my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person has not received it yet but I have already paid 20 euro.
I have not received a confirmation myself.
Can you find out what goes wrong?
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that's strange because the money has indeed been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No that was all, thanks. Have a great weekend.
ordered 2 books last night - due to an error, I was charged twice - 2 x 10 euro and did not receive anything, does not seem right to me, please help me with this
EMAIL
The last one was on January 16, 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books, on the 7th of February.
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer for 2 for 10 euro
I bought the last two last night
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: Application/pdf
Size: 70643
Just have to cut and paste
toppie books are in
Thanks for this great service.
We are happy again.
no my day is good again thank you so much once again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday through the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy.
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 Card no.017
Okay thank you.
The book is on it now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
