Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?
You closed the discussion before I could even respond
Ok
I just told you that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a receipt from the purchase
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is as follows:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG reseller
So you are affiliated with them
That is why you are the most qualified to handle this refund
Yes, but since you are affiliated
Yes, but since you are affiliated, you can handle this for me.
Yes
I will inquire with them and get back to you if necessary.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
my problem is that my account
my problem is that my account was linked to my PRS-ORG account
so I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to play PRS-ORG on PC
Yes, that's it.
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes or recover my PRS-ORG team companion
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello
I just started a FIFA Ultimate Team match and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you a picture
Hello, I just started a match in Fut Champions and the match is stuck on the opponent's team. I can even send you a picture.
Hello,\nI just started a match in Fut Champions and the match is stuck on the opponent's team\nI can even send you a picture\nare you there
I am in a match in Fut Champions and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
EMAIL
For your information, I am still in the match with the opponent's team, and I don't want to leave the match for fear of losing it.
But if I quit the game, won't that make me lose?
It's okay, I didn't lose the match, have a good day
Thank you for your help
Hello,
For the past two days, when I try to make a purchase, I am unable to access your website.
Hello,\nFor the past two days, when I try to make a purchase, I am unable to access your website.\n\nAn error message appears: server problem.
Hello,\nFor the past two days, when I try to make a purchase, I am unable to access your website.\nAn error message appears: server problem.
Audio book: The confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: The Abbey of a Hundred Sins
My phone in general.
Then I sync it to the e-reader.
Except for the audio books that I listen to on the phone
Darn it!
What is it then?
Okay.
You are going to find me very stupid, but until the day before yesterday, everything was working.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to look for this VPN?
I will try to do what you advise me.
If it doesn't work, I'll get back to you.
Good evening.
Sincerely
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
I had to resort to account recovery this morning with one of your colleagues
I reset my email this morning, everything is fine and working.
I have, however, just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
and I apparently need to communicate it to an advisor
Since I am very afraid of not being able to access my account again, I am panicking a little
yes, I'm just wondering why they're asking me for it since I already had one to reset the email and everything is working now
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid that they will start over with a mail reset when I don't need it
So thank you, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello everyone, I had an account problem, my game code was already used, but it's okay, I found the right account, but the problem is that I want to install it by downloading it and not with the CD, because I don't have much internet and a bad connection, so it's a struggle.
how do I do it so that it installs from the CD
because then I have 1 day of downloading
The game is PRS-ORG
on PC
it directly went into downloading mode
without me putting in the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I opened my account and put in the CD, it wanted to download it
where is it then, because it wants to download it to install it
Yes, but it will take me a whole day to download it because of my poor connection.
I want to install it from a CD and not from a download
Via chat
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents? {ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello!
I would like to receive emails from you in French, not in German.
is that possible?
In addition, I received emails stating that my account had been verified, but 3 months later...
Yes
I do have the language set to French on my dashboard.
but I receive all communication in German
Yes
super, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I wanted to order a terminal earlier, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information again?
I wanted to go back to remember the price to pay but it was impossible to find this information afterwards..
Currently, no, I am on the support page.
(everything is written in Italian, it doesn't help haha)
Alright, very well then I will make a new order!
That will be all for me!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
Hello
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
we have uploaded all the documents
thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration and it is not working anymore
Yes, I will download it again.
I just did it
I have replied to the email
Please do the necessary quickly.
This is a big loss for us...!
for you too..
ok I understand, but how long will it take
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello
Hello, I made a request for a change of bank details and I wanted to know when this request would be effective?
it is a professional account for a company
Yes, I am still here.
I am contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand
How should I proceed then?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I did not make
You have just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic receipts for PRS-ORG **** have been deactivated.
You can reactivate them during your next purchase from a PRS-ORG merchant.
No
I don't remember
My grandson had the phone for a little while, maybe a payment for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection issues.
The "3G Mobile Data" connection type has been activated, but even when we move around the office, the connection does not work.
Moreover, the battery level changes from one second to the next, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to get a new terminal.
Would it be possible for you to take the necessary steps?
Thank you for your cooperation and best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the address:
Municipal Commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be charged?
Will this terminal be charged for, or is it free?
Thank you for your efficient and good collaboration
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by email at EMAIL or by phone at PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and best regards.
No, that's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
Yes
I have a problem with the transfer limits
I need to send €158,100 to my notary
for the acquisition of a plot of forest
I just learned about the transfer limits
For the moment, I have €59,975 in the account that I would like to transfer to the notary as quickly as possible.
I am referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
In addition, I am waiting for €100,000 to be deposited into the account that I was supposed to receive
these days
and I should make a second transfer of 98,125 €
I can pass on the notary's call for funds to prove all of this to you.
I tried to transfer €59,975 yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because you don't know how to code a game
I started a draft in the first round, 0 minutes into the game, the opponent disconnected and I took the loss
My first name is NAME-M
an angry user
Yes, in the meantime, I even did another draft to see if it was me who was causing the bug
huh?
But is this a joke??
Well, you're actually useless, you're just incapable, like every time I have to deal with you, in fact.
It's always the same thing, do yourself a favor and screw me, I can't do anything for you
So, I have to disconnect from the game for 1 hour and I might get a draft token?
So, in addition to screwing me over, I have to stop playing the game for 1 hour?
You are geniuses, keep it up, you are on the right track
Yeah, as usual, there's nothing to do, but thanks anyway.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example, "How can I change my email address?"
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.\n🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer still hasn't arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Alright
Unfortunately, I am unable to access your payment frequency.
You can, however, view it in your account settings: URL.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Alright, thank you
So for today or tomorrow, is that correct?
Yes
Alright, I will wait then.
Everything is good, good luck to you
I would need a panel for my living rooms
NAME-M_TEXT: So what can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
panel showing the PRS-ORG
I would like to speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant for PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help if you have any questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to know if it is possible to receive a small sign indicating that I have a PRS-ORG
and that my customers can pay by credit card
No
That's not it.
when I am at the market, I had a little sign that indicated that here you can pay with a blue card
but it was stolen from me at the last trade show
I would like to know if you could send me another one
a display
please
If possible, 3 that can be placed on my stand
not the ones that stick
Mrs. Amandine Vozel, 3 lot la cour du bois, 17260 Saint Andre de Lidon
No, that's kind, thank you, have a good day.
Hello, the payment link is not working
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example "How can I change my email address?"
Hello, the payment link is not working. So, what can I do for you today? In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time. Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service. 🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
Remote cashing
I'm sorry.
Could you please specify what type of transaction this is?
Hello, the payment link is not working. So, what can I do for you today? To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time. Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service. 🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?" Remote cashing I'm sorry. Could you please specify what type of transaction it is?
These difficulties can occur for various reasons.
In order to find out which one applies to your situation, I will connect you with a human colleague.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link doesn't work, it asks me for the terminal every time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it didn't work, so I created a QR code for 300€
I don't understand why the links are not working
Could you tell me the reason, I have no answer
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake
Thank you very much for your response and quick reaction.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I am contacting you because PRS-ORG has withdrawn 950,000 credits from my PRS-ORG ultimate team
I contacted you because PRS-ORG withdrew 950,000 credits from my PRS-ORG ultimate team account. I don't know the reason why, since the credits I had were earned through players I got in packs. I have sent the photos.
And by doing buy-resell.
I would like to get my credits back, it's a huge amount!
I contest the sanction!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I have never done anything illegal!
And everything else I earned myself.
And PRS-ORG took everything away from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, I don't have anything displayed
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never violated the PRS-ORG rules
Yes, I would like that, thank you, because it is a huge amount!
Thank you
So I don't do anything else?
I'm just waiting for a response by email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I sent proof by photo before starting this case with you
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thank you, so here's the thing, I've encountered a problem for the 2nd time in Draft mode online on PRS-ORG
In fact, I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (so money) and I decide to start a match
and as soon as I am in the game, I am disconnected
Surely cheaters
but this is the 2nd time since I started doing drafts
and I'm starting to get tired of being cheated like this
I would like a refund of the points
Alright, thank you.
No worries.
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you can't fix this problem
So you are going to refund me
I paid
and I lost money
So now I want a refund
it's not normal to do that, the players of your game lose money because of cheaters
and you won't refund?
find a way to refund me
I will not leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?
Hello,
I have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it is already valid on PlayStation
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nNAME-M\nHello,\nHey NAME-M, nice to meet you.\nI hope you are doing well.\nMay I know the issue to assist you better?\nI have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG\nI also play on PC via PRS-ORG\nwhy do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it is already valid on PlayStation\nCertainly I can help you with the available information on membership\nafter checking my resources.\nDo you play game on PC using PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG client?
PRS-ORG is also installed
so in summary the problem is PRS-ORG
So, in summary, the problem is that the PRS-ORG subscription is multi-support?
If I have a subscription via PlayStation, should it be valid on PRS-ORG?
or not?
No, you don't understand.
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but no longer valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log into my PRS-ORG account online, resetting my password does nothing, and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, I am told that an account with this ID already exists.
However, downloads are working normally from my e-reader.
Hello and happy new year 2021,\nI can no longer log in to my PRS-ORG account online, resetting my password does nothing and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, I am told that there is already an account with this ID.\nHowever, downloads from my e-reader are working normally.\n\nCould you help me?
Hello and happy new year 2021,\nI can no longer log in to my PRS-ORG account online, resetting my password does not work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, I am told that there is already an account with this ID.\nHowever, downloads from my e-reader are working normally.\nCould you help me?
Subject: Hello and Happy New Year 2021,\n\nI can no longer log in to my PRS-ORG account online, resetting my password does not work, and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, I am told that there is already an account with this ID.\nHowever, downloads from my e-reader are working normally.\nCould you please help me?\nBest regards.
No, since I can no longer access my account, but I just found two small invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement.
I purchased my e-reader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
Received and it works; my last two small paid purchases indeed date back to February 16, 2020, the amounts are the same as on my statement.
That's good, I just logged in under Edge and under PRS-ORG and added your homepage to my favorites.
Case closed, thank you for your help and have a good Sunday.
Thank you, just a purchase suggestion: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder, but in the paperback format that has just come out, so it's cheaper than the large format that came out in 2018.
That's fine for me.
Have a good day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
I am unable to play the PRS-ORG game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nI am unable to play the PRS-ORG game\n\nUpdate impossible ALPHANUMERICID
Lucas, hello and thank you for your help
We have already returned the PRS-ORG game once. Today we are trying a new one and it is the same.
We tried it on two consoles, PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG One S, with no results.
Yes
We also tried to reset the console to factory settings, but it didn't work.
update impossible 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
when I go to manage the game on update there are none available
Yes, we have had this error code for 4 days
There is a problem with the update, every time we try to put the game back on the console, it freezes.
ok thank you
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
Via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I requested via email that an "employee" email address be deleted so that I could reuse it on another account.
Your colleague told me that it was not possible, even though it was done for another address the day before.
I haven't heard back after my 2nd message.
So I should receive news quickly?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a good day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thank you.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Robert, I can't make online payments
transaction failed
Your deposit request has failed or been cancelled.
It is really urgent, if possible to solve the problem today, thank you.
No, thank you.
Have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
as usual every month despite the fact that I have recovered my twich prime pack
I didn't receive it in the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nAs usual, every month, despite the fact that I have received my Twitch Prime pack,\nI have not received it in the game.\nHey there!\nI will definitely check the details for you right now and look to help you with the missing PRS-ORG pack issue accordingly.\nPlease share your PRS-ORG account email address and also your PSN ID.
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the EMAIL address
and despite the fact that I have linked my PRS-ORG account and my Prime account MANY TIMES, I feel like every time there is this problem of two separate email addresses
Well yes, I made the recovery request and it said "recovery successful"
So the problem is on your end, not mine.
and in the previous months, the person I had via chat generated the pack for me
So I think there is more of a competence issue
I didn't log in on the console
only on the app
Alright, thank you.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Via chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 11:00 PM, all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID card and my registry extract yesterday at 17:00
My business registry extract
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
We need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents as requested directly into my profile.
Yes
Alright, I will contact you again around 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be adjusted?
human
NAME-M_TEXT:Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, it's great to see you again! How can I help you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if we can buy the sum up 3g without the printer
because the price is very high
I want a second pro card
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
and?
There's nothing.
Hello, my latest book "these essential goods" is malformed.
It becomes unreadable towards the end: overlapping characters and misplaced accents.
It's too frustrating, I would like a refund, thank you.
I'm resuming this chat that started too late on Sunday night, I had to go to sleep.
Hello, my latest book "these essential goods" is malformed.\nIt becomes unreadable towards the end: overlapping characters and misplaced accents.\nIt's too painful, I want a refund, thank you.\nI'm resuming this chat started too late on Sunday night, I had to go to sleep.
"ces biens essentiels" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed or if the problem is just with my e-reader...
I can take photos, but not right away.
For me, it's around page 294, but it varies depending on the font size.
In any case, it's around 75%
Of course, because I am not available for more right now
That suits me perfectly, thank you
Thank you, have a good end of service
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
Speak to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
How can I help you today?
Hello NAME-F, a client paid me via a link and I can't see the payment
Hello NAME-F, a customer paid me via a link and I can't see their payment
yet debited from his account
Yesterday
it says accepted in my transactions...sent on my links...but not paid
ah ok thank you, how is it that it was not immediate as usual with payments via link
In principle, as soon as the payment is made, I receive a notification of the transfer.
have things changed?
Reconnect to the website and not the app?
ok thank you..
Have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello
Yesterday evening I started a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my online draft team
When I started the first match, the change never happened
After waiting 30 minutes, I turned off the console and turned it back on.
The game tells me that I left the game, so I lost my token and now I have a handicap in future matches for abandoning
Can you fix this?
Are you still there?
Thank you
Thank you for your response, I already tried that last night.
But the application tells me that I am not eligible
That's quite scandalous, I must say.
I spent 2 hours on the game for this.
Yes
Thank you
I am waiting for your news very soon
platforms
I haven't made any purchases and I don't have any audiobooks.
My Liseuse was purchased in September.
Yes, thank you.
Since yesterday, I have been trying to add books from my Adobe to my Liseuse.
But it always tells me that I am not authorized.
I removed all my permissions and then put them back, but nothing changed.
I have followed all the steps I found on your website, but it doesn't work.
The error message I get on my ereader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
Having previously deauthorized your ereader, you must reimport it using PRS-ORG Digital Editions (ADE)
But it is authorized everywhere on my computer and on the ereader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I have had my ereader since September.
In December, I contacted you for the same issue.
It's just that in 1 year, this is the second time I've had this problem.
I love my ereader, but when it causes me problems like this, I have no desire to recommend it to people in my circle.
If I follow your steps, I will lose my connection with you.
I am on my computer
I have deactivated my authorizations and uninstalled Adobe.
I will restart my computer and download Adobe again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello
I can no longer log in to my fut account
It says that too many clubs have been created
So, I have already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I launch the fut mode with my account, it says that the limit for creating a fut account has been reached
This morning, I was able to play with this account
Sorry, my first name is NAME-M
Can you help me please?
Thank you
No problem
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
YES THANK YOU
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO LOG INTO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
ON MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT, IT TELLS ME THERE IS A SERVER ERROR
ON PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
OK IT'S NOT SERIOUS BUT CAN YOU HELP ME SOLVE MY PROBLEM
OK thank you, if the problems are due to maintenance issues, I am reassured and I will be patient
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
a file is already open
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nA file has already been opened.
I would like to get back the content that was stolen from me
or compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I have been playing for 10 years, I spend €400 on PRS-ORG points per year in addition to buying the game
and I was told on the phone that I couldn't get anything back
A file is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the content that was hacked this morning or be compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I have been playing for 10 years, I spend €400 on PRS-ORG points every year in addition to buying the game... and I was told on the phone that I couldn't recover anything
How do I do it then?
EMAIL
I have already done the steps you are going to ask me to do
give you the code, change the password, etc.
I just want to play FUT Champions this weekend with my team
and now I can't do anything
I put money into the game every year, I've been putting in wages for 10 years and now I'm not getting a positive response the one time I need you
I was hacked between 9am and 11:30am today
can you "erase" his passage and put everything back like this morning?
At 8am, I still had my entire club
Please save me the trouble
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant for PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more.
For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
So, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry.
A human can provide you with information about the status of your account.
The transfer of 1019 that I issued, I have the impression that my bank rejected it, I would like to know if it has returned to your system
Alright
Alright, thank you very much, that's great.
So I will wait, is that correct?
Thank you very much.
I will wait
No, thank you very much
I will wait until the afternoon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm having a good day, I hope the same for you ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is in there
otherwise I can repeat it if necessary
Excuse me?
Your sentence is cut off
I just wanted to know that in the career mode there are a lot of haircuts, while in the pro club there aren't many
Is that normal?
And why?
Otherwise, do you plan to add them later?
No, that's fine, thank you
No problem!
Have a good day to you
I will get back to you if it has not been done afterwards
Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?
I have a problem with the verification system for logging into my account
I am not receiving the email containing the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I also checked my spam.
On PRS-ORG, my account is automatically validated, so there is no problem, but the issue is with the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android.
Same thing when I try to connect on my internet browser
924311
This email goes through just fine without any issues
Perfect, it seems to have worked
Thank you very much, I hope I won't have this problem again in the future.
NAME-M_TEXT: I see that you are experiencing cash flow difficulties due to your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss it?
Yes, I see that you are experiencing cash flow difficulties due to your transaction limit. Would you like to discuss this?
I see that you are experiencing cash flow difficulties due to your transaction limit.\nWould you like to discuss it?\n{ChatWindowButton:Yes, please,No, I am contacting you for something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
I see that you are experiencing cash flow difficulties due to your transaction limit.\nWould you like to discuss it?\n{ChatWindowButton:Yes, please,No, I am contacting you for something else}\nNAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.\nIf I may ask, have you replied to that email?\nHello NAME-M, I am so sorry to hear about the issue you are facing.\nAs I can see, our relevant team have sent you an email requesting some documents and information regarding your business.
Yes
I am really stuck with my clients for payments
I have sent my PRS-ORG
Yes
the delay please
waiting time
Yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer, but I can't play
it tells me that there are too many computers
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nNAME-F\nHi, I hope you are doing well.\nHow can I assist you today?\nI installed PRS-ORG on my new computer and it's impossible to play\nit tells me that there are too many computers\nI see, let me check if we can fix the issue you are facing with too many computers.\nPlease stay connected while I look for the relevant information on this.
Thank you
oh really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have any problems
I don't understand??
I have access to my PRS-ORG account
I have a PRS-ORG normal license on my account
and in addition to a PRS-ORG subscription
So I have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
Hello, I am receiving emails asking me to provide more information or to provide it, thank you.
In addition, I have to send everything back by email, otherwise I will do it in another way.
Of course, here is a copy and paste of the message I received.
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our terms and conditions (URL), a PRS-ORG profile can only be used for a single activity.
Please confirm to us for which activity your profile will be used and please provide us with proof (invoice, Facebook link...) for this activity.
If you wish to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another professional activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.
We thank you for your understanding.
Kind regards,
Hello, my name is NAME-N.\nHow can I help you?\nHello, I am receiving emails asking me to provide more information or to provide it, thank you\nIn addition, I have already sent everything back by email, otherwise I have done so elsewhere\nI will certainly assist you with this, NAME-M!\nCould you please allow me two minutes to check the details for you?\nOf course, here is a copy and paste of the message I received\nWe would like to inform you that, as stated in our terms and conditions (URL), a PRS-ORG profile can only be used for a single activity.\nPlease confirm for which activity your profile will be used and please provide proof (invoice, Facebook link...) for this activity.\nIf you wish to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another professional activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.\nThank you for your understanding.\nSincerely,\n\nTranslation:\nHello, my name is Pierre.
PRS-ORG Registration Service
I do fairs and markets, I am also a plumber, here are the products I sell on Facebook
grease traps
URL
I send all of that through the email I received??
Yes, I have sent the KBIS plus the Facebook link
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't pre-download PRS-ORG, I was told that everything should be resolved quickly... but that's not the case, I pre-ordered to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
I would therefore like to cancel this pre-order and be able to pre-order the game again, hoping that this time it will work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nHello, my name is NAME-M\nYesterday I contacted your services because I can't pre-download PRS-ORG, I was told that everything should be fixed quickly.. but that's not the case, I pre-ordered to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.\nI would like to cancel this pre-order and be able to pre-order the game again hoping that this time it will work\n\nThank you for considering my request :)
Of course
Of course\n\nMy email address is EMAIL
Of course\nMy email address is EMAIL\n\nMy ID is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I pre-order it again now?
or do I have a small delay?
Alright, thank you :)
I will reorder it right now
Thank you very much for your skills :D
Perfect, thank you, the preloading is going well!
everything is working great!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
I have latency in games even though I should qualify for the fgs
it's unplayable
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
everything is fine
and there the players are slow when I make a pass it arrives 5 seconds later really it's not possible
sir, it's pointless
I am wired
I have a perfect connection
5 days ago, everything was working fine
and there I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My terminal is not working
It says "transaction declined"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have sent the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 big events
Very well, I will send the documents quickly
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago and I just received a payment notice.
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago and I noticed that a payment was made.
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago and I noticed that a payment was made. I purchased a forbidden tale, Little Thumb. I would like to be refunded for the error that occurred.
11.49
Yes
A PRS-ORG payment of more than 9.99 was made on my credit card
But I have unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I have been unsubscribed
Will I be refunded for the error?
NAME-M_TEXT: For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you, NAME-M?
Why is my store closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant for PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can't open it anymore
And that's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it says the store is closed
Thank you, I succeeded
Have a good day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I am French and I have created a Belgian sum up
Hello, I am French and I have created a Belgian SumUp account, but I am not receiving the SMS to confirm my account.
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I need to delete once the Belgian account is active
can you please do what is necessary
06 68 11 75 30 is my personal phone number
with which I would like to receive the code
Hello, I am contacting you to express my dissatisfaction.
I have been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG since it came out, and I have always loved this game.
The PRS-ORG mode is the mode that has kept me hooked since PRS-ORG 12.
I must admit that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes by.
The PRS-ORG champions mode is the mode that made me want to continue, but now it is very difficult to access... rank 3 has a match from rank 2 last week, and there is no way for me to qualify this week.
I hope for an update very soon to change the qualification for PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I think I will stop playing the game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start, please?
Hello, not really, with my PRS-ORG champions qualification compromised, and it's impossible for me to redo 1500 points plus the 9 qualification matches before this weekend
How?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope that it will change.
I like the ultimate team mode, I like playing in PRS-ORG champions.
I have the impression that in order to access it and get good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very large team.
Hoping that it changes very quickly, see you soon, otherwise unfortunately goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I am not the only one so that things move quickly.
Not at all, thank you.
Have a good day, good luck, and I hope for a very quick update
phone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example, "How can I change my email address?"
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.\n🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.\n🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"\n\nIn order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Austin
I am being asked to complete my profile with a phone number but I can't change the phone number
So it's a Dom Tom phone number
PHONENUMBER
so it should be PHONENUMBER
Yes, no problem
Yes, but the code is not arriving
I am being asked for the verification code
but this one was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want
yes but it's the WRONG number
and they won't let me change the number
for the moment I have not received any verification code
PHONENUMBER
I am told that in order to start cashing in
I need to verify my phone number
I just started your service and there are already problems
HELLO HOW ALPHANUMERICID MY NUMBER
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example "How can I change my email address?"
Hello, how do I find my alphanumeric ID number?
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
The current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Great, thank you very much
No, thank you. Have a good day.
I would like to speak with an agent
I would like to speak with an agent.
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Mrs. NAME-F; I hope you are doing great..
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay. Thank you.
No, that's fine.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player. I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points are not showing up on my Ultimate Team account.
The thing is that I recently changed the email address of my account to a more recent one: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account email address is the following.
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points went to the wrong account as a result.
CD keys is a website.
The code was good because when I entered the 25-digit code in the PRS-ORG store, it worked fine.
So the PRS-ORG points would be on another account, is that possible?
So, I only have one PRS-ORG account
I did enter the 25-digit code, which was validated on PRS-ORG.
Store of my account ALPHANUMERICID
But when I launch ultimate team, the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the one for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL. I just recently updated it.
The PRS-ORG points are active on the wrong account, right?
How can I do that?
Do I need to get back to you with a proof of purchase?
You can't check on which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are?
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:How can I help you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, I am trying to connect my store to my domain name.
The lights are green, but the status is still "not connected"
You did not understand
My store is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I have added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I am still not connected.
Does it take a little time?
yes?
Alright, noted.
Thank you
I will wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello
I have an ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in to PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, except when I enter my email it doesn't work, so I created this account there but it's impossible to put it on the game
My name is NAME-F, sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed the PSN address a while ago, it's with my old email now
but when I enter my old email, it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
my email address linked to PSN is like the one here EMAIL
it doesn't work
so basically they're blocking us from playing
I don't think this only happens to me, you should definitely do something to change the PRS-ORG account in the game
having games and not using them is great
I'm not going to create a new PSN just to play, you'll have to do it, you'll create several accounts just for a game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... even though I have made a lot of purchases
How can I get points... and what are they for?
I have purchased many games and kits for PRS-ORG.
and yet, despite the time, I have never received any points ..
I never received any points... and I never bought any...
What are they for?
I thought that you could accumulate points when making purchases on your website..
PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Happy Holidays to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example, "How can I change my email address?"
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.\n🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
Speak to an advisor
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.\n🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"\nTalk to a counselor via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be connected with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I want to speak to an advisor on the phone and I can't do it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I do.
I'm tired of calling you every day for account verification.
I am cancelling its opening, I am retracting and opening an account elsewhere
Yes
I want to close the account
You are speaking in the future tense, but I want to close the account now, not in a few days.
3 weeks ago the advisor also gave me a high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A campaign event
I have already contacted your site\nRegency.\nA countryside retreat.
I have logged out and logged back in, but it still won't open.
I have already contacted your site\nRegency.\nA campaign\ndelivery\nI have logged out and logged back in, but it still won't open
Book purchased on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page.
I am forced to restart the PRS-ORG to access my home page
Yes, that's the one
That's good.
Thank you
Great!
Have a good day
On what date was my professional account opened?
talk to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help if you have any questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So, what can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
I would like to know the opening date of my professional account for my tax return?
Where can I find the exact date?
No, I opened the professional account later
Where can I find this information?
Yes
It's for my tax return, they're asking me for this information!
Thank you
Hello Sir
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
my password is no longer working
this is the 2nd time in two weeks
and I can't reset my password because I never receive your email...
and I am forced to contact you via chat or phone to resolve this issue
my account address is
Hello,\nThank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nHi there, hope you are doing well.\nHow may I assist you today?\nmy password is not working anymore\nthis is the 2nd time in two weeks\nand I can't do a password reset since I never receive your email...\nand I am forced to contact you via chat or phone to solve this problem\nmy account address is\n\nEMAIL
Can you help me once again please?
124876
I guess I'm a regular now, haha
I was able to successfully change my password
and I can log in to PRS-ORG
Thank you
Thank you again and see you next time (I hope your servers will still manage to remember my password)
Have a good day!
authentication of my mobile phone is impossible
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I would like to help you with your verification documents, but that is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant.
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
I can't perform the strong authentication on my current phone
I receive the SMS
But the application does not take the manipulation into account
no error
when I am in the strong authentication menu
impossible to validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Thank you as well
May I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently being conducted on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked the day before yesterday
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I mainly play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying.
Alright, perfect, you can't give me a time frame?
Because, well, it's complicated when you have nothing left in your club
Very well, and thank you
No, nothing at all, thank you
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Hello, my name is NAME-M. How can I help you?
I would like to change my address
I made a mistake in the content
No, the home address
I made a mistake
I am staying with my boyfriend for free
How can I do that?
otherwise I have bills for my mobile phone
or insurance
Yes, I am looking
you must not send me the PRS-ORG card
as long as I haven't changed the address please
Alright.
I will send the documents shortly
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example, "How can I change my email address?"
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.\n🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello, I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I no longer have access to this number
PHONENUMBER
Yes, that is recorded, how long after?
because I can't make the payment to my account
Thank you very much.
No, thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Your game is starting to annoy me!
The same problem as the last futchamp
This time in my draft
Too many guys ragequit so it counts as a loss for me even though it's the guy who left
and so I didn't get my reward for 4 victories in the Draft
and I lose my 15,000 credits
You already did nothing for my last Futchamp where I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
You're going to say again that you'll pass on the information and you're not going to do anything?
So?
So no, it's definitely him who left
I'm on a PC, not a console, I have 600M fiber
and I didn't have any micro-disconnection because I was on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut off
It is indeed him who quit
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player, the game considers it to be him
This is complete bullshit
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or on the web.
However, access works directly on the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nHello NAME-M, this is NAME-M\nI have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.\nI can't access the transfer market on the app or on the web.\nHowever, access works on the game directly
Could you help me please, sir?
I am doing well, thank you, I hope you are too
So on PRS-ORG it's ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of wanting to buy FUT credits on my first account.
So I created another PRS-ORG account in order to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time.
Except that as a result, access was not granted to this new account
I play with the Lyon team, being from Lyon, in fut mode.
I really like Paqueta, very complete for his 81 rating.
I'm doing everything I can to get him as POTM right now
And what about you, who is your favorite player?
Very good player indeed, Mbappe, you have good taste.
He is also having a very good start to the season with PRS-ORG
It's me who thanks you for taking the time to help me.
Have you found an explanation for my transfer market?
I have been playing for several days now and unfortunately, nothing has been done yet
Alright, I'll keep having fun then.
The main thing is to have access on the console.
But the app is very practical for managing remotely.
Thank you very much NAME-M in any case.
I wish you a very good day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello,
Pierre
Quite simply, I think
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in the gold edition
Quite simply, I think\nI pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in the gold edition\n\nAnd today, when I tried to install it, I received a message saying: "Unfortunately, it seems that a billing issue has occurred with your pre-order"
So I go to the PRS-ORG website
And the order is tagged "in progress"
I realize that PayPal was never charged
And so I changed my payment method
I now simply want my game to be unlocked
EMAIL
I see it, but it says "Pre-order failed"
Context: Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nHello,\nPierre\nHello NAME-M.\nPleasure to meet you.\nI hope you are doing great.\nHow may I help you today?\nQuite simply I think\nI pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in the gold edition\nAnd today I have a message when trying to install it saying: "Unfortunately, it seems that a billing problem has occurred with your pre-order"\nSo I go to the PRS-ORG website\nAnd the order is tagged "in progress"\nI realize that PayPal has never been debited\nAnd so I change my payment method\nI now wish that my game be unlocked simply\nI understand that your order was not completed and you did not receive your game.\nDo not worry, I will try my best to help you with this.\nMay I know registered email address with PRS-ORG?\nEMAIL\nThank you.\nJust to confirm, are you not able to see game in your games library?\nI see it but with "Pre-order failure" marked\nThank you for confirming.\nLet me check.\nJust to confirm, you are trying it on PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
This does not change the problem
I just did the manipulation
And I still have Pre-order failed
So can you not restart the order or something else?
Because I have already set up my payment method and I still don't see the problem being resolved.
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG telling me that I can play
I have restarted PRS-ORG
I think that's enough after clearing the cache
And if I restart it, I lose our conversation
Via chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent several messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd box, but it keeps sending me back to the same account.
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.\nI have already sent several messages about this.\nI just ordered a 2nd device, but it redirects me to the same account.\n\nHow can I do this?
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.\nI have already sent several messages about this.\nI just ordered a 2nd device, but it redirects me to the same account.\nHow can I do this?
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.\nI have already sent several messages about this.\nI just ordered a 2nd device, but it redirects me to the same account.\nHow can I do this?\nBest regards.\nHow would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?\nPlease wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic card reader for €19
Yes, I would like it by email.
I haven't received the card reader yet, but everything should be in order for this Wednesday.
When I receive it, will I be able to configure it for another account?
I received an email this morning saying that my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL.
Thank you
The email this morning was in French, but usually I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change that so that I receive all communications in French.
Thank you
So no.
At first I received the emails in French, but the last ones, no.
I have sent several messages about this without success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Good evening, I am back because I think I have identified the problem
I am only experiencing lag on PRS-ORG at the moment, and I wanted to check my server account to see if there is a problem or not.
because I have signs that I have packet loss, whereas when I checked on TeamSpeak, I haven't had any loss for 50 minutes
as you can see in this image
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nGood evening, I am back because I think I have identified the problem\nI am experiencing "lag" only on PRS-ORG at the moment and I wanted to check my server accounting to see if there is a problem or not\nbecause I have signs that I am experiencing packet loss, while I have been checking on TeamSpeak and I have not experienced any loss for 50 minutes\nas you can see in this image\nHi NAME-M\n, nice to meet you.\nHow are you doing?
Good evening, I'm not doing too well because I'm having a lot of issues and coming to you is my last resort.
Hello, thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nGood evening, I am back because I think I have identified the problem\nI am only "lagging" on PRS-ORG at the moment and I wanted to check my server accounting to see if there is a problem or not\nbecause I have signs that I am experiencing packet loss, whereas when I checked on TeamSpeak, I have had no packet loss for 50 minutes\nas you can see in this image\nHi NAME-M\n, nice to meet you.\nHow are you doing?\nURL\nGood evening, I am not doing too well because I am experiencing a lot of bugs and this is my last resort to come to you.
URL here is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I don't have any signs of packet loss at the top, yet I still have lags
Is this a problem that comes from me or from the game?
Because I'm going crazy
You're going to fix this via a patch, I assume?
But how long will it take?
Because I can't play at all in these conditions and not at all in a pro club either
Thank you, I hope it will be okay :)
Good evening and thank you
Good luck for this week
NAME-M_TEXT:Great to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry.
Your device seems to be defective.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO FIRE ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILURE
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
YES I WANT TO DEPOSIT 180E INTO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
AFTER ENTERING MY NAME AND IBAN, I CONFIRM
AND THEN THE TRANSACTION FAILED
MORE SPECIFICALLY, LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15:45 AFTER I WATCH THE MATCH
LOADING FAILURE
I have low bandwidth, fiber in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello
I find myself in a bit of a predicament; my account has been split into 2
I am more hardline
and I no longer have access to my other email box
The problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or one was changed to vinsvodoo (reverse)
either EMAIL
either EMAIL
with PRS-ORG I never have any problems, it's always PRS-ORG that has the bug
That is to say
I don't have access to this email account, it's registered on Facebook but it's more than 15 years old.
I spoke to one of your colleagues once and it worked again, but now it doesn't.
my real address is EMAIL
It annoys me, I knew I shouldn't have come back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG, I recovered everything in 1 hour
As a result, you will lose money because I will no longer buy from you.
Hello,
I have a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, a problem I have encountered very recently.
The book downloads from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on my computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.
I connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, and the content is imported.
I properly eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer, and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book appear on the reader.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears indicating that my reader is not authorized to open this book because it would need to be authorized again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-imported.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, so I do have this authorization.
Hello,\nI have a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, a problem I have encountered very recently.\nThe book is downloaded from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.\nI have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.\nI connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.\nI properly eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book appear on the reader.\nThen, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears indicating that my reader is not authorized to open this book because it would need to be authorized again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-imported.\nIn the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address and therefore I have this authorization.\n\nWhat should I do?
Subject: Hello,\nI have a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, a problem I have encountered very recently.\nThe book is downloaded from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.\nI have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.\nI connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.\nI properly eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book appear on the reader.\nThen, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears indicating that my reader is not authorized to open this book because it would need to be authorized again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-imported.\nIn the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address and therefore I have this authorization.\nWhat should I do?
I didn't buy a book, but I downloaded it from the library.
The latest one, today, is N.E.O.
Hello,\nI have a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, a problem I have encountered very recently.\nThe book is downloaded from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.\nI have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.\nI connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.\nI properly eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book appear on the reader.\nThen, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears indicating that my reader is not authorized to open this book because it would need to be authorized again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-imported.\nIn the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address and therefore I have this authorization.\nWhat should I do?\nEMAIL\nI did not buy a book but I download it from the library.\nThe last one, today, is N.E.O.
It seems so.
In any case, I am connected to Wi-Fi and automatic synchronization is enabled.
I don't know when the last synchronization took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the authorization?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the authorization and reinstalled it.
I will try again.
For now I have ADE 4.5.11 What I don't understand is why now!
It's been almost a year since I started using it.
What are the factory settings?
Hello, I have not received the payment from February 3
I am missing a payment
I have not received my 3 payments from February 3
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant for PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
So, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
You have chosen to receive payments on the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds collected are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, and this also applies to weekends.
Note: If the transaction you are waiting for was made before the card payments were set up, then the funds will be deposited into the registered bank account and not onto the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to the payment method and frequency do not affect past transactions.
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant for PRS-ORG.\n🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!\nFor more complicated issues, I will connect you with a human.\nSo, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?\nYou have opted for payments on the PRS-ORG Card.\nThe funds collected are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, this also applies to weekends.\nAttention: If the transaction you are waiting for was made before payments on the card were set up, then the funds will be paid into the registered bank account and not on the PRS-ORG Card.\nChanges in payment method and frequency do not affect past transactions.
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in this case, human intervention seems necessary to me.
Thank you for your patience while I transfer you to an agent...
Hello, thank you
Ok thank you very much
Ok thank you very much
No, thank you very much.
Thank you too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello, as you know, the game Star Wars Battlefront 2 is becoming unplayable
Hello, as you know, the game Star Wars Battlefront 2 is becoming unplayable. People are dying with 1 HP due to a bug or a hack in god mode.
You are well aware of this since several days
the game is becoming unplayable
Hello?
EMAIL
the problems come from you!
From the servers
thousands of players are complaining and you are pretending?...
But what a constructive response!!!
No problems?!
The developers have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is well aware of the server hack
Thank you for the customers and the customer service.
pathetic
no respect for the players
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.\nPlease wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Yes
My terminal is locked
I am looking for a way to send payment request links to customers
I don't have this function in my application
It is no longer under warranty
PHONE NUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I am looking for a way to send payment links to my clients
But I don't have the payment links in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Ah great that would really help
I am counting on you, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello,
I am having trouble linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
You want the email of my PRS-ORG account, is that right?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account, I get this message:
A problem has occurred.
An error prevented us from completing your request.
Please try again later.
For PRS-ORG rewards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.\nHello, I would like to know if the last identity card sent is valid.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.\nHello\nI would like to know if the last ID card sent is valid.\n\nAnd also, how do I set up my bank account?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.\nHello\nI would like to know if the last identity card sent is valid.\nAnd also how to set up my bank account?\n\nWhich one is registered?
Yes, and I sent back an ID without a return.
I don't have an IBAN that ends with 0507
Yes
I can't change it directly on the app
and I just sent back the ID card... it's quite urgent though...
Alright, well I will send you my bank statement..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, everything is fine, thank you
I would like you to help me, because I have never had any luck with the PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing since I was 10 years old and I've never beaten a big player.
My friend got Hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Just a few days ago he got NAME-M.
I have put money into the game, bought the pre-order to get 4600 PRS-ORG points, and I still never have any luck.
I don't know what to do anymore, thank you for helping me please
I'm willing to hear that, but how come my friend has all these players?
He even got an icon in a previewable pack...
Well, too bad if you can't do anything
Thank you anyway
I will therefore most certainly stop playing this game
Thank you, happy holidays
Via chat
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents? {ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
Hello, I received an invoice via SMS and I would like to receive it by email so that I can be reimbursed.
Transaction ID: ALPHANUMERICID 146,95€
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice in my email.
Thank you
Hello, for the past 2 days, I have been trying to validate my payment using my PRS-ORG card for a purchase. I entered all the information, clicked on continue and save, the Visa verification icon keeps spinning and there is no response.
I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, but the same problem persists.
Hello, for 2 days now, I have been trying to validate my payment with my PRS-ORG card for a purchase. I have entered all the information, clicked on continue and save, the Visa control light keeps spinning and there is no response.\n\nI uninstalled the application and reinstalled it, but the same problem persists.
Hello, for 2 days now, I have been trying to validate my payment by PRS-ORG card for a purchase. I have entered all the information, I have clicked on continue and save, the visa control indicator keeps spinning and there is no response.\nI have uninstalled the application, and I have reinstalled it, but still the same problem.\nWhat is happening?
Hello, for 2 days now, I have been trying to validate my payment with my PRS-ORG card for a purchase. I have entered all the information, clicked on continue and save, the Visa control indicator keeps spinning and there is no response.\nI uninstalled the application and reinstalled it, but the same problem persists.\nWhat is happening?\nThank you for your response.
Hello, for 2 days now, I have been trying to validate my payment by PRS-ORG card for a purchase. I have entered all the information, I have clicked on continue and save, the visa control light keeps spinning and no response.\nI uninstalled the application, and I reinstalled it, but still the same problem.\nWhat is happening?\nThank you for responding\nEMAIL
I want to buy T2
Yes, but usually it doesn't get stuck at the payment!
Why now?
What should I do then?
Okay.
Thank you, I will do it right away
Sincerely
Hello NAME-M
I want my money in my account, which is already blocked
I want my money in my balance, my account is already closed
Alright.
Alright, but I have already sent a new bank account where the money will be transferred
Yes, I am here.
Yes, I am here.
Yesterday, I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
I mistakenly linked the wrong account to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
Yes
it is not linked to any account, I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, but I don't want that. I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account.
Yes, I can't unlink my account
Yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, I would like to unlink them
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
Thank you.
Hello
my terminal is locked what can I do
For more complicated issues, I will connect you with a human.
So what can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device's screen, it unfortunately means that it is defective.
Its security system has been activated and this lock is irreversible.
Since I am unable to handle this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, my terminal is locked, what can I do?\nFor more complicated issues, I will connect you with a human.\nSo what can I do for you NAME-N?\nWhen this message appears on the device screen, it means that it is unfortunately defective.\nIts security system has been triggered and this lock is irreversible.\nSince I am not able to handle this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.\nOne moment please...\nHello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.\nI'm very sorry to hear this, let me see what I can do for you.\nCould you please provide me with the serial number of your device?\nYou can find it on the back of the reader.
Yes
could I have a phone number to call please
Thank you, for me it will be simpler.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example, "How can I change my email address?"
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG\n127.0.0.0\nHello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.\n🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is defective.
Its security system has been triggered and this lock is irreversible.
As I am unable to handle this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes, sorry, I have customers.
I had an error code bk PHONENUMBER
then I plugged it in and pressed the start button
I got hold to boot then release to boot
it turned off
I got an error code bk
Sorry, I will contact you again when I have more time because I have a client appointment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?
This is the third or fourth time that I have been disconnected during a team match, and it is counted as a loss even though I am winning 3 or 4 to 0.
this causes me to lose ranks and therefore to advance for my team
I repeat, I have disconnections during team clash matches
I get disconnected and therefore lose the match even though I am winning the match
it wasn't online
so it has nothing to do with it
I am in a team clash, so it is your game that disconnects me...
disgust
I'm fed up, I play the game and I get screwed over...I really have the impression that you don't care about players like me
Not to mention the times when I find myself at 8 or 9 hours from the start of the match due to a bug....
Hello
I bought the ebook "Nuclei and Particles: Subatomic Physics, vol.
Hello,\nI bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol. 1" by NAME-M yesterday, but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font size settings are accessible, it is written far too small and the print quality is poor...
I am disappointed with this purchase on your platform, which usually offers well-prepared books!
I would therefore like a refund of the corresponding €15.99
Hello,\nI bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.\n1" by NAME-M yesterday, but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font size settings are accessible, it is written far too small and the print quality is poor...\nI am disappointed with this purchase on your platform, which usually offers well-prepared books!\nI would therefore like a refund of the corresponding €15.99\n\nThank you in advance
Hello,\nI bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.\n1" by NAME-M yesterday, but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font size settings are accessible, it is written far too small and the print quality is poor...\nI am disappointed with this purchase on your platform, which usually offers well-prepared books!\nI would therefore like a refund of the corresponding €15.99\nThank you in advance
Subject: Unreadable eBook\n\nHello,\nI purchased the eBook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol. 1" by NAME-M yesterday, but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font size settings are accessible, it is written far too small and the print quality is poor...\nI am disappointed with this purchase on your platform, which usually offers well-prepared books!\nI would therefore like a refund of the corresponding €15.99\nThank you in advance\nSincerely
Nuclei and Particles: Subatomic Physics, vol.
Hello,\nI bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.\n1" by NAME-M yesterday, but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font size settings are accessible, it is written far too small and the print quality is poor...\nI am disappointed with this purchase on your platform, which usually offers well-prepared books!\nI would therefore like a refund of the corresponding €15.99\nThank you in advance\nSincerely\nEMAIL\nNoyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you
Have a good day
No thank you, that's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I am not receiving the email sent by PRS-ORG!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I am not receiving the email sent by PRS-ORG! How can I do this?
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I am not receiving the email sent by PRS-ORG! How can I do it?
March 1, 2020
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I am not receiving the email sent by PRS-ORG!\nHow can I do this?\nEMAIL\n01/03/2020
Pacific Brides
I will try PRS-ORG
on my computer I am connected but on my e-reader...
How do I reset it with my e-reader?
I am not receiving any email
ok
I just tested and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my ereader does not recognize my account
There was an update last night and since then I can't access it anymore
it says: unable to connect
It seems that the URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
I am on wifi with my computer to which I connected my ereader
I restarted it and it's loading...
Yes!!!
That's it, it just needed a little more time!...
Phew, thank you for your help
ok I entered the book I bought yesterday...
Good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14th and I still haven't received it...
February 11, sorry
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes, on your website
Here is the order number PHONENUMBER
The tracking indicates that since February 14, the package has been at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I did order through this profile... I received an invoice at my email address EMAIL
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But normally I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission at 1.49%
It's this one
The one I am currently writing to you from
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues directly?
It would be easier than writing
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
That is the order number indicated on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
The pleasure is mutual!
I'm doing well, thank you, although I'm experiencing a technical issue with the PRS-ORG game on PC
Indeed, for over an hour, I have been unable to access the transfer market to buy a player.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to get started?\nHello, NAME-M\nNice to meet you NAME-M, I hope you are doing well.\nHow may I help you today?\nPleasure is mutual!\nI'm doing well, thank you, even though I'm experiencing a technical issue with the PRS-ORG game on PC\nIndeed, for over an hour, I have been unable to access the transfer market to buy a player\n\nHow does this happen?
Thank you in advance and I look forward to your response.
It seems to me that this is a security block implemented by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I am not one of them.
That is correct.
when I go to the PRS-ORG transfer market
when I try to search for the player I want
it tells me
"there was a communication problem with the PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
everything else in the game works except the transfer market, where it shows me this message and kicks me out of the transfer market
Very well, thank you.
Thank you for your advice.
Please speak to an advisor
Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
I want to speak to an advisor
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I no longer have access to the transfer
Yes, which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I no longer have
Do you understand?
Hello
You have it
Yes, I am here right away.
Yes, but I don't have the old number
To which address should I send the email?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to get started?
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to begin?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.\nI am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to get started?
Yes, thank you!
And I hope you are too!
When I tried to launch the 24-hour mission of NAME-M, I noticed that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it had disappeared along with all its accessories.
It is no longer in my city or in my inventory...
No, it is on the iPad
No.
The game is starting.
I wanted to start the 24-hour mission of NAME-M which requires the PRS-ORG palace, and that's when I noticed that this castle is no longer in my city or in my inventory.
It's the Boitingham Castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but not the castle or its accessories
NAME-M\nHi NAME-M!\nIt's nice to meet you.\nI hope you are doing well.\nYes, thank you!\nAnd you too, I hope!\nMay I have your concern please so that I can help you?\nWhen I wanted to start the 24-hour mission of NAME-M, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it has disappeared with all its accessories.\nIt is no longer in my city or in my inventory...\nIf I understand you correctly, your game does not launch on your iPad\nam I correct?\nNo, it is on the iPad\nIf I understand you correctly, you are facing an issue\nlaunching the game am I correct?\nNo.\nThe game starts.\nI wanted to start the 24-hour mission of NAME-M which requires the PRS-ORG palace and that's when I realized that this castle is no longer in my city or in my inventory\nIt is the Boitingham castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.\nI have NAME-M but no longer the castle or its accessories
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello
I can't verify my identity, so I'll send it to you
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
can you give me your email address so I can send you the ID document
contact me by email
your messages are not displaying
leave me a message by email it will be easier for me thank you
Email
