Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
You closed the conversation before I could answer
Ok
I just told you that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have an invoice of the purchase
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is as follows:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG retailer
So you're affiliated with them
that's why you're the best person to manage this refund
Yes, but since you are affiliated
you can manage this for me
yes
I'll check with them and come back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
my problem is that my account
it's linked to my PRS-ORG account
while I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes that's it
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes, or recover my team, PRS-ORG companion
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
I just launched a fut champions match and the match is stuck on the opposing team
I can even send you a picture
you are the
No
I'm playing fut champions and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
EMAIL
for info, I'm still in the match with the opponent's team, I don't want to leave the match for fear of losing the match
but if I leave the game, will I lose it?
that's all right, I didn't lose the match, have a nice day
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days, when I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: the confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone in general.
Then I can synchronize on the reader.
Except for the audio books I listen to on my phone
The devil!
What's going on?
Well.
You will find me very silly, but until yesterday everything was working fine.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to find this VPN?
I'll try to do what you advised me.
If it doesn't work, I'll come back to you.
Have a good evening.
Regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
This morning I used one of your colleague's recovery services.
I reset my email, everything is OK, everything works
I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify my account ownership
And apparently, I need to provide this to an advisor.
Because I'm very afraid of losing access to my account again, I'm panicking a little
yes I'm just wondering why I'm being asked that since I already had one to reset the email and everything is working now
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid we'll have to reset the email again when I don't need it
So thank you, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
hello, I have a problem with my account, my game code is already used, I got the right account, but the problem is that I want to install it by downloading, not using the CD, since I don't have much internet access and have a bad connection, so it's a hassle
How do I make it install from the CD
because I have 1 day of download
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
it is starting to download directly
without me entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I logged into my account and put the CD in, it tried to download it
or there it is, so it wants to download it to install it
yes, it's taking me one day to download it because of a poor connection
I want to install it from a CD, not from a download.
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to get in touch with one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I would like to receive your emails in French and not in German.
Is that possible?
I received emails that my account had been verified but 3 months later...
yes
I have the language set to French on my dashboard.
but I receive all communication in German
yes
great, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I wanted to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information?
I tried to go back to remember the amount to be paid, but I can't find this information.
Currently, no, I am on the support page.
(everything is written in Italian, that doesn't help, haha)
Okay, very well, I'll place a new order!
That's all for me!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we have uploaded all the documents
Please reconfigure our device.
We are in the middle of an inauguration and it is no longer working
yes, I have to download again
I just did it
I replied to the email
Please do it quickly.
It's a big loss for us...!
for you too..!
Ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
Via the chat.
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
hello
I made a request to change my RIB, and I wanted to know when this request would take effect?
It's a business account for a company.
yes, I am still here
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand.
so, how should I proceed?
I sent an email to EMEMAIL on Friday
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I did not make
You just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
The automatic rejections for PRS-ORG **** were disabled.
You can reactivate them during your next purchase from a PRS-ORG dealer.
No
I do not remember
Maybe my son paid for a game?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "3G mobile data" connection type has been enabled, but even when we move to the office, the connection does not work.
Moreover, the battery level changes from one second to the other, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to get a new device.
Could you please do what is necessary?
Thank you for your collaboration and best regards.
The number is the following:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be billed?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your effective and good cooperation
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by e-mail at EMAIL or phone at PHONENUMBER.
Best regards.
No, it's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello.
yes
I have a problem with the transfer limits
I need to transfer €158,100 to my notary
for the acquisition of a parcel of a forest
I just learned the levels of the ceilings
for now, I have 59,975€ in the account that I would like to transfer to the notary as soon as possible
I'm referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
in addition, I'm expecting 100,000€ on the account that I was supposed to receive
these days
and I should make another transfer of 98,125€
I can call the notary to confirm all this.
I wanted to transfer 59 975 € yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because I can't code a game
I launched a draft in the 1st round, 0 minutes into the game, the opponent cheated, and I lost
My name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes, in the meantime I even re-drafted to see if it was me who was bugging
Huh?
Are you kidding me?
well you are useless, you are just incapable, like every time I have to deal with you
It's always the same thing, do whatever you want, I can't do anything for you
so now I have to disconnect for 1h of the game and maybe I would have a draft token??
so in addition to making me waste time, I have to stop playing for 1 hour?
you are geniuses, keep it up, you are on the right track
yeah, like always, there's nothing to do, but thank you anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has not arrived yet
So, what can I do for you today?
Okay
I can't access your payment frequency.
However, you can access it from your account settings: URL.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thank you
So for today or tomorrow, it's all good?
Yes.
Okay, I'll wait then
Everything is good, good luck to you
I would need a panel for my living rooms
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in contact with a human.
panel showing the PRS-ORG
I wish to speak to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have any questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to know if it was possible to receive a small sign that says I have a PRS-ORG
and that my clients can pay by card
no
it's not his fault
When I was in the market, I had a small sign indicating that I accept payment by credit card.
but someone stole it from me at the last trade show
I would like to know if you could send me another one
a display
please
If possible, 3 that I can put on my stand
not the ones that stick
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
No, thank you, have a nice day
Hello the payment links don't work
So, what can I do for you today?
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant, at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How can I change my email address?
”.
Remote payment
I'm sorry.
Could you specify what type of transaction it is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote payment,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties may occur for various reasons.
In order to find which applies to your situation, I will transfer you to a human colleague.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link doesn't work, it asks me for the terminal each time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link but it didn't work, so I created a QR code for 300€
I don't understand why the links don't work
Could you tell me why? I have no answer.
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake
Thank you very much for your answer and for being so responsive
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm contacting you because PRS-ORG removed 950,000 credits from my account in PRS-ORG Ultimate Team
For reasons that I don't know, since the credits I had were earned with players I had obtained from packs, I sent the photos
And by doing buy-sell.
I would like to get my credits back, it is a huge amount!
I contest the sanction!
Psn: ALPHANUMERICID
Email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 coins from another account!
I never did anything illegal!
And everything else, I earned it myself.
And PRS-ORG took everything from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, there is nothing listed
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never violated PRS-ORG's rules
Yes, thank you, because it's a huge sum!
Thank you to you
So I do nothing anymore?
I'm just waiting for a response by email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I sent photos as proof before starting this case with you
I don't know if you have access to that?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M
Thank you, so here's the thing, I've encountered an issue for the second time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
in fact, I paid 300 PRS-ORG points (so money) so I decided to start a match
and as soon as I join the party, I get disconnected
surely cheaters
but it's the 2nd time since I've been doing the draft
and I'm getting fed up with being cheated like this
I would like a refund of the points
ok, thank you.
no problem
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you can't fix this issue
so you will refund me
I paid
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
this is not normal, the players of your game lose money because of cheaters
and you don't refund it?
find a way to refund me
I'm not leaving without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it is already valid on the Playstation
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so, in short, the problem is PRS-ORG
the PRS-ORG subscription is multi-platform?
If I have a subscription via PRS-ORG, does it have to be valid on PRS-ORG?
or not?
no, you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but it's not valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log in to my PRS-ORG account online at all, my password reset does not work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG identifier, I get a message saying that there is already an account with this identifier.
However, downloads work normally from my e-reader.
Could you help me?
Best regards.
EMAIL
no, since I can no longer access my account, but I just found 2 small invoices from February 18, 2020
I bought my reader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it worked; my 2 last small paid purchases date back to February 16, 2020, the amounts are the same as on my statement.
It's all right, I just logged in using Edge and PRS-ORG and added your home page to my favorites.
The problem is solved, thank you for your help and have a good Sunday.
thank you, just a book suggestion: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but from the new pocket format, so cheaper than the large format released in 2018.
It's all right for me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
I can't play the PRS-ORG game
impossible to update ALPHANUMERICID
Lucas, hello, and thank you for your help
we already returned PRS-ORG game once, today we try a new one, but it is the same
we tried on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one consoles with no result
yes
we also tried to reset the console to factory settings, but it didn't work
update failed 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
excuse me
when I go to manage the game and check for updates, there are none
yes, we've been getting this error code for 4 days
there is a problem with the update, and when we try to put the game back on the console, it gets stuck
Ok, thank you
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I asked by email to have a deleted "employee" email address so that I can use it on another account.
Your colleague replied that it was not possible, even though it was done for another address the day before.
I have not received any news following my 2nd message.
So I should receive news quickly?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a good day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I expected.
No, thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, I can't make online payments
transaction failed
Your deposit request failed or was canceled.
It's really urgent, if possible, to solve the problem today, thank you.
No, thanks.
Good evening.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
as usual every month even though I got my twitch prime pack
I didn't receive it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the address EMAIL
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS prime account, it seems to me that every time there is this problem of two distinct email addresses
Well, I made the request to recover it and it said "successful recovery".
so the problem is on your side, not mine
and in the previous months, the person I spoke to via chat gave me the pack
so I think that there might be a problem with your competence
I did not log in to the console
only on the app
Ok, thanks.
Please hold on for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Via the chat.
How do you want to be put in touch with one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday around 11:00 PM all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID and my registration extract yesterday at 5pm
My trade register excerpt
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
We need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents as requested directly to my profile.
Yes.
Okay, I'll contact you again at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be set?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to assist you with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if I could buy the Sum Up 3G without the printer
because the price is very high
I want a second PRS-ORG
And I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the PRS-ORG 3G without the pack
and?
there's nothing
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is malformed.
It becomes illegible towards the end: overlapping characters and off-center accents.
It's too annoying, I want a refund, thank you.
I'm resuming this chat that I started too late on Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"ces biens essentiels" by NAME-F
I don't know if the book is defective or if there is only a problem with my reader...
I can take photos, but not right away.
In my case it is around page 294, but it varies according to the font size.
In any case, it's about 75%
Sure, because I'm not available for more now.
That's perfect for me, thank you
Thank you, have a good end of your shift.
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
speak to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
How can I help you today?
hello NAME-F, a client paid via a link and I don't see his payment
URL
and yet it shows as paid on their account
yesterday
It says it was accepted for my transactions...sent to my links...but it was not paid
Oh, ok, thanks. Why didn't it go through immediately, like it usually does with payment links?
in principle, once the payment is made, I get the notification of the deposit
things have changed?
to log in to the website and not the app?
Okay, thank you.
have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello
Last night, I launched a fut23 session.
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my draft team online
When the 1st match was launched, the change never happened
After waiting for 30 minutes, I turned off the console and turned it back on
The game notifies me that I left the game, so I lost my token and now I have a handicap for the next match because of quitting.
Can you fix this?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thank you for your feedback, I already tried it last night.
But the application tells me that I'm not eligible
This is quite outrageous, I must say.
I spent 2h on the game for this.
Yes
Thank you
I'll be waiting for your news very soon
platforms
I didn't buy anything and I don't have any audio books.
my reader was bought in September.
yes, thank you
Since yesterday I've been trying to add some books from Adobe to my reader.
but it still says that I'm not authorized.
I removed all my permissions and reset them afterwards, and nothing changed.
I followed all the steps I found on your site but it doesn't work.
The error message I have on my eReader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (drm).
after enabling your eReader before, you must re-import it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is allowed everywhere on my computer and on the reader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I've had my eReader since September.
I contacted you in December for the same issue.
this is the second time I have this problem in a year.
I love my eReader, but when it causes me problems like this, I have absolutely no desire to recommend it to people in my circle.
If I follow your steps I will lose my connection to you.
I am on my computer
I deactivated my authorizations and uninstalled Adobe.
I'm going to restart my computer and reinstall adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
I can no longer log into my fut account
It said too many clubs were created
While I have already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account, it indicates that the fut account creation limit has been reached
While this morning I was able to play with this account
Sorry, my name is NAME-M
You can help me if you can
Thank you
No problem
It's EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please?
YES, THANKS
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO CONNECT TO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
ON MY PRS-ORG IT SHOWS A SERVER ERROR
ON PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
Ok, that's not a problem, but can you please help me solve my problem?
OK, THANKS, IF THE PROBLEM IS DUE TO A MAINTENANCE ISSUE, I AM RELIEVED, AND I WILL BE PATIENT
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
A file is already open
PHONENUMBER
I would like to get back the content that was stolen from me
or how to compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, I spend 400€ in PRS-ORG points every year, and I also buy the game
and on the phone they told me I wouldn't be able to recover anything
A file is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the pirated content this morning or get compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I have been playing for 10 years, I spend €400 in PRS-ORG points every year and also buy the game... and I was told on the phone that I couldn't get any of it back
What should I do then?
EMAIL
I have already done the steps you are going to ask me
give you the code, change the password, etc.
I just want to play futschampions with my team this weekend
and now I can't do anything
I put money into the game every year, I've been paying salaries for 10 years and now I'm not getting any positive feedback, this is the only time I need you
I was hacked between 9 AM and 11:30 AM today
can you "erase" this and put everything back like this morning?
at 8am, I still had my whole club
Please save me the hassle
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For the most complicated ones, I'll put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry.
A human will be able to provide you with information about your account status.
I made a transfer of 1019, and I think my bank rejected it, I would like to know if it is back in your system
Okay
Ok, thanks, that's great
So I will wait, that's all
Thank you very much
I'll stay here and wait.
No, thank you very much
I'll wait until the afternoon
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm having a good day, and I hope the same for you.
I don't know if you can read my file but my question is in it
otherwise, I can repeat it if it's necessary
Sorry?
Your sentence is cut off
I was just wondering, in the career mode there are a lot of haircuts, but in the professional club there aren't many
Is it normal?
And why?
Otherwise, are you planning to add more later?
No, that's all, thank you
No worries!
have a nice day
I'll get back to you if this hasn't been done later
goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system to connect to my account
I didn't receive the email with the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On PRS-ORG, my account is validated automatically, so no problem, but this is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android
The same thing happens when I try to log in on my browser
924311
That email is fine, without any issues
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope I won't have this problem again
NAME-M_TEXT:I see that you are experiencing difficulties in settling because of your transactional ceiling.
Would you like to discuss it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, s
please, no, I am contacting you about something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
yes
I'm really stuck with my clients regarding payments
I sent my PRS-ORG
Yes.
the deadline, please
waiting time
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer and I can't play
it tells me that there are too many computers
mercui
thank you
Oh really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have any problems
I don't understand...
I have on my PRS-ORG account
from PRS-ORG normal license
and an PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hello, I am receiving emails asking me to provide more information or to provide them, thank you
besides that, I have sent all of the information by email
Of course, here is a copy/paste of the message received
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our terms and conditions (URL), one PRS-ORG profile can only be used for a single activity.
Please confirm us for what activity your profile will be used, and please provide proof of it (invoice, Facebook link...).
If you want to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another business activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Best regards,
Pierre
PRS-ORG registration service
I go to the fair and it works, I'm also from Plombières, and these are the products I'm selling on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
I sent everything in the email I received.
yes, I sent the Kbis and the Facebook link
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't preload PRS-ORG, they said that normally everything should be resolved quickly.. but it is not the case, I preordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
so I would like to cancel this preorder and be able to repurchase the game, hoping that this time it will work
Thank you for answering my request :)
Of course
My email address is EMAIL
My ID is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I now re-preorder it?
or have a little delay?
ok, thank you :)
I'm re-preordering it right now
Thank you so much for your skills :D
Perfect, thank you, the pre-download is going well!
everything works great!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I have latency during games while I should qualify for the FGS
it's unplayable
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
a week ago
all is well
and the players are slow when I make a pass, it arrives 5 seconds later, it's really not possible
sir, it's useless
I am wired
I have a perfect connection
it worked perfectly 5 days ago
and now I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My terminal does not work
It says "transaction refused".
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have the documents
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events
Ok, I'll send the documents quickly
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a month ago.
After some time I noticed a payment was made
I bought a forbidden tale, The little Thumb.
I would like to be reimbursed for the error incurred.
11.49
Yes.
A PRS-ORG payment of more than 9.99 passed on my credit card
But I unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed?
Will I be reimbursed for the error?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I put you in contact with a human being.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you, NAME-M?
Why is my shop closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link it says "Shop closed"
Thank you, I succeeded
Have a nice day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How do you want to be contacted with one of our agents?
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I look over your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I'm french and I created a Belgian sum up
I didn't receive the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I must delete once the Belgian account is active
Can you do the necessary please?
06 68 11 75 30 is my personal phone number
which I want to receive the code
Hello, I'm contacting you to express my discontent.
I've been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, I've always loved this game.
The PRS-ORG mode has been my favorite since PRS-ORG 12.
It must be said that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes on.
PRS-ORG  champions mode is the mode that made me want to continue, but now it is very difficult to access... rank 3 had a match with rank 2 last week, and I couldn't qualify this week.
I hope a very soon update for the change in qualification for PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I think I won't play the game anymore
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my PRS-ORG  champions qualification is compromised and I can't make 1500 points or pass the 9 qualification matches before this weekend
What?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope this will change.
I love the ultimate team mode, I love playing in PRS-ORG champions.
And now I have the impression that to access it and get good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very big team.
I hope this changes soon, see you soon, otherwise goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I am not the only one so that this moves quickly.
No, thank you.
Good day, stay strong, and I hope for a quick update
phone number issue
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one telephone number for your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number is beyond the scope of my duties as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I'm being asked to complete my profile with a phone number, but I can't change the number on telo
so it's dom tom's number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes, don't worry
yes, but I don't receive the code
I'm being asked for a verification code
but it was sent to 06 92
I'll send you a screenshot if you want
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I can't change the number
for now, I didn't receive any verification code
PHONENUMBER
I'm told that to start accepting
I need to verify my phone number
I just started using your service and there are already problems
HELLO HOW DO I ACCESS ALPHANUMERICID MY NUMBER
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number goes beyond my virtual assistant skills, I'm going to transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my phone number.
The current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Great, thank you very much
no thank you, have a nice day
I would like to speak with an agent
I would like to speak to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you restate your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, Mrs. NAME-F, I hope you're doing well.
I would like to change my email address.
Perfect, okay, thank you
No, it's all good.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello, I'm a PRS-ORG player. I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but they don't appear in my ultimate team account.
The thing is that I recently changed the email address of my account, but I also entered a more recent email address: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account's email address is as follows.
EMAIL I'm afraid the PRS-ORG points went to the wrong account.
CD keys a website.
The code was good, because when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked
So, is it possible that the PRS-ORG points are on another account?
While I only have one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code, which was validated on the PRS-ORG.
My account's ALPHANUMERICID store
But when I launch ultimate team, the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the email address of my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, which I just recently updated
Are the PRS-ORG points active on the wrong account?
How do I do that?
Do I have to go back to you about a purchase?
Can't you check which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are on?
talking to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, I'm trying to connect my shop to my domain name.
The lights are green but the status is still "not connected"
You don't understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I'm still not logged in.
Is it taking a while?
yes?
Okay, I got it.
Thank you
I'll wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG, but I can't log in to PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email, it doesn't work, so I created the account but I can't connect to the game
I called NAME-F, sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, I found it, it's my old email
but entering my old one doesn't work either to log in to PRS-ORG
the email address linked to my PSN is the same as the one mentioned, EMAIL
it doesn't work
so basically, we can't play
I don't think it happens to me; I think you'd have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game
having games and not using them is great
I'm not going to create a new PSN account just to play, you'll create several accounts just for one game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... but I have made several purchases
How can I get points...and what are they used for?
I bought a lot of games and kits for PRS-ORG.
and yet, over time, I never received any points..
I never received points...and I never bought any.
What are they used for?
I thought that one could earn points when purchasing on your site.
PRS-ORG points
Thank you and happy holidays to all the team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
Talk to an advisor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to be put in contact with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I want to talk to a consultant by phone, but I can't.
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
your services' incompetence
I have.
I'm tired of calling you every day for the verification of my account.
I'm canceling its opening, I'm retracting and opening an account somewhere else
yes
I want to close the account
you are talking to the future, I want to close the account now, not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also gave high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A country house
delivery
I signed out and signed in again, but it's still not working
I can't read it
Book bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page.
I'm forced to launch PRS-ORG to access my homepage
Yes, it's that one
It's fine.
Thank you
Great!
Have a good day
On what date was my professional account opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
I would like to know the opening date of my professional account for my tax return.
Where can I find the exact date?
no, the professional account was opened after
where can I find this information?
yes
It's for my tax declaration, I need this info!
Thank you
Hello Mr.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
my password doesn't work anymore
this is the 2nd time in two weeks
and I can't do a password reset, because I never receive your email...
and that I am obliged to contact you via chat or phone to solve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once more, please?
124876
let's say I'm a regular now ahah
I was able to successfully change my password
and I can log in to PRS-ORG
thank you
Thank you again, and see you next time (I hope your servers will still manage to save my password)
have a nice day!
I can't authenticate my mobile
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you restate your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I'd like to help you with your verification documents, but that goes beyond the scope of my virtual assistant's skills.
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
yes
I can't do the strong authentication of my current phone
I receive the SMS
But the app doesn't take into account the manipulation
no error
When I'm in the strong authentication menu
I can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Thank you too
Can I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently underway on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked before yesterday
Can I continue to use my account while the investigation is ongoing?
Because I mainly play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying
Perfect, you don't have a timeframe to give me?
Because it's complicated when you have nothing left in your club
Very well, thank you
No, thank you
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I want to change my address.
I made a mistake on the content
no, the home address
I made a mistake
I'm staying with my boyfriend for free.
how can I do that
Otherwise, I have my mobile phone bills.
or insurance
yes, I'm looking
You don't need to send me the PRS-ORG card
as long as I have not changed the address please
Ok.
I will send the documents soon.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
hello, I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
As changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER my I no longer have access to that number
PHONENUMBER
yes, that, and how long after should I register it
because I can't make the payment on my account
thank you very much
no, thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Your game is starting to irritate me!
The same problem as the last futchamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys are quitting, so I'm counting this as a defeat even though it's the guy who leaves
So I didn't get my reward for 4 Draft victories
and I lose my 15000 credits
And you didn't help me with my last Futchamp, where I lost 2 ranks because of this.
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
Are you going to tell me to escalate this issue again and do nothing?
So?
No, it was him who left
I'm on a pc, not a console, and I have fiber optic 600M.
and I didn't have a micro-cut because I was on PRS-ORG at the same time, and it didn't cut
It was him who left
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player, the game considers that the player is the one who left
It's a big fucking deal
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or on the web.
But the access works directly on the game
NAME-M
Could you please help me, sir?
I'm fine, thank you, how are you?
On PRS-ORG it is ALPHANUMERICID-.
I made the mistake of trying to buy coins on my first account.
So I created a new PRS-ORG account in order to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time.
But now the access has not been placed on this new account
I play with Lyon's team in fut mode.
I really like Paqueta, he is very complete for a rating of 81.
I'm doing the dcé to have him in POTM at the moment
And you, your favorite player?
Very good player indeed mbappe, you have good taste.
He is having a very good start to the season with the PRS-ORG
Thank you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I have been playing for several days now and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
Okay, I will continue to have fun then.
The main thing is to have access to it on the console.
But the app is very convenient to manage remotely.
Thank you very much, NAME-M.
I wish you a very nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
Pierre
I think quite simply
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in gold edition
And today I got a message when I tried to install it saying: "Unfortunately, it seems a billing problem has occurred with your pre-order"
So I go to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged as "processing"
I only find out that PayPal was never debited
So I changed my payment method
I just want my game to be unlocked
EMAIL
I see it, but it's marked "Pre-order failure".
PRS-ORG
This doesn't change the issue
I just did the manipulation
And I still have Pre-order failure
So, you can't re-process the order or something else?
Because I have entered my payment method and I still don't see the problem being unblocked
I even got a notification in PRS-ORG saying that I can play
I restarted PRS-ORG
I think it's enough after clearing the cache
And if I restart it, I lose our conversation
Through the chat
Hello, I would like to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd box, but it sends me back to the same account.
How can I do this?
Best regards,
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader for 19€
Yes, I want it by email.
I haven't received the box yet, but everything should be fine by Wednesday.
So once I receive it, I can set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning saying that my order was on its way.
My email address: EMAIL.
Thank you
The email I received this morning was in French, but usually I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change it so that I have all the communications in French.
Thank you
No.
At the beginning I received the emails in French, but the last ones, no.
I sent several messages about this without success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Good evening, I'm contacting you again because I think I have identified the problem
I'm experiencing "lag" only on PRS-ORG and I wanted to check if there is a problem with the server
because I have signs that show that I have packet losses, but I looked at teamspeak and I have no losses in the last 50 minutes
as you can see on this image
URL
Good evening, not too much since I'm having a lot of bugs and I'm coming to you as my last solution.
: (
URL, here's one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no packet loss indicators at the top, but I do experience lags
Is this a problem with me or with the game?
Because I'm going mad
You're going to fix this with a patch, I guess?
But how long will it take?
Because I can't play at all under these conditions, not even in pro club
Thank you, I hope it will get better :)
Have a good evening and thank you
Good luck for this week
NAME-M_TEXT:Great to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry.
Your device seems to be defective.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO LOG OUT OF ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILED
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to assist you...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUR TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S AVOIR RENTRER MON NOM ET MON IBAN I AGREE
AND THE TRANSACTION FAILED
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15:45 PM APR2S I'M WATCHING THE MATCH
LOADING FAILED
I have low fiber speed in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello.
I'm having trouble with my account being divided in 2
it is more hardline
and more access to my other email account
the problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or one was changed to vinsvodoo (the reverse)
or EMAIL
EMAIL
With PRS-ORG I never have any problems, it's always PRS-ORG that has issues
that is
I don't have access to this email account, it is registered on Facebook but it is more than 15 years old
I once talked to one of your colleagues and it worked, but not anymore
My real address is EMAIL
it really annoys me, I knew I was not supposed to come back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG, I got everything back in 1 hour
so you will lose money because I won't be shopping with you anymore
Hello,
I am having a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, a problem I encountered recently.
The book is downloaded from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG e-Reader.
I connect the eReader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.
I eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the reader.
Then, when I try to open the downloaded book to read it, a message pops up saying that my reader is not allowed to open this book because I would have to authorize it again with my PRS-ORG ID and import it again.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, so I have this permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy the book, but I downloaded it from the library.
The latest one, today, is N.E.O.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
I think so.
Anyway, I'm connected to wi-fi and the automatic sync is enabled.
I don't know when the last synchronization occurred.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the permission?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the permission and reinstalled it.
I will try again.
For now, I have ADE 4.5.11. I don't understand why!
I've been using it for almost 1 year.
What are the factory settings?
Hello, I have not received the payment of February 3.
I'm missing a payment
I didn't receive my February 3 payment
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
For the most complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
You have opted for payments on the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds received are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, and this is also valid for the weekend.
Attention: If the transaction you are waiting for was made before the card payments were set up, then the funds will be paid to the registered bank account and not to the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to the payment method and frequency do not affect past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I'm missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thanks for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in this case, it seems necessary to get a human's help.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
hello thank you
Ok, thank you very much
Ok, thank you very much
no, thanks a lot
Thank you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello, as you know, Star Wars Battlefront 2 has become unplayable
people die1hp due to a bug or godmode hack
you have been aware of this for several days now
the game is becoming unplayable
hello?
EMAIL
the problems come from your end!
From the servers
Thousands of players are complaining and you're feigning?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
The devs have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is definitely about the server hack
thanks for the support
disgraceful
no respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes
My terminal is blocked
I'm looking for how to send payment requests to clients
I don't have this feature in my application
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Have you read my questions?
I'm looking for a way to send payment links to my clients
But I don't have the payments by link in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, that would really help me
Thank you, I count on you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello,
I'm having trouble linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account.
Thank you
You want the email address from my PRS-ORG account, is that correct?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account, I get this message:
An issue has occurred.
An error prevented us from finalizing your request.
Try again later.
For PRS-ORG rewards
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the last sent ID card is good.
and how do I set up my bank account?
which is the one recorded?
yes, and I sent back an identity card without receiving anything in return
I don't have an IBAN that ends with 0507
yes
I can't change it directly on the app
and I just sent back the identity card... it's quite urgent anyway...
ok.. well, I'll send you my RIB..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thank you
I would like you to help me, because I have never been lucky with the PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing it since I was 10 years old and I've never become a big player.
My friend got Hakimi One to Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Only a few days ago, NAME-M was there.
I keep putting money into the game, preordering to get 4600 PRS-ORG points and I never seem to get lucky.
I don't know what to do, please help me
I understand, but how come my friend has all these players?
In fact, he got an icon in a previewable pack...
Well, it doesn't matter if you can't do anything
Thanks anyway
So I will definitely stop playing this game
Thank you, happy holidays
Through chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I look at your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I received an invoice via SMS and I would like to receive it by e-mail to get reimbursed
Transaction ID: ALPHANUMERICID, amount: 14.69€
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice on my email.
Thank you
Hello, I have been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase for the last 2 days. I entered all the information, I clicked 'Continue' and 'Register', the visa verification light is on permanently and I get no response.
I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, but I still have the same problem.
What's going on?
Thank you for answering me.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I want to buy the T2
Yes, but usually, it doesn't get stuck at the payment!
Why now?
Then what should I do?
Okay.
Thank you, I'll do it right away
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money on my blocked account
I want my money in my account balance, which is already closed
Okay.
ok, but I've already sent a new bank account where the money will be transferred
yes I am here
yes, I am here
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
This is BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN.
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I made a mistake in the account I linked to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
yes
It is linked to no account, I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I don't want that, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes, I can't unlink my account
yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, I would like to dissociate them
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
thank you
hello
my terminal is locked what should I do
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
What can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on the device screen, unfortunately it means that it is defective.
Its security system has been triggered and this lock is irreversible.
I am unable to process this type of request, so I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
Could I have a phone number to call, please?
thank you, it will be easier for me this way.
Hello, my device is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How do I change my email address?"
”.
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the screen of the device, it unfortunately means that it is defective.
The security system has been triggered, and the lock is irreversible.
Since I am not able to process this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who will be able to carry out the necessary verifications and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry, I have clients
I received an error code BK PHONENUMBER
then I plugged it in and pressed the start button
I pressed hold to boot then release to boot
it turned off
I pressed bk
sorry, I will contact you again when I have more time, I have a customer appointment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
I have been disconnected and counted as a defeat when I win 3 or 4 to 0 several times in a team match.
this makes me lose ranks and therefore move forward for my team
I repeat, I get disconnected during clash of clans matches
I'm disconnected and thus lose the match even though I win the match
It was not online
so there's nothing to do
I'm in clan war so it's your game that's making me disconnect...
de gouter
I'm fed up, I play the game and I get scammed... I really have the feeling that you don't care about players like me
not to mention the times when I find myself with 8 or 9 lag issues from the beginning of the match due to a bug...
Hello
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I bought the e-book "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I am disappointed with this purchase on your platform which usually provides well prepared books!
I would therefore like a refund of the corresponding 15.99€
thank you in advance
Best regards
EMAIL
Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1 of NAME-M, bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No, thanks, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I don't receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can I do it?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
les fiancées du pacifique
I'm going to try PRS-ORG
I'm connected on my computer but on my eReader...
How do I reset it with my eReader?
I don't receive the email
Ok.
I just tested it and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my eReader doesn't recognize my account
there was an update last night and now I can't access it
it says: connection failed
it seems that URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
but I'm on wifi with my computer to which I connected my reader
I restarted it and it's loading...
yes!!!
It works, it just needed a little more time!
whew, thanks for your help
ok, I accessed the book I bought yesterday...
have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14th and I still haven't received it...
February 11, sorry
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you!
Yes, on your website.
Here is the order number PHONENUMBER
The tracking information indicates that the package has been at the border since February 14th.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
But I did order through this profile... I received an invoice at my email address, EMAIL
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But I normally used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission at 1.49%
This is the one
The one I am writing to you right now
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues?
It would be easier that way
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
It's the order number on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
Pleased to meet you!
All is well, thank you, although I'm experiencing a technical issue with the PRS-ORG game on PC
I have not been able to access the transfer market to buy a player for more than an hour.
how did this happen?
Thank you in advance and I'm waiting for your response.
It seems to me that this is a security block put in place by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I'm not a hacker or a bot.
It's the right one.
When I try to access the PRS-ORG transfer market
when I try to search for the player I want
it indicates to me
"There was a communication problem with the PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
everything else in the game works except the transfer market, where I get this message and I am kicked out of the transfer market
very well, thank you
thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor.
Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite get that.
Could you rephrase your request?
I want to speak to a counsellor
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I no longer have access to the transfer.
Which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I don't have anymore
Do you understand?
Hello
You are the as
Yes, I'll do it right now
Yes, but it's not the old number
To which email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
Yes, thanks!
I hope you are too!
While trying to start NAME-M's 24h mission, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it was gone, along with all its accessories.
It is no longer in my city or in the inventory...
No, it is on the iPad.
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start NAME-M's 24-hours mission that requires the PRS-ORG Palace, and that's when I found out that this chateau is no longer in my city or in my inventory
This Boitingham castle unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but no longer the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Through the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be put in touch with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, how can I contact you?
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
Can you give me your email address so that I can send you the proof of identity?
contact me by email
your message is not displayed
Leave me a message by email, it will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
