Hello!
One of the books I bought is not opening anymore for reading.
When I click on it to read, it closes the app.
It’s the only book where this is happening.
EMAIL
I do not remember the exact date, but it was last week, if I'm not mistaken
I can't leave right now to confirm this
The speech of the image
NAME-N
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please introduce yourself?
NAME-M 😎
I enter a match and when I or the adversary get out of the game I get redirected and quit the ut
In all game modes
I don’t know if it is a disconnection because I’ve been like this since 4 am.
I was making the swaps in the friendlies.
Yes
I was doing the swaps on the friends list, causing golden goal
I needed 2 goals and one assist in depth.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I have your name please?
Yes sir
NAME-M
I'm good.
Currently, I have been experiencing some problems with the game PRS-ORG related to reward bugs
With the new event going on, it shows that I have already completed it and can claim all rewards
But I'm stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly.
I have sent the photos
When I do the missions, it already shows that I’ve completed all of them, but I’m still trapped in ALPHANUMERICID
Hi, how can I help you?
Thank you
This problem is making me a little annoyed because the event rewards are very good and I can't resgata them because of this problem.
Is everything alright?
I thought it was just me and I was a bit more relieved knowing that you guys had already been working to fix this
I'm much more calm, I didn't want to lose the event's items kk
No, thank you very much
Good Morning, NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
And now I can't change it to English
I installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
I couldn't find any settings in the game or in PRS-ORG
Thank you
EMAIL
lol but that is obvious my friend
I thought there would be another way to change without having to download 8GB of the game again
But I imagined there wouldn't be another way
I appreciate it either way.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
NAME-N
good evening, my PRS-ORG the Career Mode is not working, it is not bringing up the files when I open the game
it is always as if it were the first time
I have to select time control and play that match
I already uninstalled it 3 times but the problem persists
I saw tips for changing the watch to semi-assisted at the time it works but when I restart the game the bug comes back
I lose my save game
Every time I have to do it again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please provide your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Hello, my brother did a PRS-ORG in my account without wanting to.
He made a mistake however I am the one to suffer because he sent the players on my team.
Would it be possible to reclaim the players?
Once again, I apologize for any inconvenience caused.
Yes, if that's possible, since it was just a mistake made by my younger brother.
I'm sorry again.
EMAIL
That's my dad's email because I've been playing PRS-ORG on this account for a long time
And at that time I did not yet have an email.
If it could be personal it would be more convenient.
Thank you anyways.
Good night to you!
Hello there folks, good day to you.
I just looked and saw that my 300 bonus didn't come in, damn I didn't know it had to be on games over 1.80, I lost because I put everything on it thinking I would have the bonus, and there's no way to release it?
D: Hey guys, good morning. I just checked that my 300 bonus hasn't been credited, oh damn I didn't know it had to be at least a 1.80 game, I lost because I bet everything I had thinking I would receive the bonus, is there no way to release it?
Excuse me, I didn’t see that it had to be above 1.80.
I saw it just now when I was soliciting for it.
I made the 300 deposit precisely to be able to play in peace
I knew I would get the bonus.
in the case of a loss.
So I made a safer bet and lost, I went to ask and it was not given.
Thank you dear.
Poxa, no.
Thank you.
I thought you could make an exception
actually it was 300
please
cannot see?
with the people over there
So, everything is okay.
until next time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I ask you for your name, please?
My name is NAME-M.
Good.
However, I’m having difficulty logging in to my account for PRS-ORG mobile to my browser.
Yes
Yes
Whenever trying to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears.
I would like more information on that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you give me your name, please?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I can not find the mod folder for PRS-ORG, I've already launched the game and the folder was not created.
I had personalized content before, I had to format the notebook and NAME-M came back with all the content
But there is no mods folder.
When I enter the game, several custom contents appear, but the folder does not exist.
That's it, the folder doesn't exist
I have already gone where it is required on PRS-ORG games, the PRS-ORG and afterwards there is no such folder
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-F
Good evening.
Hello. I can’t play The PRS-ORG since my PRS-ORG appears completely out of focus.
The support told me to use PRS-ORG Name Surname, but it didn't work.
I also named the folder The PRS-ORG Old and loaded the game to create a new folder, but it did not resolve.
I want to be able to play the game but PRS-ORG is completely blurred. (The landscape isn't)
I was using it, but as it wasn't working, I deactivated it and deleted it.
And without mods the problem is the same
It doesn't work, the PRS-ORG appears completely out of focus.
There are no mods there.
I already tried it and it didn’t solve the issue
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
look at what a business this is the PRS-ORG server is falling all the time today because
This was not the case
this is happening something we don't know
now the game doesn't work again
Nice to meet you
you can access the ALPHANUMERICID
look it is not working
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you let me know your name please?
NAME-M
I would like you to explain how it’s possible that your technicians do not find a solution for my simple problem
I do not have access to the PRS-ORG market in the web app
Only in the web app
And I have already seen what you recommend doing
I have already done this and waited but nafa
And they say that there is no possible resolution?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I please have your name?
NAME-M
good evening
I'm having problems with my game
I have been trying to solve the problem with my game for quite some time now, but it still doesn't solve the problem
and I would like to reimburse him
but the starting period for playing the game for the first time has already passed
but I wasn't even able to play the game
because the game just stays in the menu screens
EMAIL
NAME-N
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you tell me your name, please?
NAME-F
So, I am looking to play my PRS-ORG (full edition) and now that I've played on the PRS-ORG system, PRS-ORG says my system does not support gaming in ALPHANUMERICID and advises me to contact the developer to update the game so I can continue playing
This is why I am here asking for your help
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, after looking into it I am aware of that.
But my contact is a request for PRS-ORG to update the game to the most current systems
Thank you NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I'm unable to download PRS-ORG
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG was unable to download your game.
Check your Internet connection and try again.
Other games are not experiencing this error
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name, please?
Good evening.
My name is NAME-F
I hope you are also doing well :)
I downloaded PRS-ORG again and it is in English, I remember when I was playing on the other computer it was in Portuguese
Unfortunately I wasn't able to find the settings
Could you tell me how to set the PRS-ORG to portuguese?
Yes, I'm unable to access PRS-ORG in Portuguese.
Thank you so much for your help!
Oh, thank you very much!
Do you know if this will have any forecast?
Or if the language change will be automatic?
Thank you
It's just that.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please could you provide me with your name?
I have a PRS-ORG and play the PRS-ORG
I want to play the PRS-ORG draft mode, however I don't have enough PRS-ORG points to enter, nor can I buy them
What can I do?
Yes
And it is very difficult to get normal coins since it takes a long time
That is difficult, there is no other way to access the mode
I saw that the servers will end on the 14th
What will happen after that
There will be no way to play this mode anymore, right?
PRS-ORG I cannot open packs, as the store is not available for any kind of purchase
Even the ones that you get by completing the initial missions
There's no way to open them
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
Hello, my PRS-ORG is blocked
I can not enter without knowing what is happening
I haven't done anything against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Hold on.
I'll check.
Yes
The computer has a lot, NAME-N.
Thanks for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I know your name please?
Good night
I would like help with the PRS-ORG. I bought it more or less two months ago and now it is broken!
I need help, I’ve had several problems with the game that are freezing and now this loss!
I would like to request your consideration
I bought the ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year, and I just checked and it's free
I just spoke to them and they said it was with you
now it seems that I am going to be sidelined
I would like the help of someone
about the case
Yes, but I paid for it and now everyone has it for free.
ok, I understand your position, I am not satisfied and I am sorry for this position.
The game is available for free to all subscribers and I paid for it.
thank you for your attention and I apologize for bothering you
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
Good morning NAME-F, are you doing well?
My name is NAME-M
I would like to see assistance for the situation I am having with my PRS-ORG
I am also doing good, thank you
Then, the following happens
since I bought the PRS-ORG, I haven't been able to play a match without having some kind of performance issue, the FPS drops all the time and when it drops to below 60, the game starts crashing
I already tried several tips on the internet on what to do to solve it and nothing worked, even the second patch update that should have corrected problems like that as it was on the description didn't work and I don't know what to do anymore, but one thing is for sure, I can't play the game
I even tried to ask for a refund of PRS-ORG but since it had already passed two hours (two hours that I was trying to get the game to work), they did not accept
And I do not know what to do anymore, and it is impossible to play any game mode\
Hello?
I believe I have already done all of this and the problem still persists
not to mention the silence of PRS-ORG about these problems and a future update to fix this
because I don't know what else to do
Okay, I'll do it
but let's be honest if PRS-ORG releases a patch it's going to take a few months yet ne
and if it works
but thank you for the help
no, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
good afternoon
my name is NAME-M
I am having problems opening the packages I won
at the store
Thank you
that's 4 packs OK?
There's a warning about a connection and login issue.
I already tried through the app and there was nothing
ok
ok.
I'll wait.
I'll get back in touch
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
Hello NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: how can I buy the PRS-ORG game to offer?
In this case, a code so that the person could download the game onto their PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy there, do I have a link that I can offer?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please indicate your name for me?
hi
good evening
I just downloaded the game
PRS-ORG games
I cannot change the language of the PRS-ORG
yes
I am not able to
it's in English
So just a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I please have your name?
hi my name is NAME-M.
i want to  put my prs-org prs-org account on my pc
How can I do it?
okay
Thank you.
Ahh
ok
OK
No.
Okay.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
Hello there, I hope you are doing well, let's move on with my problem. I used to play ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG platform and then I bought a PRS-ORG and another PRS-ORG, and the game works fine. The only problem is that I can't play with my friends online, they also have the PRS-ORG.
My registered email is :
EMAIL
ID: NAME-N
I've already tried everything I know, and I've spoken with some other guys on chat, but they weren't able to help me either.
That is, I can't play the online mode with my friends.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, please let me know your name.
reimbursement from PRS-ORG
I had a negative experience
in relation to the performance on my computer
The app lags way too much.
and it wasn't what I expected
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
Hi NAME-N!
Here's me, NAME-F
I need help to access my PRS-ORG account, the code is not arriving in my email
It just arrived a code haha
Thank you for your attention NAME-N!
No, that was it!
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
good afternoon
all right
I am good, thank you for asking
So my PRS-ORG is not starting
I would like to unlink my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
I think the error is that
correct
EMAIL
verify that please
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
Good day
NAME-M
I'm doing well, and how about you?
i would like to change the email address associated with my PRS-ORG account
How could I do this?
however when I send a security code to my email to make the exchange, the message doesn't arrive...
I am not receiving the PRS-ORG emails
isso mesmo
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First off, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-N.
I would like to transfer the account which I recently disassociated from prs-org to another user anda
I disconnected this user assuming it would remain saved in PRS-ORG but when I logged back on it said I'd lost the account
Basically, I wanted to transfer my progress in the PRS-ORG account to another user
I ended up dissociating from PRS-ORG
and I can no longer log into the account
when I open PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG
he was linked to another PRS-ORG account
when I open PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG, it has been linked to another PRS-ORG account
I would like to transfer the progress of that PRS-ORG account to another one
progress only from PRS-ORG
How can I proceed?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please let me know your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I had an account with PRS-ORG which was deleted by someone else
my account was deleted.
I had my account in PRS-ORG there, and it was deleted by someone else.
I need help to recover my account.
EMAIL
Yes I need help to recover the account
it’s been a while since you last played and I think it may have been deleted or banned
Yes
Email
but that was the e-mail that I used
Good afternoon. I made a withdrawal at 00:00 yesterday and it didn't fall, I contacted you and the operator said that there was a delay in the payment, but she would request the responsible sector to pay me in advance, but when I checked my account again the withdrawal came back into my amuleto account, what happened?
NAME-N to cash out again?
NAME-N: no title png
URL: URL
NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
NAME-F what do you respond to me in the email
correct
yes
but why was it canceled
that is what I want to know
Do I withdraw the money again?
So it's not my fault
that all is ok with my account, correct?
no
Thanks
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Yes
Since yesterday's update, I have not been able to get into ultimate team on the PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all the players of PRS-ORG
I don't have PRS-ORG
Also I only have 5 friends
I can not solve the problem
I have goals to achieve.
I only have today to get the letter from NAME-N
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP I am losing by not being able to play.
But I need to play today
Because I only have until today to complete the objectives
How will you solve this situation?
Because I have PRS-ORG I'll be put at a disadvantage with other players???
I will loose players and important points
Okay.
I'll wait.
Thanks for the help
No.
That's it, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
EMAIL
510034
I didn't receive this ban before I stopped playing, so why am I banned now due to restricted activity?
I just wanted to play it again to pass the time but I'm seeing that I lost the account for nothing
NAME-M
NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you give me your name please?
Hi there, good evening
Can you help me with a doubt?
I'm wanting to buy the PRS-ORG ...
but to me it's playing the new map
I'm obligated to buy the GoL or Ultima version?
or purchasing the basic one, would I already be able to play?
Gold version or Ultimate *
or I just want to know if it is possible to play the new map buying the basic version of PRS-ORG ?
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Good evening
there is no game to download
I sent the attachment
I received notification that it was available
it says it became available at 58 minutes
How can I solve it if I have PRS-ORG?
it's already solved.
it would be necessary to restart the app prs-org
thanks
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, please let me know your name.
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG, I owned the PRS-ORG, but I did not notice that the version purchased was for him only.
Now, I upgraded to PRS-ORG and I don’t have the game for the new version.
Could you make it available somehow?
Will I have to buy the same game again?
Since it costs the same on both platforms
Hi there.
I am not going to play it anymore since I am not going to pay 2 times for the same game.
I will wait for the next year.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
Good evening, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to report two users who are using hacker in the PRS-ORG game online mode.
One of the names is NAME-N and the other is NAME-N
Both use commands that automatically aim for the heads of other players and can see through walls.
Incidentally, the online PRS-ORG games server is filled to the brim with users using these types of tricks.
Unfortunately it's very discouraging to play there.
I wish that action will be taken against them.
The most just would be the banishment of them from the platform.
Okay.
I will report in the link that you sent me.
That's all.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you give me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with twitch
“only that it asks for an access code”
in a number that I no longer have
I’ve already tried those instances.
<only> only thing is this one is saying it will send the authentication code to a number I don't have anymore</only>
and it is not the number that I have linked
I used
he takes me to where I reported the problem
it asks for a code for verification
and says q will send for a phone number
that I no longer have
and I already changed the PRS-ORG account to this number a while ago
Ok
thank you very much for the help
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG help desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I would like to have a phone contact to talk to you guys
My account has been hacked and you say that there is nothing suspicious ??
No I am not okay
You're kidding with the customers
I don't like this situation at all
I am glad to say that I am the one who did what happened to my account?
Yes, I would like to have a phone number to call.
Please
You don't have a contact number to call???
My e-mail is EMAIL
I already know that you'll say nobody has logged in
But did they enter my account?
Ok thanks
Not obligated just that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may you please tell me your name?
Hello, how are you?
My name is NAME-M.
I bought all PRS-ORG points and jewelry to earn NAME-M, and again the player did not come!
The past promotion also did not come
I made a complaint
And I did not have a refund and did not get anything
Just prejudice.
Now, the same promotion disappeared from the shop!
But this was already reported last time.
This is already the second time in a row
I'm losing money
The agent who told me that I was the first to report
Now it's still happening
But reporting alone doesn't resolve the issue
How do I request a refund?
Ok
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I ask for your name please?
My name is NAME-M
I have already been in touch with a colleague of yours about a game which was missing in my library, after doing what he told me to, the game is still missing
And I work and leave home every day at 8pm, so it's quite difficult to have a chat online that can solve my problem as I don't have access to my PC right now
EMAIL
The missing game and PRS-ORG
Game bought on the 26th of November at PRS-ORG
I have already restarted, already desoneted, already went to the dat app, already deleted the files that your colleague told me about, and still have no game
I have the proof of payment of the bank and of PRS-ORG as the game was purchased and as I already have 30hrs in it
It was paid 47.99€
I was able to start from PRS-ORG.
Given that I am not at home, I could not get the login, as soon as I arrive I will check!
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Can you start by giving me your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I need help because my PRS-ORG is reading my controller as a PRS-ORG
however my control is from PRS-ORG
in the PRS-ORG it is reading my control as PRS-ORG even though my control is PRS-ORG and the control settings in the PRS-ORG are set to PRS-ORG
However, when I open the game it's set to PRS-ORG
Previously it was normal, I already tried everything to fix it but it did not work
it was
it changed to PRS-ORG for no reason
and it won't come out somehow
I took a print to show that it is marked as PRS-ORG controller in PRS-ORG.
where can I send it to?
now it went back to normal
thank you very much
Have a good night
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can I have your name, please?
NAME-M, I have 38 players listed for transfer in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear as sold but I have not received the coins nor can I remove them.
They are just frozen there.
I need gold cards to make the PRS-ORG
Did you understand?
Therefore, the 38 players are stuck there in my transfer list
They are low amounts.
They are gold players of maximum overall 79, around 1,500 for each player.
They are stuck there in my transfer list.
all gold, rare or common.
I should add the values of each player and I didn't
But it is the second time you guys are in error with me.
Time is passing and nothing is done.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Hello good afternoon
my PRS-ORG does not open
every time I update the system this happens
I bought it through PRS-ORG
My name is NAME-M.
EMAIL
it simply doesn't open
I already disabled the antivirus
I have already played around in the app data
and it makes no difference
I have already done this my friend
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
Name-N
NAME-N, clicking to play multiplayer the game closes
in just a few seconds
What could it be?
PRS-ORG
I downloaded it from PRS-ORG, but it requires using PRS-ORG to play it
I would love to send you a video of what is happening
Okay, I downloaded the PRS-ORG, the game loads normally, the campaign mode works normal
only the multiplayer not
but the campaign works normal, I can play normal
This error influences only the multiplayer
actually it's not even an error, the game just closes
I am going to try to uninstall and install it again
no
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Good afternoon
Is that I can't unlink the prime gaming account
I wanted to put my new account
If you could help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Ok I’ll wait thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Why does PRS-ORG have a trash server?
DO NOT ASK QUESTIONS
JUST READ
NAME-N, does anybody know how to read
And what problem did I say?
I did not say that it was my internet, it is not my pc
And the PRS-ORG server is GARBAGE
NAME-N, all attendants say the same thing
to this day the server is still garbage
Soon?
NAME-N that's a joke
For years and years customers complaining
PRS-ORG being stingy won't buy a new server
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
My name is NAME-M
I went to build a draft online
and it came
2 NAME-N sent me the attached image
being that this is impossible
That's right
I am unable to help.
in that case
I will take other measures against the company
we players pay to have a product, and how has PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel wronged
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
Why is the game so buggy after the update...PRS-ORG
When will the next update come out so that we can know why it is unacceptable until then...
Player stops running out of nowhere...defender jumps in front of the attacker.wingback runs twice as fast as the forwards.
I make all of us play on the other team on the first days so that we do not feel we are on the field
I'm not complaining about the gameplay
Wl do 8x1 9x1 I did 4 in suffering there is no way to play that way.
I want to know when the next update of PRS-ORG will be???
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, please may I have your name?
NAME-M
Yesterday I spoke to NAME-M about my account being hacked
Yesterday I spoke to NAME-M about my account that was invaded
I already changed my password several times
I changed the password several times and I still cannot log in to my account, which is linked to PRS-ORG
The NAME-M conversation with PRS-ORG was closed and I wasn't able to get in touch again.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you tell me your name please?
Nice to meet you too.
I have a question with PRS-ORG.
I see that you talk about becoming verified at PRS-ORG.
Is being verified reaching the elite division of the PRS-ORG?
Ok.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you give me your name, please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M.
I have doubts concerning the PRS-ORG trouble packs
I saw that those who made the player pick of PRS-ORG and took PRS-ORG will receive the player pick again
However, someone who did the PRS-ORG player pick and removed PRS-ORG will also receive the player pick?
I got a PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG pack
I understand, then how long could it take me to receive it?
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I am doing well thank you.
I have subscribed to PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG in order to play PRS-ORG but it doesn't seem to be able to purchase without buying
I'm able to download the PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check.
I can't find this game
I have now looked at the list of PRS-ORG games and all PRS-ORG are in the PRS-ORG, including the PRS-ORG
Except for PRS-ORG that is not in the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG help, my name is NAME-F.
Firstly, could you give me your name, please?
NAME-M
I contacted you shortly ago because I have the same PRS-ORG account on both the PRS-ORG and the PC, but on the PRS-ORG it gave me a different name.
In the PRS-ORG, on the PRS-ORG, I have had a team in the PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I signed in to the PRS-ORG account, a different name already showed up on the PC
PRS-ORG name - NAME-N
PRS-ORG name PC - ALPHANUMERIC
Email is the same - EMAIL
Yes exactly, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here on my PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when the PRS-ORG offered it a few months ago.
Here on the PC
Yes I know, but when I started PRS-ORG here on the PC, it fetched my PRS-ORG account, so much so that I was awarded the prizes for continuing to use my account to play.
I had never played PRS-ORG on the PC, apart from PRS-ORG.
Yes, it might be possible.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Could you start by telling me your name please?
Good afternoon NAME-M
I am NAME-M.
I was playing a weekend league and was winning 3-1 when my opponent abandoned the game
But I didn't win the victory
Can you check that for me?
EMAIL
Should I have won the game right?
No.
I think that it was the second to last
I was 3x1
Ah, everything is okay then.
But will it be counted as a victory?
I see.
Thank you.
No.
Just that
Thank you!!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon.
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put the email it doesn't go forward
It does not move forward
ValéEMAIL
Everything is lowercase and without an accent
How do I do that ?
Kkkkk
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Could you please indicate your name to start?
I just bought PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG website.
I just purchased PRS-ORG points from the PRS-ORG site
But it is not showing up in the game
Here it appears I have R$55 available
But how do I add it to PRS-ORG?
Exactly right.
CREDITCARD
this is what I bought at PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I was able to withdraw them here on the account
the value
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name?
NAME-M
Good Evening!
I would like to see with you if there is a possibility of deleting my account at PRS-ORG?
Because when I try to log in it says there's a problem with my account.
I would like to uninstall and start over.
I can't open my PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG games
also.
It reads "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account
So I enter into PRS-ORG my email libera and the app opens
But I can't link the PRS-ORG and I can't open the game
I have already uninstalled the app and the game, and installed them again
Even so, it didn't solve the problem
I really need your help, I’m talking to you for the second time in the day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure is mine
So I've been away for a while and can't get into my old account
I have a doubt regarding my email, I believe it is, EMAIL
But when I asked to recover the password, I didn't receive the email
As PRS-ORG is an old website it has changed a lot so much so that I had to reactivate my email
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Hello.
Please, I'd like to cancel my subscription to PRS-ORG
I am trying to perform the cancellation by the billing page, but the cancellation option is not appearing
The associated e-mail is the EMAIL
Everything has already been cancelled through the PRS-ORG for my PRS-ORG subscription.
A question: if I sign up for PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG, will my progress on other games that I have on PRS-ORG continue?
Or would it all begin from zero?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Can you start by giving me your name, please?
hello good afternoon
Therefore I'm having a problem with the PRS-ORG app
I can't download the PRS-ORG
msg appears: there was a problem with your download
something went wrong while downloading.
Please wait a few minutes and then try again.
Yes
so I can use PRS-ORG
I will make the procedures here
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Could you start by telling me your name, please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Likewise, NAME-M.
I made a PRS-ORG where it said "PRS-ORG player choice", but I received a PRS-ORG.
But I only entered in the PRS-ORG because I thought I would receive Player's Pick, if I knew that I would win a package, I would not have done it.
Is there anything that can be done?
Are you still there?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a game of PRS-ORG when, after taking a goal, my adversary left the game
As soon as I left the match, a message appeared saying that the match was under review.
I tried to log in the game mode again, but I couldn't. I received a message saying that I didn't have the right to play that mode.
It appears in the rivals and the PRS-ORG
On PRS-ORG I usually enter
No, I want to finish, there are still 7 games left, but I can't play them
I think I got banned unfairly
1 minute
Email
NAME-N
Ah, perfect, I was afraid of taking ban kkkkkkkkk
Thank you for the help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Here is my login to the game, my account was banned on PRS-ORG, I stopped playing for a while and I noticed some coins had disappeared
I think I was hacked!
I have been playing this game since 2012 and I have never done any anti-game!
I need you to check for me what is happening
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
so i am having a problem logging into the PRS-ORG
it says one thing that it is a problem with the PRS-ORG and another with the servers
I already went several times to the websites.
and it's never successful
what do I do
what do I do.
I got it right now
thank you for the help
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello NAME-M, good morning!
My name is NAME-M
Pleasure to meet you!
NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG through my phone, at the PRS-ORG app, when I got home, I entered the game and the PRS-ORG weren't there
I bought it again through the game, it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORG from the second purchase fell
But the first purchase did not deposit the PRS-ORG in the game.
Yes!
It’s already been 24 hours.
I bought them yesterday at 10:05.
Wow, I feel cheated for the loss of these PRS-ORG
I got it!
I will contact PRS-ORG, thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
NAME-F
How are you?
I am trying to purchase PRS-ORG points, and when I go in to see the PRS-ORG point options, a message comes up
It's not possible to add PRS-ORG points at the moment
Try again later
A few days ago, it never occurred to me.
PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Sorry, I didn't understand?
Is the server blocked to buy PRS-ORG points for PRS-ORG 18?
I understand, so it's just a temporary problem.
If in 24 hours I am not able to, I will contact you again.
Thanks for your attention
Recently we purchased 24 e-books via the PRS-ORG app and paid by credit card.
I would like to know if an invoice will be issued for this purchase??
In awaiting.
EMAIL
3/3/2021
Recently we made the purchase of 24 e-books through the PRS-ORG app and paid with a credit card.
I would like to know if a receipt will be issued for this purchase??
Waiting for your reply.
Will you issue an NF for the purchase we made through the PRS-ORG app?
Is an NF generated for every product sold, right?
I would like to know if you will send me the NF of the purchase of 24 e-books that we have just made by e-mail
HOW SO?
Don't you have a partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please provide your name for me?
Good evening NAME-M.
I was already speaking to another agent but my connection was lost
I am doing well, thank you for asking
My game of PRS-ORG is bugged, where the icon marker is changing without me touching the control
I have already changed the controller and it still continues to behave in this way
Yes.
When I turn on the game the arrow to select the icons keep changing positions without stopping, and all this without me touching the controller.
I have used different controls and the bug still continues.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Could you help me?
I already have PRS-ORG linked to the PRS-ORG account
I already used to play PRS-ORG normally... until yesterday
today I can't log on PRS-ORG anymore, says: sorry but an error occurred when connecting to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
I even formatted my PC to see if it would work.... it just doesn't work any way
I am sending a print screen
It just started working again
did you make any changes?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Good evening
I can’t link my account to PRS-ORG
I input the email and password but the code doesn't get sent to the email
EMAIL
that above is the main one
the secondary email is EMAIL
but it doesn't give the option to link secondary account
I managed to put in that code that you sent
thx
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M. First of all, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-F, my name is NAME-M.
I have a certain problem in particular
at my PRS-ORG
I am having a problem
which is that when I try to change the graphic of the shadow detail to off, it switches back to low out of nowhere
I only want to leave it deactivated, but I can't
EMAIL
here is the email
It must be some technical problem, NAME-F I tried to uninstall the game and reinstall it, format the pc, and it didn't work
still the same problem
NAME-F?
it has been a long time since
It’s been almost a year already.
isn't that the problem
The problem is in my graphic of the game
it is just the "shadow details [lighting]" that changes to low by itself
same as wanting to leave it deactivated
NAME-M, I hope to get a response from you as soon as possible.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
May I know your name please?
Hello 😸
My 10/10/10 membership failed to log
Each one of the team has to kill 10 people to get it, we got it but it didn't count
PRS-ORG Game
I have a photo and video if that helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, please allow me to ask, can you indicate your name for me?
Hello good morning
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked to the email EMAIL
Last night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG and they have not yet entered into my account
PRS-ORG ID
E-mail EMAIL
I bought them directly from the PRS-ORG shop
The purchase directly from the game was giving an error
I opened the PRS-ORG menu, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points, and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reais
Keep this value that the account has the PRS-ORG subscription
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please indicate your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
Yesterday I renewed the subscription of the PRS-ORG but it entered in duplication.
I want to cancel one of the charges
the subscription is for PRS-ORG
I purchased it from PRS-ORG itself
in the PRS-ORG app
ok then
thanks
that's all
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
good dua
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
I have to inform you that the application has been received.
.. there is still to test whether I can download
and to find out if the pamphlet that came with the PRS-ORG worked
where do I print it?
with the instruction manual
I bought version 4
without the limitations of the free one to be launched on the 18th
already appeared in the download environment
but I need to know where the manual is to download with the licence for use and instructions
also
it would be like downloading and starting it and the instruction manual equal to the the PRS-ORG
when I bought it was in physical media
and the instruction manual
yes
Thank you very much
good day and good work
Only that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may you give your name please?
Hello good evening!
I would like to claim my reward from the rivals since I have completed 8 weekly victories
My name is NAME-M
My email is EMAIL
Ah yes 🙌🏻
Hey there!
Thank you for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I sent the picture of the error when I tried to log in
I was in an online match and in the middle of the match my internet went down.
I'm trying to reconnet but can't.
I sent a photo of the error.
I would like to enter the PRS-ORG menu
I need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I am restarting the console
PRS-ORG console
And I'll try again.
I think it worked 🤞🤞
It was this
Thanks a lot for the help
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
First off, could you indicate your name to me please?
I purchased PRS-ORG
has not dropped
I have already attached it as you asked
and I need them to be manually placed
because I want to buy something with a time limit to purchase.
PRS-ORG
EMAIL
guy i will miss the promotion and I will sue you.
the second time I open the call and you're on this nonsense
confirmation was already sent, it should already be in my account.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please indicate your name?
Hello friend
I was banned and wanted to use my email again for another account
I want you to delete my account
Yes
Delete everything
I want to use this email again friend
EMAIL
the account has already been deactivated and you guys keep the email.
My PRS-ORG account is from this email, I cannot play PRS-ORG on it because you are retaining my email
To alter how?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you give me your name, please?
NAME-M
So NAME-M, good evening!
I’m having a problem with disconnects, or dc, as it’s better known, in my account
It's not my internet, because I'm never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, only from matches
And this is really harming me, especially in the PRS-ORG's, since it's very important not to lose silly matches just to try to reach a higher rank, now if I'm taking this type of disconnection every week, what do I do?
That, I am encountering a disconnection issue
Enough**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please indicate your name?
Good afternoon, everything is fine!!
So, it seems that you have received an update today, right?
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, but when I started, the game gave an error.
I have already uninstalled, and reinstalled it
However, the error still persists.
I can not play, error message appears
I have the picture
May I keep this chat open for 4 minutes in order to check with my team?
I'll be waiting
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and it's all good
Only PRS-ORG really gave me the error after this update, and the same does not work
Do you think you can release it today?
Or do you give any deadline?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To begin, can you give me your name, please?
Name-M
Thank you.
My account of PRS-ORG has been suspended of the transference market
Your Account: ALPHANUMERICID
However I am not in any buying and selling scheme of coins
Correct
Of course
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
I would like to replace the PRS-ORG account that is associated to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked a PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account but it is my cousin's and I signed up for PRS-ORG and for that reason I want to change one account for the other
I want to link another account first
Except that I can't do it because it says that I can't link another account
But I don't want to use both, I only want to put the prime that I signed
I want to link another Prime gaming account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name, please?
My name is NAME-M.
I bought the PRS-ORG and it does not charge.
It gets stuck on the loading screen of the history mode
My pc meets the requirements to play and I have already tried to turn the graphics down to maximum to try and load
Then what remains is to wait for it to be fixed?
Is there nothing I can do?
I want to play the game
It happens that at the beginning of the year, the same game was on promotion and I bought it and had the exact same problem.
I got a refund because I thought it was a problem with the hardware.
Do I have to wait another year to be able to play the game?
Eight months have passed and the problem has not been resolved
it is difficult to rely on your word that it will be resolved soon
What a joke
But okay
I don't really have anything to do
Thanks for at least letting me know
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I am not able to start a match.
This happened after I did an M.E.D. There was an error in my M.E.D.
Today morning I was playing normal
Now the evening is with the problem
A message appears that says I have a problem connecting to PRS-ORG
And then returns to the main menu
I am unable to start a game in any mode
I have already tested my connection and it's alright
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
Is everything alright with my account?
Are others also experiencing this problem
How do I solve this?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First off, could you please state your name?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I am not able to play the PRS-ORG.
I have the PRS-ORG assinatura of PRS-ORG, it includes the PRS-ORG
The thing is that upon opening the game, the error shows up, which I attached the pictures to.
Remember that this is a 10-hour exam
I even managed to access the game earlier.
But now I'm trying and the error described appears
Speak so I can check my subscription, it is active until 02 of next month
Ok
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you introduce yourself, please?
My name is NAME-M
I am good, and you?
I am having a problem getting into PRS-ORG mode and some friends are having the same problem
How nice!
☺️
Yes, I even sent it in the beginning of the conversation
A picture of what is appearing
It wasn't possible to connect with PRS-ORG.
Try again later.
This message that appears
What I play PRS-ORG is another profile.
I play PRS-ORG in one account and PRS-ORG in the following
EMAIL
It is the email
Yes yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I still have problems to start the game
I can’t play
Anti-cheat gives trouble
This memory dump shows up in the error message
I entered in contact earlier and was told that this problem would be solved immediately
and I signed the PRS-ORG just to play the game today
I want to know when I can play
Yes,
I've tried a lot already.
and nothing is resolved.
you must already be aware of this problem
so what is the solution?
So the problem is with the anticheat, is it?
Shall I not do anything on my computer?
ok
Thank you
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, please let me know your name?
NAME-M
I am unable to play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG
A message pops up saying that I don't have the right permissions.
Yes.
It says I don't have the necessary rights to access this resource.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
May I begin by asking your name please?
NAME-F
I was talking to another attendant and the chat dropped.
regarding my last open case of PRS-ORG
no, I bought PRS-ORG at their event!
but then you nerfed him and he is unplayable, my request was to be able to exchange my PRS-ORG for the wraith's new one!
since I deeply regretted that I purchased his and it's vc6 nerfed
I would be very grateful if you could help me
I was talking with another attendant, but then he dropped out, he said that he would check with the team
attendant*
yes or a refund to buy a wraith one
new one from wraith
PRS-ORG is the game I love the most, the one I've been playing since season 1
I would be very grateful if you could help me
damn
Not even a code for me to try and buy the new heritage?
I would not be against you taking it off the saw.
seer
you give so much codes to these streamers who keep talking bad about the game and us, the real gamers, we get prejudiced by the nerfing you do to our characters.
I would be playing with it if they hadn't killed it.
now I spent and regretted and ngm could help me
a code, you would be helping me to complete what is missing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Hi my account was invaded or my cellphone was hacked, I'm not sure. They sold my players and my coins vanished and I was banned from the market.
I was so focused on my account that this happened, I'm feeling discouraged
I have already been trying to get in touch with you guys, please pay me attention 5 stars; the support only sends email that won't reverse the house.
In case
My account is old and has never been banned, it wasn't me.
And for starting over another account won't do, I already have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is linked
Help me please
I'm desperate
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
For starters, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
this problem has been happening for a week already
I am very angry.
When I start the anticheat, the message "it was not possible to start appears.
You need admin rights. This problem has persisted for a week.
I need a reply with urgency
YEAH BABE
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-F
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello, NAME-F.
NAME-M.
So, I took advantage of the 70% discount that PRS-ORG is offering and decided to acquire the PRS-ORG.
NAME-F, I installed it, but when I try to run the game, I got these error messages... I don't know what it is or how to fix it...
I sent the print as an attachment when I opened the chat.
Yes, that's correct.
I open the game through the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG webpage, it also starts through PRS-ORG, and the errors I sent in the print appear.
Did NAME-F manage to access the print that I sent?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
I already reinstalled the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG App, but PRS-ORG will not open.
The PRS-ORG App opens twice and the game doesn't open.
Everything was normal until yesterday.
That's correct.
I've already looked at all the tutorials you have available.
I have no other option than to format my computer...
In fact the last support agent sent me 3 links to my email that I had already accessed previously.
EMAIL
this is associated with my PRS-ORG account, where the purchase was made.
No error message appears.
It simply does not open.
It does not even open the PRS-ORG
The PRS-ORG APP simply closes and opens again in offline mode
ok
Those were the same links you sent me last time.
I have already accessed it and it did not solve anything.
I guess I'll have to try to format my computer, because you do not even know the reason.
Thanks for nothing
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hi, my friend, how are you?
Hello my friend, how are you?
I am, indeed.
I bought the PRS-ORG a few minutes ago, but I didn't enjoy the game that much.
so I wanted to ask for a refund
can you help me with that?
Sure, one moment friend
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Good evening!
My name is NAME-M.
I was thinking about purchasing the PRS-ORG via the PRS-ORG, but I can’t figure out if my PC has the requirements to run the game
My processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID 2.40 GHz
and I have 8 GB of RAM
but the graphics card is
Yes, but the graphics card only has Nvidia or PRS-ORG
My graphics is Intel HD graphics 520
Is it possible to run the game?
Ah, ok.
well, it seems that I have to invest in a video card
Thank you for the help!
thank you
That’s it for today!
Good rest of the day and good job!
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the sever went down
Will I lose the game?
Yes but will my entry in PRS-ORG be refunded ?
I cannot connect
The server is down.
My internet is perfect
The server went down when I was in the game
I would like to know if I will receive my PRS-ORG entry refunded?
Plus I'm not the only one who can't log in
Everybody I know is not able to log in.
It wasn't the problem with my internet.
It was a problem with the server of PRS-ORG
I just don't want to lose the game because of that
I just want the entry back in PRS-ORG
Ok
Just that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
wanted a refund
from the game I purchased PRS-ORG
I can't play
the game has a bug I am not able to join in to play
it has conditions and I don't want money back
3 days that I can't log in to play.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, may I get your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M of birth
Good night how are you doing?
I am contacting because I deleted my team and want to check if it's possible to see it again
NAME-N this game makes me so nervous lol.
Exactly the same.
In the end
Club name The Wizard’s Troop
Ok
EMAIL
Hmm ok so I am ending my participation in PRS-ORG
Thank you very much for the try
Good evening NAME-F, all is well, stay with God.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I have your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Is everything okay?
My house in the PRS-ORG disappeared
I was in contact now, they asked to follow a step-by-step error resolution by PRS-ORG
I had to restart the computer and I lost the chat, but it didn't work
I did not use any corrupted items, only the ones from the package,
It disappeared for a while, I opened a solution request, after some time the update came and it appeared again
I created the family and when I put it in the house it was gone again
Correct.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening my question is with regards to PRS-ORG.
PRS-ORG 10 o’clock only counts when the game is open
Or does it count since the first moment the game is opened
And also if I close the game and do something else the test goes on in the meantime
Or only when the game is open?
In the case if I shut down my PC will the time still keep going?
If the game is completely closed
Does the time still continue if I turn off my PC?
Or only if the game is open
Ok, thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To get started, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Nice to meet you.
I am absolutely desperate because yesterday I entered my account and I found out that practically all my coins had been taken.
About 1 million and 100 thousand coins.
I don't know what to do about this!
That's why I'm here to ask for help.
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, I just contacted you regarding a problem downloading my purchase.
I just redid the purchase and got the same problem
My name is NAME-M.
How are you doing?
I continue with a problem to download the PRS-ORG package for the PRS-ORG The I bought.
I am using the PRS-ORG App.
Could it be a problem with the app ?
I managed to download
I cleared the app cache
of the PRS-ORG App in the "Recovery of the application" option
worked .
Thanks for now!
Good evening
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-F
I bought a game and can't download it. Can you help me?
I installed the PRS-ORG application on my computer
I bought The PRS-ORG collection of worlds
EMAIL
I am not getting an error message, I wanted you to teach me how to download the game using the PRS-ORG app
he only shows up (DO YOU HAVE THAT ADD-ON ALREADY)
But I do not know how to download the game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG account that is already a level 500
however I want to play on the PC and link the same account
when the cross progression comes will it be wrong to lose my things from the PRS-ORG account?
the game is PRS-ORG legends
but I want to play on pc right now
with the same email.
etc
will there be any future problems?
I am a writer and the rights holder of the book The Fairy and the Wizard.
URL
You cannot sell it!
the the company that put the book there cannot see the same... please take it down...
I do not speak as a user.
I speak as a writer and owner of the rights.
you are human
I want to speak with a human.
thank you, I am going to open a case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Hello, good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to solve my problem, I decided to get in touch with you.
After trying to solve the problem several times, I decided to contact you.
I tried everything I saw on the internet to solve it, but it was all in vain
Basically, you are my last chance.
As for this one, I didn't do that.
Do you want me to do it?
Give me just a minute, please, I'll be quick.
Unfortunately it still gives me the same error.
After you follow all the steps, you got the same error when you start PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately I can’t open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS in the PRS-ORG App Companion.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hi, I'm not able to connect to rivals
It’s been more than 15 hours.
I am now able to login and play rivals.
A warning is appearing for over 15 hours
Yes
I had already contacted support, and they said the problem would be fixed quickly
However the problem still remained
Alright, but what about the rewards?
As I am still missing 1 game to catch and there are 12 hours left before the end of the Rivals
That's all for now
And would I be able to claim these bundles later?
Because it's the progress of the entire season, there are 89 games to catch the best recompensae, and I'm not able to play to get the 90th game
It's frustrating to play a whole season and not be rewarded
And even more so in such an important event like the TOTY
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Hello!
so a while back I deleted my Gmail which was part of a PRS-ORG account and now I can no longer get to my old account precisely because I deleted my old Gmail
Could you help me with this?
this account I am talking about now and my gmail act, that is, I want to try to recover my old account
that is registered in this gmail
EMAIL
this old gmail was deleted and I forgot to change it in PRS-ORG before I deleted it, and I had games there
such as bf4 and others
Would it be possible to recover the account using PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG. My name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
then, NAME-M.
Today I purchased and downloaded the game NAME-F and after the installation the game doesn’t open.
It is giving the following message: "There was an error on our part that caused an initialization failure.
"Try again later."
No, it is installed.
But it doesn’t open when I start it...
Yes
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
why did I like the amuletobet
I found a better bookmaker
A The URL fast and bonus withdrawal
I can’t play with such platforms
Sorry but I can't.
Bonus denied
This is why I want the exclusion of my account and nor the Bonus I do not want it because I already decided and in my way.
I do not want any more, I found a better gambling house and I value that and my form very much.
Bye already, thank you.
For the exclusion.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
I purchased the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and when I start PRS-ORG my game isn’t in the library, when I start from PRS-ORG I am redirected to PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I did not receive any code, it gives an error of access denied, I have a proof of purchase printout
Yes
Actually, I bought from PRS-ORG, I didn't know there was a code
but when I start the game I am redirected to the PRS-ORG and it asks me for the code
I entered contact with the PRS-ORG and I was directed to the PRS-ORG site, and now I'm lost. One sent me to the other.
and here on your own website it says I can come to you
I lost my code and didn't install it with PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose a product code, please contact us so that we can help you.
You may be asked for proof of purchase, so have it handy.
that's a topic that I found
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I ask your name please?
NAME-F
Pleased to meet you
I bought the game PRS-ORG , but I cannot access it
I teach the email but I cannot finish it
I can’t move forward and use it.
Thank you so much
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Please help me.
I was hacked and as far as I can tell deleted my PRS-ORG club.
I've invested a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and I can't lose my account like that.
I sent you the photo in the attachment this morning, now I tried to log in to my PRS-ORG companion app and I do not have a club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thank you for the help
I played for the last time on Tuesday night.
Yesterday I didn't play because I worked all day and today when I wanted to enter the club this morning it said that the club didn't exist.
Ok thanks for the information
So you say that this is it and I was not hacked
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
I am trying to link a PRS-ORG account
but it says another is already linked
and I already unlinked it last week
EMAIL
this is the email that I want to link
what is listed as linked is the EMAIL
I was not using the old one
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon
My name is NAME-M
I cannot get into my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG game
The application closes as soon as I enter the option to put the account
Yes
I already restarted the device.
I already uninstalled and installed the app
And again the problem persists
No
The game was installed recently
The game was newly installed
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you let me know your name please?
NAME-M
My name is that
I am great.
I am not able to login on the PRS-ORG mobile
In the case, on my account
The login error occurs because it simply won't load for me
I just get a dark image
And then it just keeps on loading
thank you for trying to solve it for me, I appreciate it a lot
Yes I am using the PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
This is the ID that I was using
NAME-M
the email is EMAIL
I was already attended in protocol PHONENUMBER
nothing helped
the game just closes every time I open it
whether by PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG
I reinstalled, I already tried everything
and it remains closed
of the black screen
Exactly.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M.
I am NAME-M and I was speaking to PRS-ORG when the window closed.
It's a pleasure too.
I accessed the draft offline with 15k coins but I didn't even select the difficulty.
My energy dropped and I lost the coins without disputing the draft.
Can you help me?
EMAIL
Thank you
Unfortunately this does not solve the problem.
There are no rewards since the draft has not even been contested but the PRS-ORG kept my 15 thousand coins.
There is nothing else I can assist you with.
Too bad.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
unfortunately I'm not doing very well no.
my account is advertising my players and items on prs-org
doing selling and buying without me asking for it !!!!
I don't know if there is someone entering my account or it's a bug
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
That's NAME-M.
My account's email is saying that I do not exist
PRS-ORG
But I get in
My email is EMAIL
I just want to recover my account
It is not a problem.
In the PRS-ORG app
No.
I believe so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please indicate your name?
NAME-F
I am not able to make the payment of the packages, it is giving "not authorized" even though I have credit on my card
EMAIL
hands over the card, normally
seconds later
the purchase is refunded
I tried 2 different credit cards.
What should I do?
try later?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is Indian of Shit
Go drink in your own *ss, bitch!
That business had to explode with all of you inside, it was going to take it in the ass.
Disgusting handicap of this game.
Always favoring the worst ones.
If the son of a bitch plays bad or has a shitty team the fucking problem is his own.
Here come you guys fucking up the shit of the game with this handicap
Tell me, NAME-N, are you ashamed to work in this company???
Aren't you ashamed of working for PRS-ORG?
How long do you need to answer a simple question?
My question is, do you have no shame in working for PRS-ORG?
It's a very simple question: yes or no?
Well based hahaha they brainwashed you, my friend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Hello good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Do you have any link that I could get on to?
To not use the application
The link I was able to access, but I can play PRS-ORG through this app?
Op, that's the link
The same on PRS-ORG
How so?
:C
When I click on PRS-ORG, it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, but it gives me options to download PRS-ORG
From PRS-ORG, it doesn't work?
Oh my God
and now?
I have already uninstalled and installed and nothing.
So I open the PRS-ORG program installed on my computer, but it opens PRS-ORG which doesn’t load, and the game won't open
I'm going to reboot, I hope this works
I'm desperate
thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you indicate your name for me please?
Hello. How are you?
then, since last week I have been having problems with speed lag
however my connection is good and the servers are working too.
I don't know if the video was attached
I normally connect to the servers, can I log into PRS-ORG
but when I enter in the game there appear some signs in red in the upper corner of the screen
and it freezes everything, and out of the blue, everything is super fast.
The ping is always between 30 and 40.
but some other signals appear red in the top of the screen
I don’t know if I can understand.
then my problem is probably with the internet service provider yeah
unfortunatly
damn life, what a bag
it was not  yes that is right thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First off, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Yes
I bought the pass today at 16:00 but it has not been released. I have been sending proof of purchase and talking with an attendant ever since to fix this.
Now they asked me to talk on live chat
Can you explain me the step-by-step process
Because when I log out, I have to do it all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start off, can you please indicate your name for me?
Good afternoon
And Portuguese
Hi
My god, lol
I didn't know that language
then NAME-N
but I don't know the email account of these codes
how chic
I can give you the email of the account that I am speaking with you now
but it is not the account with the expansions I'm talking about
my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Name is NAME-M.
Good evening
I'd like to know how to have access to the PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today and was playing all day but I didn't manage to complete it
is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
thank you, too, on the transfer page it appears that my PRS-ORG account still does not have access
NAME-M, I have to get access by playing
Well that's a relief, I thought NAME-M had been banned without NAME-F kkk
Thank you ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I opened a service request and yesterday an email arrived stating that it was closed
Only that to me didn't come the rewards that it was supposed to come
EMAIL
Oshi and here it’s different for me
It is now being analyzed and the coins were credited to my account
And how some thing of the game in my account and you can not do anything?
So, what is the point of you?
We pay so much for the game and when there is a problem and you ask for help and you can't solve it for me
And I still come out at a loss
I want a solution
What happens then? Am I the one to lose out?
Dude, if it is to give a way to this, I don't accept it
How can I get some of the content from my account back and am still in loss?
And then a mail comes saying that everything was okay, that it was found to be a mistake, and that the in-game coins would be added to the account?
Something is not right
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
I will have to buy again the PRS-ORG?
in the order history shows that the status of PRS-ORG failed
Hello, nice to meet you.
the app on my card shows that payment is still pending
but because of the status in the purchase order history showing that it failed I am not sure
one more doubt, will the value be refunded to my credit card then, right?
I am not going to risk having two PRS-ORGs
Perfect, thanks for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I please get your name?
NAME-M
Good evening
I hope you're doing well.
Is it possible to transfer a game, PRS-ORG to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I was disappointed, as I can not access the web app
It says that I don't belong to a club.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I bought a pack at the store today of .25.000 which should give me a loan icon and 5 players 82+, but I received an entirely different one from the description
I have never had problems before with it
the date of the purchase was today at 3:48 PM
I understand.
Will I receive the correct pack?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please let me know your name?
Hello, I was being helped but then the call dropped.
Call ID PHONENUMBER
Game does not start because of problems with the PRS-ORG.
I've already followed the instructions provided by the attendant regarding the un-installation and re-installation of the anticheat and the startup of PRS-ORG as admin, and it didn't solve the problem
EMAIL
Ok, solved the problem.
It worked.
Game worked again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please have your name?
Good afternoon
My name is NAME-M.
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I’m having my PRS-ORG transfer market blocked.
I've been a customer of PRS-ORG since the PRS-ORG 18.
But I was from the PRS-ORG platform and I bought this year for PRS-ORG
NAME-N
Of course
thanks a lot!
Service interruption?
What is that?
Ahh okay
I will call you again in a little while.
Thank you very much, NAME-M
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
well, I bought a PRS-ORG from American stores in a promotion that came with the PRS-ORG, and when the product arrived to me, I did the activation of the code to download the game, I did the retrieval, but it did not appear the game to download.
NAME-N appears on the PRS-ORG to purchase.
then I contacted the store support and they asked to speak with you
That’s it
I can't download through the activation code that came to me from voucher
EMAIL
the code is not with me, I need to go get it.
NAME-F, I forwarded your name.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
good evening
I can't install PRS-ORG
I click to install and the installation process does not start
it closes automatically.
correct
the PRS-ORG app doesn't start or the setup to install it
I have tried downloading another setup or restarting my PC, downloading updates from the system but so far nothing has worked
nothing happens
when I click on the PRS-ORG setup, it simply doesn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I wanted to solve a problem with logging in to PRS-ORG draft
In the Security Check where appear the words to copy
I tried to fix it, but nothing worked
I’m having problems with login.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello Manas!
It's me again. I talked to you recently about my old PRS-ORG account being linked to my PRS-ORG account, but the same message keeps showing up after three hours, is this normal?
I'm the NAME-M!!
I opened the support ticket with you more or less at 8:30 p.m.
However, that message still persisted even after you disconnected the PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG
Ok!
I’ll be waiting!
I can try again tomorrow morning then!
If it's not solved, I will try to contact you again, okay?
Certinho!!
I'm going to take a look at the website you sent, thank you again for helping me out!
I would like to apologize for all this trouble haha, I feel that I am disturbing!
Thank you very much!!
It was a pleasure to receive your help again with this problem I am having!
I hope that tomorrow morning it will already be disconnected from PRS-ORG antiga!
whenever I get into the game the world PRS-ORG does not appear
I always restart the PC and reinstall the app PRS-ORG
Whenever I get into the game, the PRS-ORG world disappears
The PRS-ORG opens normally.
Whenever I enter the game, the PRS-ORG world does not appear.
And every time I clean the app PRS-ORG's cache, the PRS-ORG appears as downloadable.
EMAIL
Besides that, the weather is cloudy here,
I am crazy to be able to play this new pack and so far there is nothing but sadness
I just received a call
Key to the case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, please could you tell me your name?
NAME-F
My The PRS-ORG game is not loading...
An error shows up when I want to download my “save”
I access the game through the PRS-ORG
NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
Now it has!
I restarted the game and the game app
Thank you very much for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon.
Everything is okay?
I made a request for a withdrawal but I realized it was denied and I did not receive the reason
Could you look for me and tell me the problem?
Is the code the bank number?
Because I filled this item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know
I will try to do another request
Thank you
No
Thank you
Hello.
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-N.
Pal, please
I won a game on WL and my opponent is insulting me in the chat of PRS-ORG
I've attached a few images, I'm not sure if you were able to read them
I received offences of xenophobic nature, calling me NAME-N
I received a death threat, saying "you are going to die"
I received vulgar insults like in the image
The ID of them is "NAME-N".
The blessed created 3 secondary accounts and sending messages there, telling me he will make me be banned
Please help me, this is inadmissible behavior
I attached it before starting the live chat.
How do I enter here?
I have 4 images.
PRS-ORG
Do you need the pictures too?
I have print of the conversation and all his sendings
Ok
I'll do that now
Thanks
Thanks for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
To start, could you give me your name please?
Pleasure.
well I am trying to acces prs-org on the prs-org 18 but it says my account is temporally blocked.
It asks for me to log in the console I used to play the game but I no longer have access to the console.
as for what you say, to contact the PRS-ORG Help
Sure.
ok now it doesn’t appear the message that it is blocked and it asks me to choose a security question, so I think the problem has been solved.
I was able to log in.
Thank you very much for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I please have your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I opened a bunch of rare megapacks today that said they were tradable, but they were actually not tradable
This has harmed me a lot (throwing away players, time, etc.)
I'm sending a video to show how I've fixed the issue
I would like to know what will be done about it
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello good morning
Yesterday, I purchased the PRS-ORG.
I have a doubt about the content
Will the items included in the promotion be immediately available or only be released when the game is launched?
Because the PRS-ORG points and other items did not drop off
Could you please provide this information?
At PRS-ORG
Access was consolidated
However the items did not
OK thank you
Hello good afternoon, I have a problem to check my documentation.
It was requested that I provide an account verification by email, after requesting a withdrawal of 200 reais
I sent all of the documents, and now they are demanding a copy of the credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual.
E they already expired, many payments were not approved
I have never had problems with PRS-ORG, I am discontent
What do I do?
No, that's all.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
May I ask your name first?
Good day
NAME-M
So, I'm running the PRS-ORG with a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card, and 24GB of ram.
My configurations are above what is recommended by PRS-ORG to play, however, the game is freezing a lot.
Several people are complaining.
I would like to know if the PRS-ORG is aware of the problem and if there is already any solution
I didn’t receive any error.
What's happening is that I'm inside of a game, the screen freezes and then the game continues at a very fast speed, it seems like it's in PRS-ORG
Moreover, PRS-ORG is using about 80% of my video card to run
This is not normal.
It's okay
I will check this and get back to you
I would just like for this problem, which several people are experiencing, to be recorded
It is not normal that a game like PRS-ORG uses 80% of the video card.
Thanks
Good day
Just that
Thank you
Hug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Well, recently I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I started playing the game and I found out the mistake that my game needs internet?
What was strange, if I was with internet.
but while researching, I discovered that I need a key to get into the game
I can't create an account
In this case, I am unable to create an account on PRS-ORG
NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
Yes, that’s right. Recently I got banned from the transfer market in the PRS-ORG on the web app only, and now I'm banned from the market in all platforms for using the trade website.
I confess that I used a trade site but it was for a short time
And it was not to benefit myself
Yes
But I think I was banned unjustly
Because I had removed the site from my account
Because it really felt unfair to use the site
And I think I was banned because recently my account also had suspicious activities
And you ended up changing the password for my account so
Email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-F
I would like to ask a question, if I subscribe to PRS-ORG, can I link them to the PRS-ORG I have on my pc?
Or do I have to purchase all of them again?
not the progress, but the expansions
because the PC PRS-ORG has more or less spent 5000 real in all expansions and extras
It's hard to spend all of that on a console
is there just the base game or the expansions as well?
ok, thanks
NAME-M that's right, thanks!!
Have a good weekend.
I have a PRS-ORG that is showing problems with the screen; half of it is scratched and I can’t read the text.
I would like to change the screen, but I am in Brazil and we do not have any PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to fix this screen even if it cost me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandma's house,
I had tried before the pandemic already, I guess I'll keep trying to find someone who can do this for me.
Anyways, thank you very much.
For you as well
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please introduce yourself to me?
Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M.
Unfortunately I am not well I'm emotionally shattered
I have been threatened and the player has also tormented me psychologically
Using low words for my family
If I exhausted myself at some point, it's because he himself started threatening and wishing terrible things for me.
Yes.
However it was abusive that the player said to me on the PRS-ORG in-game chat
The enclosed photo he reported the beginning of it
I'm profoundly shaken and am going to see my psychologist, because it really knocked me around.
I'm feeling pretty bad, I have a daughter
He wished bad things on me and my daughter as a father and I love my daughter
I'm feeling totally down, I'm not having the strength to get up from the bed because of what he did.
nader
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide me with your name?
I am not able to
use the PRS-ORGpoints
like, it's impossible to open packs with them
it’s that I’m confused
why do they have youtubers/streamers
opening packs with PRS-ORG points
it is weird because there are youtubers/streamers opening packs with PRS-ORG points right now
OK
Thank you
The data for PRS-ORG, Bank transfer, Boleto... any option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
May I ask you to state your name first please?
Hi!
My name is NAME-F
I'm having trouble making purchases on the PRS-ORG app
I tried to buy some PRS-ORG packs several times, but I failed
Can you help me?
I cannot process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill in full name and CPF but it does not generate the order
So I am unable to make the payment
The charging of the value is not generated
I'm not able to pay.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG user
DONE!
The last attempt resulted in a spam order.
It worked!
Thank you so much!
PRS-ORG doesn't load at one part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Good day.
My pleasure!
Both my system (PRS-ORG) and game version are up-to-date!
No.
It starts and I played until a
Brazilian Portuguese: He starts and played up to a little more than half of Episode 8.
However when trying to start from where I stopped inside the episode 8 it does not load!!
There is no error!!
The game simply freezes when I try to load from where I left off!!
The screen goes dark and the game loading icon stops rotating!
Then I have to close the application!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, good day.
Then
Yesterday I made an upgrade in mid/prime the game had an error I thought it was a player choice
but when i checked it was just an ordinary package
I wanted to know if there is any way to get my players back because if it weren't for the translation error, I wouldn't have made the pack
okay
But will there be any sort of refund for the players I spent?
because I spent many players and coins
just one more doubt about this issue
The PRS-ORG team will contact you through the game
or will the PRS-ORG team reach out through the game or some social network?
ok
So, I'll wait.
thanks for the support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, please may I have your name?
Opa, good day
I am having a problem in transferring in PRS-ORG
I try to buy players in the auction because that's where I can get them cheaper.
And then seeing him for a higher price but all through the game with no kind of program
And now my transfer window was also blocked
I also use PRS-ORG points.
I try to take the game as well as possible because I really like the game
That, I'm not able to give bids in the players anymore
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please indicate your name to me?
My name is NAME-M
Are you okay?
I made the dme he was the cracker of the future.
And all the 4 options were totw
Yes
I made the PRS-ORG of the future
Which gives 4 options to choose from.
The only thing is that all of the options came from the team of the week.
I chose NAME-N
But it should bring up options for future crack
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, could you please let me know your name?
My name is NAME-M.
The PRS-ORG game is constantly freezing.
I've already reinstalled it, I've seen other options on different forums.
My PC perfectly meets the recommended requirements
and nothing changes the behavior of the game.
Right now I am even talking to my father, who works in the IT sector
I will try and then let you know
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, could you please give me your name?
I made a purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG points and did not receive them
Order number: ALPHANUMERICID
Order date: 12/03.
2022 13:37:00 BRT
I bought it from the PRS-ORG Companiop app
Companion
He/she just signed in
I received the PRS-ORG points
Thanks for your help
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG#1 up to #7
I just looked here and I did not claim PRS-ORG #4, but did claim the others
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
I would like help because I have rescued the PRS-ORG rewards for months, so when I buy it, I will have some packs.
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, only 1 was there
EMAIL
but I received 1, I just don't know which one it was
I have a printout if you want it, which shows it was redeemed but it's not in the gaming
For PRS-ORG / PC
when I rescued them, I wasn't playing, as I only bought the game yesterday
I was just taking it for when I bought it would already have some packs
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
So, on May 31st, I bought PRS-ORG tokens and did not receive them. I asked for reimbursement by PRS-ORG and everything was okay on June 2nd. I tried to buy again and did not receive my items and could not receive reimbursement. I tried to speak with the PRS-ORG support team and was denied. I tried to speak with the PRS-ORG support and they closed my case and said it was concluded (nothing was resolved). I tried again to talk with the PRS-ORG support team and they forwarded me to an advanced team and nothing was done. Now I am trying to speak with PRS-ORG to solve this. I've been since the 2nd without my item and without my money.
Please reply to me,
is it enough for the company not to offer any support already, or the attendants too?
Yes I've been with the problem since the beginning of the month
I've already signed in
and the AGR?
my god in heaven
what a delay
I already did fuck you
fuck that shitty company tamejm
I hope you fuck off
crap of a company
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hi
Hello
good evening
Sorry for the delay
I am having packet loss, only in the PRS-ORG
In no other game
OK
What should I do next?
:/
Have you resolved it yet?
Thanks : )
That's it, thanks a lot buddy
Good day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
My PRS-ORG points that I bought did not come down
I made the payment and it was debited
But it still hasn't dropped in the game.
And then?
Today
I can see.
I purchased the pass
No
I always purchased directly via the game store
And it always drops at the same time
It's not possible to wait 24 hours because the pass will expire
Name-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I please have your name?
I am having a problem with the PRS-ORG app
The app has been offline for months and it does not show the list of friends.
Because of that, I can't play with my friends online
I tried some firewalls steps
I have watched many videos about the error.
but none of them worked for me
i'll try it
I will need to restart my PC to complete the steps
If this works, thanks in advance
Okay.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Why is it impossible for you to make all the teams at the same level as mine?
It seems I only play with pro players
That's discouraging
Straight this happens, it seems to be on purpose
Yes, please
I can't play
I play every day, I am a loyal player.
But it happens directly. It's not normal.
Adversaries with bugged moves, utilizing game flaws
Doing 2-3 touches on the ball and scoring a goal
High-level players, and I'm not one of them.
Not thank you
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I am having a problem with PRS-ORG
bought the game and the steering wheel
and if I turn off assistance during the race, I can not turn the car with the steering wheel
it just goes straight, even when you turn to one of the sides
with the command, the car already turns beautifully
I'm not sure if you may be confusing the situation because you have both devices connected (controller and steering wheel)
yes
be fast
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello
NAME-M
I have a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
no PRS-ORG I used to play in PRS-ORG and now I am in the PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already dissociated my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG and logged into my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the web app of ALPHANUMERICID I started the game thinking that it was with my PRS-ORG account and continued playing, creating a profile, opening packs and earning coins.
However, with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID PRS-ORG preview, when I was logging in to PRS-ORG I realized that I was playing on PRS-ORG and I no longer have access to that console.
I would like some help with this
in all of my progress in these days, I am not getting access
PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you.
I'm having a problem with ALPHANUMERICID.
I was playing in PRS-ORG and in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account with the PRS-ORG account and I logged in with my PRS-ORG account, but with the launching of the web app for ALPHANUMERICID I started the game thinking that I was with my PRS-ORG account and I continued playing, doing dme, opening packs and winning coins.
However, with the launching of the preview version of ALPHANUMERICID, when I logged in to PRS-ORG, I realized that I was playing in PRS-ORG and that I no longer have access to that console.
I wanted help with that.
even though I have all of the progress from these days, I'm not having access to this console
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
As a start, may I ask for your name please?
Do you prefer to speak in Portuguese or in English?
I got the PRS-ORG pro.
It is the 3rd consecutive year that I play PRS-ORG.
The game won't start.
There appears to be an issue with the anti-cheat in PRS-ORG
I already installed the game 3 times, I even executed it as an administrator
Nothing seems to solve the issue.
Thank you
I have tried to do the manual installation of anti cheat and it failed.
Ok then I'll be waiting
Thank you for your time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
Hi NAME-M, good evening!
I was making a purchase on PRS-ORG for PRS-ORG and the game was leaving for 303 reals in the ultimate version
I was making a PRS-ORG purchase through PRS-ORG and the game was coming up at 303 reais in the ultimate version. However, I was trying to make a purchase and it wasn't working and then a time arrived when it started to give errors saying that there had been too many attempts to make a purchase.
so I was going to try now because they said to wait a while to buy again
and the price went up to 341
I would even buy at this price but I only have R$305 together with what I have in Pix and the rest in PRS-ORG wallet
Hum, I understand... so you couldn't help me in this case?
so
Yes that's right
I tried to buy in various ways and it gave an error
so I waited the time
and the price wasn't the same anymore
was 40 reais more expensive.
now I don't have the money to make the purchase
I signed the program of you guys for 20 reais and I'm playing at 20 hours
but it's ending
now I can't buy it because the price rose kkk
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
May I start by having you please indicate your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
hello NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on September 25 from PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I went to play the PRS-ORG, I had a problem with it.
I managed to solve the problem but I've been trying to open PRS-ORG for almost 24 hours, but it opens up in a little black window and then closes soon after.
How can you help me?
do you know if there is anything I can do?
do you have any estimation on when it will be ready?
I understand
Thank you for PRS-ORG customer service
I will await an update on the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-N, how are you doing?
I am NAME-M.
Exact, I was playing normally yesterday!
During a match the game froze and the match was terminated... I haven’t been able to find other opponents since then...
I spoke with some of my colleagues and they said that they were finding opponents without problems
Ok, thank you so much!!!
No opponent has been found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears:
Ah yes, thank you so much!!!
It helped a lot and I just completed what was requested
I am going to try to find an opponent
The same error appears
No problem, if there is anything else I can do.
I appreciate your helpfulness
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
I was trying to fix the issue PHONENUMBER
I just talked with NAME-M and even after clearing the PRS-ORG cache, checking the internet and restarting my computer, the problem persists
When trying to enter PRS-ORG it shows the following message:
Sorry, but an error occurred in the connection with PRS-ORG.
You will be redirected to the main PRS-ORG menu.
Just the one I mentioned above.
And when I manage to log into the game, when I move around my lineup that message pops up:
There was a problem in communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Please try again later.
ah I would like to link to get the benefits of PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG help. My name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I used to have a linked account from PRS-ORG
however recently I am with another one
however I can’t link it
because it says that there is already one linked
but I had already unlinked my account, it's been over 6 months since I did it, that's what they said
EMAIL
OK, I THINK I LINKED IT NOW
but like I already got it
how do I redeem it again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you give me your name please?
Good day, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M.
Kindly let me know if you can help me.
I have an account that I have used for more than 5 years and I have accumulated a lot of points and XP.
My girlfriend created this account to give me the edition of PRS-ORG.
I would like to know if it is possible to unify both accounts.
But is there a possibility to unify both accounts?
Is there a possibility of unifying the two accounts so that I use just one?
You have that account that I always use
What about the account I created yesterday?
It would be enough just to unify the account
If the PRS-ORG goes to my account, everything is alright
What's up.
Are you referring to the PRS-ORG progress?
I do not care, either.
Is it ok if I start a new game
I understand.
I appreciate it anyway
Have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Also
I rent a server at PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG for 29.50 each week, today I went to extend the rental and the "request and pay" screen froze on the "loading" screen and the game froze, not PRS-ORG.
The amount was debited from my account, but the server was not renewed.
The server rental wasn't recorded and has expired, can you help me please?
EMAIL
Thank you I am waiting
Hi, sorry, I have already spoken with the PRS-ORG and they instructed me to speak with you, besides that I am looking here that t there are online servers
Paid*
Some paid servers are online yes
The PRS-ORG does not want to take responsibility, because they say you received the payment and confirmed it
Not forgetting that ALL THE STEPS AND DOCUMENTS HAVE BEEN SENT CORRECTLY TO THE PRS-ORG.
Good morning, I am once again requesting that you validate my account.
The return period offered by you is already more than two days, and I am still politely waiting for you.
However I have money to withdraw and I am unable to make any wagers, I would like a little bit of attention and expediency in solving the case.
Best regards,
Hello, I am reminding you that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO THE PRS-ORG.
I hope this will be helpful because, unfortunately, lately I have not had it from you.
I hope you will be different!
Thank you NAME-M.
However the deadline is already over and I would like to request your attention!
Everything was sent correctly and duly.
I understand the security rules and agree with them, but I am being prejudiced with this matter.
Thank you, but I received those messages from you this week already.
I am still waiting.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
May I have your name please?
Good evening. How are you?
I am trying to open the game PRS-ORG but it doesn't start up on my computer and I get an error.
Check your connection, and try again later
but I’m connected
and my pc meets all the minimal requirements
EMAIL
it is trial version linked to PRS-ORG from pc
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
NAME-M, I'm doing well.
Thanks, I have the PRS-ORG which gives access to the PRS-ORG library.
Okay?
I play through the PRS-ORG PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how to play PRS-ORG since I don't see it in the PRS-ORG catalog.
I access the PRS-ORG games through the PRS-ORG website.
But, I can’t find ALPHANUMERICID there.
A friend of mine said I can play PRS-ORG because I have PRS-ORG.
But, is it only for those who have the console or can I play by PRS-ORG, through the browser (PRS-ORG)?
I will try to simplify: I am a subscriber of PRS-ORG.
Can I only play PRS-ORG if I have a PRS-ORG console?
Or can I play by using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hi NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I am speaking with PRS-ORG
You asked me to attach an image to the case, but I think I ended up opening a new one
Hello then, the problem is now visible
Then I think that if I create a new one, it will cause confusion.
I will end the chat here
For now no, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG n libera conquest
conquering PRS-ORG does not release
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
Could you start by introducing yourself please?
For the love of god, release my achievement, I’ve been playing for 91 hours and the game is bugged
I'm going to cry sir
even though I'm doing the requirements
With 91 hours of game play
Help me please
kkkk
Brazilian Portuguese: ola
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
I would like to know if in the new PRS-ORG update the issue of only running in safe mode was solved
PRS-ORG
no
it was
in order to fix this I had to install PRS-ORG again
but I want to get back to PRS-ORG and for this I need to know if the problem has been resolved with the new update
but was the problem of the secure mode right?
I speak because I'll have to format my PC. Do you confirm this?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please indicate your name?
wagner
I spent a resource in PRS-ORG but I can't use it
I spent 20 stars moments
in a token
but there is no way to trade them
and the game does not inform anything about it
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you. I hope you are doing well. How may I help you today?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I please have your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you!
I'm having difficulty playing The PRS-ORG
I have the 64-bit Metal version for MacOS
The game runs super well on the computer, even with graphics on the highest definition
However, suddenly the game gets closed
Without presenting any error or something like that
It simply closes
Hey, these are really all the information.
During the execution of the game, it just closes without anything appearing after that.
The game works fine.
It just closes down during the game
Sometimes it closes after playing 10 minutes, sometimes 1 hour later.
There is no rule.
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
Just this today
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
I am having problems starting the game
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile the screen turns black and closes
I am able to login, yes
I meant the profile inside the game
EMAIL
I will try this method.
If it doesn't work, I will be back!
But for the moment, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you indicate your name please?
Hello, NAME-M
I am having a problem connecting to the servers.
I have a problem connecting to the PRS-ORG servers.
It's asking me to reset the password and I've already done it
And it won't let me connect.
No
The problem is the connection to PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I'm doing fine, thank you, and you?
It's my pleasure.
So, my PRS-ORG update normally on the 14th if I am not mistaken when they introduced the babies in the game.
The items for them do appear there but in CAS that career stage does not count.
The items for the same appear there, but in the CAS, this stage doesn't count.
That's right, the life stage itself does not appear.
I tried to reinstall the game, but the stage in PRS-ORG still doesn't exist.
As shown in the attached image.
I understood!
Thank you for clearing that up!
That was all, thanks!
Have a nice evening
Thanks, take care NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Are you able to see my previous conversations with other PRS-ORG counsellors?
it helped a lot...
certainly
NAME-F I tried one where I had to install PRS-ORG
another was to clear cache.
Another one was to install PRS-ORG or to clear the cache
Another had to do with background applications
NAME-F this issue has been happening for 3/4 days
Hi?
Go to Hell, I lost because of this shit server, shame on you greedy company, go and buy a better server, you son of a bitch
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
I lost a match because of the garbage server, it takes too long to run commands
Bitch
If you can't stand swearing, you're in the wrong field
and go fuck yourself
Go fuck yourself
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot??
I bought PRS-ORG today and when I tried to play it obliges me to connect an account, create or just log on to an existing one
The issue is that I cannot connect or create either.
I would really like to play this game
NAME-M yes, good to know it's human
Hi NAME-M! Nice to meet you.
That’s it.
I can't connect the online game
even if the game is old, is that possible?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please indicate your name?
Name-M
I did the dme of 90+ idol these days, when I went to look to open in the console, it wasn't there
the event occasionally only appears on the companion app
I have restarted the console and everything
I went to check it right now and it appeared again.
wasn't even restarting, it appeared out of the blue now, I had even made a case about it
NAME-M I think they resolved it
NAME-M, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, please give me your name.
My name is NAME-M.
I need to know if a patch for PRS-ORG mode is already provided somehow.
Friendly matches just stopped working.
It presents an error, when attempting to play a friendly match, saying that the opponent abandoned the match.
This has been happening since 5/12.
URL
It is possible to see the error in this link.
By the way, this is at a global level (since the video is not Brazilian), but it is exactly the same error.
And it's happening in all platforms
In summary, yes.
In summary, the PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, just this.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I'm good, yes. And you?
No, I still cannot do that.
But I understood I have to wait
I would like to know if, in the meantime, you can't help me to open it on the Webapp
to at least already have something to do
Ah yes
My question is
I can only access the Webapp after having opened the game at least 1 time
like the game is not opening due to an Anti Cheat error
Is there any way to make it possible to open the Webapp before the game fixes this problem?
No, thank you.
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name, please?
I have an account at PRS-ORG and am not able to log in
That's correct.
It says: "Your credentials are incorrect or expired.
It says, "Your credentials are incorrect or expired. Please try again or reset your password."
When I click on reset password, the following appears: "It was not possible to find your PRS-ORG Account."
But I am trying to log in via the PRS-ORG program
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
Yesterday I bought the Star Pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points, but so far it hasn’t been released in my account, but my PRS-ORG points were credited
I want to know what you're going to do about it
Why can't I be swindled like that
But I don’t want a refund of the PRS-ORG points
I just want the pass activated
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
First off, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
I'm having an issue with a player draft; I played two games but couldn't start the third.
The following error appeared: There was a problem in communication with PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
If possible, I would like you to restart my draft manually if possible.
I've had this error for 3 days now
Is it possible for you to restart my draft manually?
I think that's the only way to solve my problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
good evening amigo
I have not played since morning
whenever the match ends, I make a mistake
I already called here 2 times for support and my problem was not solved.
the PRS-ORG servers are unable to process the request at this time
of this error here
every time the game ends it's like I lose the game and I loose 3x0
I wanted to play
kkk
more plz
you guys have to remove that soft ban thing during the token exchange event because the game ends with the one who makes the first goal
era so isso mesmo
thank you
send some tokens over for the trouble
that strength haha
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M. Could you please tell me your name?
I'm having problems, I contacted you earlier today to try to resolve it, they gave me some options and I couldn't resolve it
and the situation became worse
I need help
I'm not being able to play the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
23
OK.
EMAIL
the first error
it is the app of PRS-ORG
the application couldn't connect to the servers
NAME-M the normal PRS-ORG
the PRS-ORG can connect to the servers
but when I try to play a game of any PRS-ORG mode it disconnects and goes out of the mode
Will the NAME-M be open?
I have the chat in the PC I play on
Good evening,
I made a purchase for a book on the PRS-ORG store and after starting to read it I checked the book and it’s PT-BR not PT-PT, which is the one I needed.
Unfortunately, in your store they do not make the distinction, but when reading it makes a huge difference.
The book was “Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice” by NAME-F & NAME-F and I would like to return or exchange the book for Portuguese from Portugal.
I am waiting for your contact.
Best regards,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
By the way, is there any option to check whether the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
The suggestion is given for your improvement!
Thanks for the help
Good morning
Hello
I have a question about rollover.
What appears in the withdrawal tab and what they told me in my email is the casino rollover.
However I caught the sports promotion and have only bet on sports thus far
You see that?
Ah, right
I am asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
If really I have achieved the rollover, can I do it already?
Thank you so much.
I'm waiting for the e-mail.
Only that
Good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and I didn't receive any PRS-ORG points
After synching the PRS-ORG with my PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and there isn’t anything there
Minutes
In the other versions it came before.
Excuse me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Thawan
Nice to meet you.
I do not know if I am in the correct channel but I have a doubt.
I have played PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today they launched the futweb app.
While trying to get into the futweb app it says that my account doesn't have a team on PRS-ORG's PRS-ORG, but as my account doesn't have a team, how come I've been playing the PRS-ORG?
Why can I not access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that
Now everything gets better explained
That's it, NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the information and help.
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you introduce yourself please?
I'm not able to log in to my PRS-ORG account even after changing the password
EMAIL
I got it, now what?
e agora?
** What now?
The code is 535067
ok
Reset the password
Okay, I’ll do it right now.
there was the same error
It is now
With the correct username
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG. My name is NAME-F.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I am having trouble with my game on my PC, and I have not managed to fix it. It has been almost a week already.
I would like a refund if I can not play the game.
I bought the game and when I start, it says my PC has some kind of cheat.
My pc is new
And I don't use those kinds of things
I would like a solution or my money back
As I understand you are facing trouble launching your game, is that correct?
I bought it but can't get my game to start
There’s an error 117
I would like to know if I will be able to play if it is not resolved and a better refund.
I paid a lot for the game
I don't even have the game's cache because I bought it and can't even start it
I have already tried this procedure.
Plus, how do I prevent this from happening?
Why I already tried several ways
Good morning.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you indicate your name please?
I am not able to access my companion app because it is asking me to verify with my email and the email is not arriving in my inbox
I already looked in my spam box and there was nothing
I have asked several times to resend it and it doesn't arrive
The option of app verification is not working either.
Even in the PRS-ORG account on the site itself, I can't access
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I logged in on my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends, but the game is not available to play.
It shows how I have to purchase it again
But I already bought it in 2015
The value of R$199.00 appears.
You're right.
Is there nothing that I can do besides waiting?
NAME-M, thank you for your help.
I'll try to launch it by the .exe file and wait for the problem to be resolved
There isn't any other, that was just it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Hello NAME-M good evening.
How are you doing?
My name is NAME-M
You're welcome.
My pleasure.
So, a few years back I was gifted SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition on CD.
The edition with 2 CDs, I'm currently trying to install the same on my new notebook, however I can't as it is not compatible with PRS-ORG, through the CD it doesn't start.
I tried to add it to my PRS-ORG Games Library but it said the code was invalid
I would like to recover the same to at least be able to install it through PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, since it is no longer compatible through the CD
Yes, I still have the original 2 discs and the license code for the same
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, can you please indicate your name to me?
I can't buy anything on the transfer market on the web app
The message appears:
An error occurred while trying to complete your search.
Try again in a few seconds.
No, only when trying to buy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
hello
I have a problem with PRS-ORG
the game opens the PRS-ORG, it opens the PRS-ORG launcher
I click on play
and nothing happens
Literally nothing.
already got in contact previously and they sent me following some steps
I did everything and the result was the same
EMAIL
thanks
Before, a DLL error with code ALPHANUMERICID would appear
I downloaded the dll I needed and put it in place.
there has been no error since then
however, the game never starts either
if it does not solve, I will contact you again, thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My promotional goals of the PRS-ORG not updated in the game
Because of this, I am being harmed in my ability to complete the whole trail and receive the rewards
The promotion has had its cards updated yesterday
The objectives did not come out yesterday
Some friends had the goals released today at 11:30 am Br Time
And mine has not been updated
With this, I cannot complete the entire trail
Ok
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG alphanumeric
This is happening
Why don’t I have the objectives available
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please provide me with your name?
Hello!
My name is NAME-M, good evening
I need help please
I play PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG.
I can't for any way to stay on LINE.
The qr code appears saying to reset the password of the PRS-ORG account, even though doing that, it doesn't work.
Sure.
EMAIL
I would like to report that I am unable to download any games from PRS-ORG.
It pauses automatically and gives an error
No.
Through the PRS-ORG App and the PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
It pauses the download process and takes time to return.
I would like to know what I should do to solve this problem.
I want to play the PRS-ORG games on my computer
I have already done this procedure and it did not work at all
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Can you start by introducing yourself, please?
Good afternoon,
Good afternoon.
Thanks :)
So, I have 3 dlc cd's to the PRS-ORG and the base game, it is quite old and was purchased in the USA.
When I tried to install it a few months ago, it didn't work and said it needed an update, but looking online, I never found that update.
I thought about looking for the game to buy online somewhere, but I noticed that the PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore. Is there any way to buy it somehow?
I don't have a CD drive on this computer where I am now, so I can't start the installation to show you the print of what happens :(
But if necessary, I can send a picture of the CDs
Wow, but it's a game so in demand still, how sad :(
All good, thank you for the reply
Have a good night :))
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
My game does not open
I followed the step by step that the guy sent me
But it still doesn’t work
Do you want to access my pc via team viewer?
I can't stand it any longer, I've tried everything already.
Almost asking for a refund but I wanted to play🤦🏻‍♂️
It opens everything black and closes
But my PRS-ORG does not freeze.
Only the game that doesn't open
Do you want to access via team viewer?
It may be something that is missing on the PC or it doesn't let it open
But I have done many things and it doesn't solve it
hello.
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please provide your name?
I am not able to purchase PRS-ORG
it's giving an error
I am not able to buy the PRS-ORG
Unable to process your action
Unfortunately your order was not able to be processed at this time due to a problem with your selected payment method.
Please try with a different payment method or try again later
Hi there!
I can only pay through pix
I have accessed*
Good afternoon, is the platform unstable?
I am trying to use it and it does not open any of the casino games, it freezes, access another platform and it worked normally
I am trying to use the platform and it is not opening any games. It goes to a black screen.
I have cleaned data and cash, and nothing
I restarted the phone and it still won't run
I have never had any trouble with the amulet.
Are you aware of any instability in the system of yours?
Just that
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hi, now everything is wrong, I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG, and only now have I realized that it was to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought from the EMAIL
with which I used to log in to PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG in EMAIL
I was already using the web app
I was using on the PRS-ORG, but bought this time direct on the PRS-ORG
which was linked to the PRS-ORG account
I'm very sad
that's why it didn't show up
I have used the (EMAIL) account as my primary since 2020
I am already using the PRS-ORG web app in it and everything else
But what about the refund, how does that work with the card?
You can cancel it then
I don't know if I'll have limit to play at the time of release after reimbursement
very sad
thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Just that, thank you
Good afternoon.
Serve
My dear, this is a lack of respect with the customer, I asked to withdraw a 1,000 reals first, than the 200 reals, the 200 reals came first, than the 1,000.
I have been talking about this since the morning and the amount still hasn't arrived
Since early morning, that is why I am stopping playing here, PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay on time.
Sad
I like the site and the platform but, every time we win there is an endless delay of time.
Pix today is something too fast
I'm in a meeting waiting since this morning to solve it
Waiting for this money to deposit which is mine, I lost a night of sleep winning and investing my money
It is in english friend
Jesus christ
I don't believe it
That's why I'm stopping
I will receive it and I will talk to the staff about it on the channel
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help to refund a repeated purchase I made, the same already got on my card...
Could you help me?
Yes!
My email is EMAIL
Just one moment while I get the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I'm not mistaken.
The verification number: 635822
I made two purchases and wanted to cancel only one if possible... because the game is already downloading.
Thank you very much!
That was what I wanted to clarify.
Thanks in advance!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and I’ve been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a campaign completed 41%. But my wife started playing another game, and so that I wouldn’t disturb her, I installed the same game using the same account on my PC, but I cannot see my save even though it is using the exact same user.
What am I doing wrong?
So even using the same account I can't use my save?
Do I need to start completely from the beginning?
But we do not save to the cloud, right?
NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope this evolves, because it would be very helpful to us players.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I'm writing a text with my case
So, I've played PRS-ORG for a few years but I've never played online, I bought PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG and decided to play PRS-ORG recently, these days I tried to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and I realized I had no access or knowledge of the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
I have access to the email and the password of my PRS-ORG account
The account I am talking about is this, I could access it with the PRS-ORG
However, I am afraid of losing it because I don't know the email of the PRS-ORG account
And also because of that, I can't link the account to PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I updated the application in my PRS-ORG but I cannot access my account in my PRS-ORG.
Could you help me, please?
EMAIL
I used to use PRS-ORG with the livraria cultura reads
well.. I will try again, but it gives invalid password
now it seems it's been done.
thank you so much
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Good evening
My name is NAME-M
I have ultimate version of Bf 2042, my reward for update 3.3 is not in game
more or less
My reward disappeared.
No.
it is the reward of the update 3.3
that of march
8 March to be exact
thank you ma'am
Is there a forecast?
no.
good night
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, please may you tell me your name?
NAME-M
I have a question I played at the PRS-ORG but I am now considering purchasing the game for the PC
my question is
And what about the 23
because I would like to know if I am obliged to buy the 23 for PRS-ORG or if I should buy for PC
I keep my things from PRS-ORG
okey thanks
I am waiting
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
First off, could you give me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Is it possible to play with my PRS-ORG account on the PRS-ORG?
That's not it.
I wish to use the PRS-ORG account that I have on PRS-ORG
on another device using PRS-ORG
ok but please answer the previous question
ok fucking clown
sorry
I'm wrong.
I don't need anything else, thanks
good afternoon
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
Hello, I just called.
Then I went to the PRS-ORG and they told me to come back again
NAME-M
Yes
If you want me to repeat the messages
Hello, I have just entered the contact.
I went to PRS-ORG and they asked me to come back again
I just want to redue the request I made, which was canceled without even trying to charge my nubank card
and I am only trying here, because for some reason, right after I tried to buy it again, the shop charged me 166 reais instead of 149 reais... all of a sudden!
I want to keep the price and pay, whether by PIX, by card, as you prefer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
NAME-F
Hi ALPHANUMERICID, is everything going well?
I am performing the new update of PRS-ORG on my PC
However, she points out, it seems that the update finished and then appears again to update again
Before starting the chat, I attached 03 prints of my screen, I don’t know if you can see it
Is so, that's correct
Even after performing, it again requests to perform, and does not open the game.
I have already uninstalled and installed the game again, but without success.
Okay, thank you for your help.
How can I do this cleaning?
Already doing, it will take a minute
It worked!!!
Thank you very much!
I didn't know how to clear the cache in the app.
:NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please let me know your name?
I want a phone number to call and speak to someone
There is no explanation for what is happening in my account
Game after game playing with a handicap
and the PRS-ORG nauseating script
This is unacceptable, completely unacceptable
that number is working,
It says that is not available
They had already given me that number and it never works
Can you resolve this?
It's ridiculous.
It's disgusting to play this game this way at this moment, impossible even
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you indicate your name to me please?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yes look.
I have reached the limit of creating clubs in the PRS-ORG and I would like to know if you can give me more attempts to delete my club.
I have spoken to an advisor before.
My account that I use to play is:
Email
Thanks very much.
That was the problem.
Thank you.
I purchased from base of heaven books, downloaded the app, opened the book on sunday, this morning I went back to the app but it would not open the contents of the books, I updated the app and now it tells me that my email has not been located.
I request immediate regularization or return of my payment.
Please reply to this email
EMAIL
Purchase 07.03 and 4 books Alicerce do Paraiso
Thank you NAME-M, and you as well
I was talking with NAME-M and dropped
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG. My name is NAME-M
To start with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I am from PRS-ORG and I am not able to enter into PRS-ORG
Every time at this same time the servers for the PRS-ORG are down
End of PRS-ORG and servers cannot support the users, you must urgently put more servers in Brazil
I am not able to login on PRS-ORG
It appears that the server is with a high volume of people
Lamentable
I as a consumer, am frustrated and put off by playing PRS-ORG
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Hello, I was just chatting with one of the assistants and I lost the contact
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to ask for a refund of the expansion of the PRS-ORG
My email is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it as I needed the money to pay for other things
Hello?
Yes
I do have
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First of all, could you introduce yourself please?
May I know your name please?
The expansions that I purchased are not working
Some of the unlocked items disappeared
EMAIL
Target Detector
Weapon unlocked
That’s really disappointing
PRS-ORG
Don't you have it?
The purchases made by the user?
Am I going to have to prove I bought it?
If I've already played
What images do I send
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
the save game of ALPHANUMERICID is not working
I followed the procedure sent by you yesterday, but the error is still there
every time I open the game it's like it's the first time
yes, but you also lose the control configuration
club choice
everything
including the progress
and it stopped at the end of December, I tried doing everything to fix this problem but without success
I formatted the PC and installed it from scratch, but it didn't solve the problem
I checked in forums and it seems to be a problem affecting many people
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name for me?
Hello, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password.
EMAIL
I'll see how much longer you can delay it.
May I know if your parents are dead?
Your mother is a whore and gave birth to something like you
you should go to ukraine to get the russian bomb, fuck your mother
say whore
I asked if your mother was dead and how she gave birth to something like you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M.
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account, the website crashes and I can't do it.
how to solve this
Yes, every time I try the site says it's in error and I can't access it
I press the button to connect the PRS-ORG account and when I am redirected to the site, it says that an error occurred and that they couldn't complete my request
it is still there
NAME-N
This is the gamertag for the account that I want to access.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
good morning
I'm having some problems
I bought Aston Martin Package (PRS-ORG)
and the product doesn't appear in the app to use it
In the game
September 15, 2022
when I enter the package as if I were to purchase it again it shows that this package is already yours
I can't use it anymore
Okay
I will try out these tips.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may you indicate your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
Hello, how are you doing today?
I would like help with dme in PRS-ORG
I started doing the dme but it asks for cards that are out of packs and no longer on the market
I already made 13 parts of the dme and now I can't do the rest
I don’t think it is fair to the players to maintain such an expensive dme that is impossible to complete
I would like to receive the players back or receive the ones that are missing, in the case of PRS-ORG captains
Challenge of casting crews
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is PRS-ORG.
To begin with, may I ask for your name, please?
Hi!
Hi! My name is NAME-M.
The pleasure is all mine!
So, my problem is that I'm not able to buy my PRS-ORG points
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in PRS-ORG wallet
but I pressed the buy button inside the game and the buy did not happen
my money doesn't leave the PRS-ORG and neither do the PRS-ORG points appear
How can we solve this?
No error message appears, it simply asks me to wait and nothing else happens
only back to the store without any PRS-ORG points and with the money in the PRS-ORG wallet still
Okay, thank you very much!
I will try and if that does not resolve the problem, I will come back here again.
No, just that!
Thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my account from the PRS-ORG mobile
Would I be able to reverse this?
It's sort of sad
Is it yours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
As a start, could you please indicate your name for me?
Good day
My name is NAME-M
I am having problems starting the PRS-ORG
The problem is that when I start PRS-ORG, my screen freezes and I can do nothing else
I have to restart my PC
and try again and still the same, I already uninstalled the game and installed again and nothing...
When entering the PRS-ORG App and trying to start the game, my pc freezes
and I have to restart the pc by pressing the button
No errors are appearing
just the screen freezes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
They hacked my account, sold my players and coins.
I just want my coins pf
I already changed the password and activated the two-step code. I just want the coins.
Another person has already helped me change my password and activate the two-step verification
I just want my coins.
I just want my coins / money back
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
I can't play my Solo Draft.
I get an error every time for a couple of days now.
What's going on?
Several other user's complaints
NAME-M
EMAIL
Yes
my name is NAME-M
So, I play PRS-ORG on a PC and the game is not working any more
Updates from yesterday’s session:
the game stopped opening.
It just does not work at all
I am being put at a disadvantage in the Totys event, PRS-ORG needs to do something about it
The game doesn't open, I've been trying to enter the game since 1 pm.
Until this morning, everything was alright and working normally
And the fact that I can’t get into the game to play and farm packs etc.. is damaging me in the event.
and I am not the only one going through this, many people who play on PC are going through the same situation
Yes, before this anti-cheat issue I used to solve it just by reinstalling the anti-cheat
However, starting from today, it's no longer resolved with just uninstalling and reinstalling the anti-cheat.
I have tried everything, and the game doesn't open
It always shows the same error
everything's fine, thank you very much
Good afternoon.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please indicate me your name?
I would like to report an error
Yesterday night I was playing PRS-ORG and joined a PRS-ORG draft game
I won the game and it wasn't counted as a win
I would like to know if there is any kind of compensation/refund that can be done
Ok, thank you
After that I played another match which I lost
And also not counted as a loss
Therefore, I think that you really did encounter a bug
What do you mean?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
I'm fine, thanks! I have a code for a discount on the game
that I won when I answered a survey
however I am not able to redeem this code
which gave me R$29.00 off
this survey was done inside the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and the survey appeared
I responded to the entire survey and at the end won this code
when I tried to finalize the purchase, it gave an error and I couldn't complete the transaction.
because of this I can't use the code
This is the code I won ALPHANUMERICID
This is the order number that gave the error PHONENUMBER
I was given this code last week
I placed the order that gave me an error on January 19th
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name please?
Hello, good afternoon!
You can call me NAME-M
My name is NAME-M.
So today I was setting a dme pp to dme icon in prs-org and I ended up choosing the wrong card.
I would like to know if you could help me with that.
Came a blanco 89 it was a kaka 89 I was supposed to have gotten kaka and I ended up getting a blanco
PRS-ORG player pick of icon
Correct
Putz… That’s okay.
Not just that msm
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
opp
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I am having problems connecting to my PRS-ORG account on the PRS-ORG app on my pc, and when I finally get in, it won't load my games, I can't open PRS-ORG
thank you, I hope you are doing great as well!
Yes, I'm unable to log in.
OK OK, thank you very much and good job!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Could you please tell me your name to begin?
My name is Indian Nojento
I can't take this game anymore
Where are you?
Respond, you fucker
How do you manage to be so incompetent that you cannot type a shitty script message in less than 5 minutes?
Is the basic education in India so bad?
Take a bath in the Ganges, bastard
Casino
Please, any response
I lost my real money im playing with bonus but only let me bet up to 25
Good afternoon, the betting limit is only up to 25 with the bonus, I can't increase it.
See the messages I sent
I have been playing with the bonus, but you only let me bet up to 25.
Why is that
And how much do I need to bet before I can cash out.
Ok
Any response
You did not resolve anything
How much is missing from my bet?
Release my withdrawal
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
PRS-ORG Availability
It doesn't let me download the game saying it's not available to purchase
PRS-ORG Platform
In PRS-ORG plus
I'm trying to buy the game.
It is saying that I don’t have an account with PRS-ORG when I do
It's saying that it's unavailable.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
My name is NAME-M.
Devender, earlier I was in the game, the game crashed and since then I can't get into ultimate team
It appears that there was an error and you will return to the main menu.
Image is in the attached file
Save me please kkkk
Wow, is it possible to correct this?
That is great!!
Do you think I will be able to play again today?
Is there any forecast?
To go back
Would that be it then
Have a nice day then
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
May I know your name first, please?
opa
my net had frozen
when I go to manage my account it asks for an email, when I go to see that email, it does not exist, I have never put an email that starts with e
then I can't confirm the email and modify my account
That is more or less it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
I had already opened a call regarding the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the non-delivery of material.
I made the prints you requested and I would like to know where to send them?
I’ve already attached TB here...
I bought them at the shopping center inside the PRS-ORG
As shown in the image above, the debit on my PRS-ORG account
When it comes to selling the game it's an easy fix...
The time to solve problems...
It is a matter of one player playing against another.
How to contact?
How can I get in contact with PRS-ORG support
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First, could you please give me your name?
good day NAME-N
I have been without access to the game for 5 days PRS-ORG
NAME-N is on the screen (connecting to the service)
EMAIL
code ALPHANUMERICID
Error in connection with the server
which
NAME-F is an internet technician and everything here is normal
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG already uninstalled and reinstalled it on NAME-F pc and it didn't help
NAME-F tried this step-by-step guide.
if necessary can delete my progress in the game  save to begin again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help. My name is NAME-M.
May I first of all have your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm doing good yes
You know, I am having a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an e-mail that I no longer access
I manage to log into the PRS-ORG website with this account.
But I would like to create an account on the companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, and what about you?
Thank you.
So, I am contacting you because of a difficulty I have.
I have two consoles that share the same PRS-ORG account, but I want to unlink one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console
PRS-ORG
After I unlink the PRS-ORG account in this console, can I create a new account for it?
My gamertag on PRS-ORG is NAME-N
So there's no longer any link between PRS-ORG and this console?
Thank you NAME-M, you helped me a lot.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please let me know your name.
Good evening, NAME-M
I am not able to stay online in my PRS-ORG 18 in PRS-ORG
The following message appears: “We are sorry, but at the moment the PRS-ORG Servers are inoperative.
We are trying to resolve this problem.
"We are sorry but currently the PRS-ORG Servers are inoperative. We are trying to fix this problem. Try again later."
this has already been happening for many days
I mean, months
Hard to believe this.
It has been months
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, please indicate your name for me?
My name is NAME-M.
thank you , I am ok yes , I connected my account on facebook and was not receiving the token in the game
and there is only 2 hours left for me to get this token
Actually it was on youtube
I wrote it wrong
I actually linked it on YouTube and didn't receive the token
EMAIL
The account of the game is the same as the one for youtube
ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I bought PRS-ORG and haven't been able to play yet
After the opening screen, where it says "press any button", I press and it freezes
it freezes and won't go
I keep trying to fix the game and start over but it just won't go
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please provide your name?
Good evening NAME-N
NAME-M, my name
I have done the icon selection DME on January 25, but I received just one icon pack
On PRS-ORG I noticed that some are already receiving the correct package and I would like more information
My email is EMAIL
Can you confirm this?
Will they receive what?
The Player Pic?
What is the PRS-ORG page I can follow?
There is nothing on the page
Just a lot of complaints for the same reason
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name for me?
NAME-M
I am doing well, thanks to God, and you NAME-N?
My game doesn't work and it's showing an error message
I have uninstalled and installed it twice
And it keeps persisting
Unknown error, an unexpected error has occurred.
Try again
That message appears on the login screen
Okay
Everything is okay
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
Good morning
I would like to try to recover an old account on PRS-ORG
where I no longer have access to the email
my e-mail was: EMAIL
However, some time ago, I changed this domain to EMAIL.
And everything that was linked to it stopped arriving in the new domain.
One substituted the other
The registered email address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I am having a problem getting into the game
I manage to log in on the PRS-ORG website but I can't connect to the game
It says my e-mail is invalid
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Good day 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing by itself in the middle of the matches, I already erased the game and installed it again, the problem continues .
I am not able to play PRS-ORG
I already lost around 5 games in PRS-ORG with this problem
Nothing appears on screen; the game just closes
Sometimes the game freezes and closes on its own, and sometimes it closes for no reason
I have already deleted the game and reinstalled it, rebooted my PRS-ORG, hard resets because I thought it was the video game, but only the PRS-ORG is closing this way
Especially but matches of PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello.
Then I want to know how to uninstall my packages
So then
But I can't bear PRS-ORG any longer
Only PRS-ORG app.
I only have the PRS-ORG APP
I can't access the book I bought on 1/21.
I have already created an account, however it is not possible to complete the process, the system does not accept the passwords entered.
I kindly ask for guidance with the cancellation as I was unable to do it through the website.
EMAIL
14/01/2021
The divine code of life
Please the refund
Please
How can I do it without being through the website?
I paid with a credit card.
If I do not receive the email, how do I proceed?
Do you have an email I can report to?
Okay, I'm waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
They just invaded my account, I contacted you I was robbed lost my team my coins and still the PRS-ORG sent a message saying I am distributing coins can only be playing around with me
Not at all, since I distribute coins would you have a way to block all the accounts that bought from my account?
At least everything that was listed tonight
How would I know that?
Yes.
Coins
Players
I played 1 rivals match next to 19:00
Ok
I will contact you tomorrow
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good Day
NAME-N my name
I requested my refund from PRS-ORG on the 2nd but it wasn’t updated or did an email come to confirm it.
nothing of the sort.
that’s request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any reply ?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you to indicate your name please?
NAME-M
my PRS-ORG App is not updating at the speed that the internet offers.
is much slower than normal
in this case the problem is to update the game from the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
I can't receive my PRS-ORG Prime Gamer Package
My name is NAME-M.
About ultimete tem of prime gamer package
One is available every month for tied accounts
This month I didn't receive
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND CANNOT ACCESS IT.
#EMAIL#
The NeuroScience of Happiness
I have never bought this before, it was my first e-book.
MY FIRST
PURCHASE
Zip code?
What's your postal code?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
CEP #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
WHICH OUN DEVICE IN WHICH REGION?
#PRS_ORG#
I'm not sure about the email.
what I used for #PRS_ORG# account..
I was able to access the #PRS_ORG# account.
However, in the right corner, after clicking the login I didn't find the link for #PRS_ORG#
I can’t find the book I bought.
Hi #NAME#
I was talking to his colleague
Hello #NAME#,
approximately around 05/01
it was the only one I bought and I bought it from #PRS_ORG#.
A msg appears saying that the book was integrated with #PRS_ORG#
so I went into that app and there's nothing there
who knows.
The person said she was going to send a book to my account and that I was supposed to tell her which book
OK
How do I do
I bought the e-book #PRS_ORG# on the #PRS_ORG# website, which recognises payment on 28/12/20, but this was not made available on my #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
I made the purchase on December 28.
Before this, the last book I bought was #NAME#'s #TITLE#
I bought the ebook #PRS_ORG# on December 28th, but it didn't show up in my #PRS_ORG# account.
Of course.
#PRS_ORG#
If I understand correctly you're unable to see this eBook in your account correct?
On my reader or on my computer, I didn't understand the question.
Yes, please wait a moment.
ok, I'm sending an attachment now.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I'll check it out.
Ok!
I got it, thank you very much.
No, everything is fine.
Yes, I will.
I'm not able to open my book.
#EMAIL#
Jesus the inspiration of luminescent relationships.
It's on an ebook, but when he clicks it doesn't open and an error message comes up.
This
No, it keeps scrolling and then closes and stays orange after it.
No.
#PRS_ORG#
No.
I don't have it.
Sorry, it's another account: #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I don't see it anymore
And now?
It does not appear
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I did.
Yes
It is downloading
Now it's there, thank you
Thank you for solving the problem.
Good day, I constantly have problems accessing my account in #PRS_ORG#!
I type in my username and password correctly, but I see the following message: "We couldn't find an account with that email address or password.
Verify that you typed correctly."
ok
#EMAIL#
I think it was the book #PRS_ORG#
That
ok, waiting
In the #PRS_ORG# software, installed on my desktop, I sign in with my username and password and the message appears: "We couldn't find an account with this email address or password.
Check if you typed it correctly."
I used to log in with the login and password and to access my account!
So, what is the procedure we should adopt to fix the problem?
I accessed it directly last night via #PRS_ORG# and I managed to access it, today I tried to access it and I couldn't!
I accessed via #PRS_ORG# yesterday and today I can't!
What's going on?
I'll be right back.
ok, I got it
thank you
Calm, everything is okay!
Thank you
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
EXQUISITES.
SRS.,
I have NEVER had problems buying ANY book.
BUT NOW I CHANGED THE CARD PARA-VISA PREPAID-E AND I MADE A MISTAKE.
WHAT COULD IT BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...BY #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE:" OPS, AN ERROR OCCURRED!
CHECK YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE DATA IS CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE AT #PRS_ORG# AND IT WENT WELL
YES IT IS ACTIVE AND HAS BALANCE
I am on #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I opened the anonymous window and still nothing.
IT SAYS IT GIVES AN ERROR.
OK
Hello, I bought five books on #PRS_ORG#, but three of them don't show up on the account.
They already tried to help me, but as it wasn't possible, they asked me to come to you.
Dear customer service,
I made the purchase on January 20
But from the #PRS_ORG#
It was not direct through the #PRS_ORG# app.
I am doing it.
Still do not appear
I logged out.
What now?
Hello
I am indeed.
YOu will log in
I logged in with my Cultura account
The missing books did not show up
#PRS_ORG#
ok
It didn't solve it.
Yes
Even the personnel from the Book Store accessed my account and tried to make the manual inclusion of the books, but still didn't manage to.
Okay
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER#, request #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE MYSTERY OF #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
Those were the ones that didn't come through
It worked!
They are already appearing here
They do appear yes
Thank you
Hello
I do not need anything else.,Thank you
Hello, good afternoon.
The computer is no longer recognizing my #PRS_ORG#.
We have already tested it on three different computers, including different cables as well.
What could be?
Thank you.
Hello, good afternoon.
I do not remember...
Can you help me without that date?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Ah, I didn't get it.
It started about a month ago more or less.
Mine is the #PRS_ORG#
Imagine.
Yes, it is working normally, even when connected to the cable
That
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I didn't understand.
Shall I keep trying with the cable?
I even did a reset and it still didn't work
Is there any kind of assistance that I can go for?
But is it common for this to happen?
Why I've already tried with all the cables from here and it didn't work
I also already did the reset, and nothing.
Is there any number I can call you on?
Or some technical assistance?
Only online?
But the thing is that these instructions don't work anymore... I would like someone to see my e-reader.
I will continue trying, but it doesn't seem to me that it will start working again “out of the blue”
Ok.
Thank you then.
I'll see what I can do and anything I'll get back in touch...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There has been an internal server error and this page cannot be loaded at this time.
Please try again later.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
Something went wrong and right now, we can't load this page.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
attempt at the first purchase yesterday and today
in the #PRS_ORG# app for Android 9, in the #PRS_ORG# on Android 9
I also tried it in Chrome on #PRS_ORG#
no
Transaction in progress...
stay too long in this message
and then it gives an error
Yes, okay.
it is taking a lot of time as well
I bought a 10€ card
I scratched the card's pin
ok I have already made an edit
I am going to try to buy it
ok it worked
Thank you for your purchase.
The number of your order is #PHONENUMBER#.
You have already finished checkout.
Thank you.
goodbye
it's really me
Good afternoon.
I was talking with another agent and it disconnected the chat
Good afternoon.
I purchased the book "coisas de Gabriel" at the #PRS_ORG# bookstore on January 14
But it's not appearing here in #PRS_ORG#
Okay.
I'm waiting
Okay.
Okay.
You're welcome.
I am finding this strange because I bought 2 books in the same order.
An ebook and a physical.
And they only sent me the NF of the physical book, along with the physical book.
I entered the Cultura website and the ebook is there in the order
And the option to get the receipt does not appear on the site of the "Cultuta"
to truth  I used a gift card and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
This is the email I received from them
I will contact them tomorrow
Thank you!
That was all for today.
Have a great day, too!
Hello!
I need help to start reading on the #PRS_ORG# reader.
I've already synchronized, I've bought the first book (approved card) and still can't open the book anyway.
#EMAIL#
Today, a few minutes ago
One moment
#NAME#
I can see the book, but when I click on it, the message appears to synchronize.
I already did several times.
It's synced ok
Then asks to contact support
How about you?
OK.
Done
Now I'll start again
I need help with a purchased eBook that isn't showing up in my account
good afternoon
I bought an e-book yesterday from the #PRS_ORG# website
Good evening,
Settlement of #NAME#
Suppliers... purchased yesterday on the #PRS_ORG# website
my e-reader on my cellphone
I have my obo account open on my smartphone, still resyncronizing and still not showing up.
I am going to open the ereader
I am fixing it
ok
the book appeared
thank you
that was all it was
good afternoon
Good afternoon,
I tried to order 2 ebooks, but when I went ahead with the payment process (after entering the card number) it just shows processing and it doesn’t progress.
Hello,
I have not made a purchase yet.
I am trying to make a purchase but when I go to process the payment (after entering my card number) it gets stuck in processing and doesn't go any further..
site and application
I have already tried both of those.
It does not have any special characters
I am only trying to process the payment and the page does not advance.. It gets stuck in processing
Yes,.. it happens the same way
Yes.
I'm doing it right now.
One minute please
Try now to create a new account with a new e-mail
And moved on to the "review" step
but when I press the button "complete purchase" nothing happens
yes
I already succeeded in passing this phase.
I have already accepted the payment method but did not complete the purchase
It does not show an error message.
When I press the “complete purchase” button, nothing happens
Yes
I don't have #PRS_ORG#
but the website already accepted the payment
only doesn't move to the last step
I have already succeeded.
I purchased ebooks and they won't open now
I have purchased ebooks and now they won't open.
I do not remember, but it was on #NUMBER#.
They are the books foundation of the paradise and the new times
No, it goes back to the main menu when I try to open it
Smartphone
I believe so.
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Okay
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I have done this procedure many times already.
Since February 3, I’ve been unable to complete the purchase of books on the website of #PRS_ORG#.
When I click on complete the purchase, I get the following message: Oops, an error occurred!
Please review your payment information and try again.
I have tried many times, but to no avail.
#Email#
The last book I acquired was on the 2nd of February, Seasons of Callan Read
Thank you for your help.
Ok.
I would just like to apologize that the correct name of the book I indicated above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I do the purchase on the internet page of #PRS_ORG#
I have already logged in
Sorry, but I do not know how to sign out and sign in in the Incognito mode...
ok, I could open an anonym mode window, thank you
So, do I click on terminate session now?
Okay, I'll try, then
I still can't complete the purchase...
Ops! An error occurred!
Please review the payment information and try again.
ok
I still can't...
Ok
Okay.
I am still waiting for the page to load.
It still will not work...
Ok.
Also not working
I usually use the #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you very much for your help.
I look forward to hearing back from you then
Thank you and likewise!
Good afternoon,
I purchased an ebook through the wrong account, I'd like to know if I can transfer it to the correct account, or receive a refund of the amount I paid for the book.
Thank you very much,
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (I logged in through #PRS_ORG#), the correct account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted was to transfer the ebook to the email #EMAIL# because this is the one I use and that I have associated with my ereader
Ok
So what do I have to do?
There was an error processing your order.
order
On the site, through my computer
It says that they found no account with this email.
I tried to use my email associated with #PRS_ORG# account and the email that #PRS_ORG# created for me.
It's not possible to link your two accounts, since they are from the same supplier, #PRS_ORG#.
Reply
I already did.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you
It is ready!
Thank you very much.
The problem continues.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
It should be more than 5 months.
I can’t remember... It must be more than 5 months.
I don't remember...
Problem continues
#EMAIL#
In Italian?
Is this for real?
The ta...easier
Lol
I can not open my own book by #PRS_ORG#, Paradise foundation volume 2
I have already been helped by this channel, but unfortunately the advice did not work
I was instructed as follows:
1
On the main screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap the three horizontal bars on the upper left side.
2 Then scroll down and press "My library", then "Cloud eBooks" and after, press "Manage books".
Tap Help & feedback at the bottom of the menu.
3
Tap Repair Your Account.
4
Tap Repair.
I did that but nothing...before it was just one book.
Now I cannot open any book.
Yes
Foundation of Paradise Volume 2
After I log out of #PRS_ORG#, this home screen you refer to is the mobile browser, right?
#PRS_ORG#
That
Okay.
OK.
I will do it
Good day,
I am not able to access a book that I bought some time ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
Good morning,
GTD Make it Happen
I made a mistake #PRS_ORG# doing things right
I couldn’t access it.
I see the book and I see that it has 34% reading but I can't open it.
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I'm using a PC.
I can't see this option
I have nothing to repair.
so to disable
it's solved
Thank you.
there you have it.
thank you
Hello,
I am trying to download my purchased books from my account #PRS_ORG# to transfer them to my device #PRS_ORG#.
I followed the instructions on the website, but I'm unable to export the book to the EPUB version so I can transfer it to my #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do it?
Thank you!
Dear sir,
Sure, here's the translation in English:
I will check it out.
the title was
The time for decisions
I bought it from my smartphone
I already know how to do that
the file appears on my computer but I cannot install it on #PRS_ORG#
yes
I'm
I have not received an error message
the file format doesn't go into the #PRS_ORG#.
but it should, according to what it says in the #PRS_ORG# website
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device
from another brand
I can open it in #PRS_ORG#
what it says on the #PRS_ORG# website is that from #PRS_ORG# I can convert it to EPUB format
can you tell me if there is another way to do this?
having
Thank you
I bought a book and it is not available to me.
not even in "my books" in my login.
#EMAIL#
09/02/21
yellow dog
from #NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
they are the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem
the transaction was confirmed by them
the same
I am making this happen, hold on
I tried to send it in .
Doc but not accepted.
how can I send it?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
does it serve?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I am accessing
wait
in case you missed it, I tried to download the free book "reason to kill" and had to do the whole buying process.
it is also unavailable
I made an order yesterday on yesterday
the problem is repeating itself
it says that I have it but it isn't available
that worked.
I forgot to sync.
Thank you.
can we close the chat
OK.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
how long for delivery??
What is the delivery time??
it's what you think
it is possible to cancel
how??
thank you.
How long does delivery take?
is it possible to have it delivered quicker
I need with urgency.
Is it possible to cancel?
I understand.
I can cancel as you command.
Thank you.
thanks, I don't need to do anything else
thank you
I cannot see the title that I have purchased from #PRS_ORG#
I can't see a title that I bought in #PRS_ORG#
the challenging sale
ok
The challenging sale
desktop
I will do it.
It appeared.
thank you very much!!
That's it.
thank you
Good evening, I bought today a #PRS_ORG# and while reading a book, I tried to use the dictionary function and it says that no definition was found.
I already tried it out on three books in Portuguese and one book in English.
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries and it still doesn't work
#EMAIL#
To lose the dragonfly trapped in the amber bought today 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes.
That's it.
It asks to synchronize.
Should I sync?
Just on the device
He asked for an update
Should I update it now?
I have already updated it.
It's working again
Thank you very much
I bought an ebook, but it's not in my ebooks list
my email is #NAME#
So far, I have not.
I already see it...
On #PRS_ORG#'s computer
I do not know about mobile devices.
Sorry, but it's the first time I buy an ebook.
ebook
OK
Alright.
Ready.
yes, I already logged in
I entered my books
And it appears
I clicked on the same one
I clicked twice on the cover and a page with the summary and what now?
On my computer it's not working, I'll try on my phone, sorry for the inconvenience.
I'll try and if I can't I'll bother you again, thanks.
Equally!!!
Good morning, is it possible to buy newspapers in the #PRS_ORG# store?
Hello #NAME#, is it possible to read my subscription to #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
Still have not bought a book
I would like to use my subscription to #PRS_ORG#.
It's alright.
Could you answer my question?
Are you able to read my question?
I did not speak of books
I saw that #PRS_ORG# has a News and Mags section but I don't know how to access this section
Thank you
Yes, I would like to pass the feedback, because in this case, I bought it specifically for that purpose
Good afternoon,
I am not able to setup my #PRS_ORG#
I have already tried this multiple times but keep getting the same initial message
Good evening,
#NAME#
Hello
thank you
What is your #PRS_ORG# reader?
no, what happens is that the screen stays on this message (attached), despite the pc app saying that the synchronisation is done
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I can not connect #PRS_ORG# to WIFI either.
no, someone no longer wanted it and gave it to me
Thank you, surely.
Yes, I already downloaded the #PRS_ORG# desktop app.
done
nothing happened, it stayed on the screen I sent the photo of.
what does it mean to "download the #PRS_ORG# desktop"
yes
done
I'll try with another cable.
It worked!
That was the problem
No, thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon.
I'm contacting you again
I bought an e-book yesterday and I can't access it
I am in contact again, I bought an e-book yesterday and I can't access it.
16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Image type: jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent copy of the tax invoice
I need a response
I do not want a refund
I want the book.
What is it?
I am trying it in the #PRS_ORG#
Sorry for the ignorance
By telephone
They say there is not
Look, I'm tired of this game of chasing my own tail, I call them, they say to talk to you, I talk to you and they say it's them.
First and last purchase
I want a solution
I don't want a refund
Good morning, I want to purchase the e-book but I can’t log on to #PRS_ORG# using the same password I use for #PRS_ORG#.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must be over a year.
hello
One moment
I am checking.
Check out The Rise of the Third Reich
ok
then
well, when choosing #PRS_ORG#, it doesn't accept the same password of #PRS_ORG#
Do you understand?
I can't get in touch with them.
they are not answering the phone
I couldn't find a chat like this one.
difficult
yes
OK
Better this way.
Waiting for email then?
combined, thank you
Thank you.
Good evening, I lost access to the book I was reading (bought in #PRS_ORG#).
I think it was when I made a call on the PC.
I was only 10% into reading it.
How can I fix this?
I think that it is #EMAIL#
If not, it could be the #EMAIL#.
Thank you
At #PRS_ORG#, I had access to the book and now, when I click, it says that it is not possible to access it
thanks I'm experimenting
I am restarting.
its already fixed!
If I want to share a book with my mother (as I would with a physical book) could I do that?
Yes, I know, I was asking, for comparison
that is, I would like my mother to read a book that I bought in #PRS_ORG# is there any way to do this?
or would I have to lend my personal #PRS_ORG#?
In other words, is it possible to use my account in 2 #PRS_ORG# simultaneously?
Perfect, thank you very much.
Even better!
Thank you for the help!
I purchased the ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR, on 22/02/#NUMBER# and so far it has not appeared on #PRS_ORG# for me to read.
I bought it on #PRS_ORG#, it says it's sent to #PRS_ORG#.
I spoke with them on the telephone and they said that it is your problem that you need to sort out.
#EMAIL#
Date of last purchase on the day 22/02/#NUMBER#.
Title of ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR.
I'll just get it in my email now, it's just a moment.
How do I send it to you?
Will the phone number suffice?
It is in PDF.
I will try to capture the screen.
but send me the email.
Okay.
I am sending it now, just a moment
I sent the receipt, via email.
It is in PDF.
Okay.
I will be more than happy to assist you.
Okay.
Correct.
I will do it now in the #PRS_ORG# app on my phone.
It has now appeared.
Thank you very much!
Will it work the same for the next purchase?
Good evening, and thank you very much!!
I have now returned.
I don’t know if you’re online now that the network’s down
hello #NAME#, I am returning.
my email is #EMAIL#
I logged into #PRS_ORG# with this email and only the book Dom Casmurro appeared.
How do I access the others in #PRS_ORG#?
I think your suggestion is preferable, because #EMAIL# is the email entry to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
But where will I find the e-books to synchronize?
Great!
Thank you
I synced it, but no book was added to My Books yet
yes, it is
Hallelujah!!!!
It worked.
Thank you very much #NAME#!
Thanks.
Everything's okay.
Health and luck!
Hug
Brazilian Portuguese: Doubts about book purchase and invoicing
#EMAIL#
I haven’t used it yet.
when making a purchase, can you read it on different devices?
computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
and can the invoicing be with my company's data?
okay
I am going to check in the account then
where do I put the company data and NIF?
say the company data to obtain the invoice'
I'm not finding
just account
Otherwise accounts
I don't see my account
I cannot see the e-book "ifrs, creative accounting and frauds" by the author #NAME#, for which I have already made payment by bank slip, since 18/02/2021.
#EMAIL#
ifrs, creative accounting and frauds
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I do have the #PRS_ORG# app installed.
I am
I already repaired it
Great, it's already in my account.
Thank you very much.
Score 10 Service
Thanks, that's it, thanks again 😁
I'll give you a rating as well for the excellent service
I haven’t received the Ebook I bought.
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#, registered and I can’t log in.
#EMAIL#
Ebook: UNVEILING OUR HOME, purchased on 22/02/#NUMBER#
It was in this email here that I bought and registered for #PRS_ORG#.
Yes.
No.
I have the email open waiting for you.
I've sent the email with the code you've sent me.
I tried to link it and it didn't work.
I followed those steps there and it did not work.
I want to know exactly what the problem is.
At the moment when I click on options and click on #PRS_ORG#, I do not see the option to link this account.
I'll give it a try.
Hello, are the #NAME# plans for gyms?
hello, are #PRS_ORG# plans for gyms?
Not for corporate companies, but individual plans that a natural person can hire to attend gyms
How does those different plans work?
Hello, are the plans of #PRS_ORG# for gyms?
Thank you for informing me about the values!
And I am looking for a plan that enables me to attend physical gyms 24 hours a day, for example, at the AMC, and not just online classes.
hello, I am here
thank you for the information
Have a nice week
Good day.
Yesterday I scheduled a class but the attempt was frustrated.
When we arrived at the studio it was closed.
I would like to have my credits back and not to have to pay any additional fees.
Thank you
Correct!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After a while of not reading through the app, I logged in and my ebooks were gone.
They were books from #NAME#,
My other question is if it is possible to download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No mercy, #NAME#
Hello, thank you
That's it.
There isn't any there
I had one, but I deleted my account.
That's it now
#EMAIL#.
I had to change the account with you, but apparently it worked
I would like you to transfer it to the #PRS_ORG# account, please, so that I can cancel the other one
They were a bunch of #NAME#.
Well, if you need me to tell you a few titles, there is: #PRS_ORG#, #market#ing and archetype
Okay, just one second
It has #NAME#.
Let me check
my daughter has an account #PRS_ORG# and is having trouble getting a book
my daughter (who has the problem, now she is: #EMAIL#
or I can purchase it on my own account and let my daughter read it
Hi #NAME#
my daughter has a #PRS_ORG# account and she is not able to acquire a book.
or can I purchase with my account and allow my daughter to read it?
Yes?
The water watch
water
11.99
We already tried to buy it through the #PRS_ORG# reader and my PC.
We could not complete the purchase on either device.
Until now I suppose that they didn't charge me.
But tb I also can't be sure of this at the moment, because sometimes it takes a while for the banking system to sync the operations
No.
It has not expired
Can I purchase in my account and allow my daughter to read?
It is that I also have an account #PRS_ORG#, through which I bought 2 books and readers
Ah!
That means I can always buy books from my account and share with my daughters, or I can only share once?
I didn't understand
Yes
Then confirm ff if the purchase was made or not, so I can try again in another way,
Ok?
thank you
No.
All set.
Thank you and good afternoon
I made a quota for an ebook in English, it was #URL# my credit card, but it does not appear in my #PRS_ORG# to download.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author...ebook in English
No, because I didn't buy it through #PRS_ORG#.
I bought it directly from #PRS_ORG# with the card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
No
#EMAIL#
But I don't use that
Let me check and let you know.
I need some more information
How do I purchase ebooks in English?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you.
Maybe a.co
Purchase did not work because of the language..
Okay.
Thank you #NAME# for your attention.
I found a debit, but then I realized it was older.
Thank you, not necessary.
I'm speaking with #PRS_ORG# where I bought it .
It has a purchase number.
:)
Problem with file
#EMAIL#
February 5th
Thank you, #NAME#
Today I purchased the ebook Aprenda a viver o agora by #NAME#
When I try to open it I get an error message saying that it’s not possible to open the document.
I have synced the eReader 3 times and it continues presenting the same error
On the eReader #PRS_ORG#
Okay
I am restoring it at this very moment
I am following the restoration update bar.
Let me know as soon as you update, ok?
Hello
It is in the process of updating
I tried it right now
And it didn't open
Continues with the same error
The following notification pops up: "Opa!
Sorry, it was not possible to open this document"
Ok
Just a moment
One moment
It's downloading the books again
One moment
It worked
Thank you!
Good job :)
No
Already helped
Thank you.
I was in a chat with #NAME#, I did everything I was told and I can't complete a purchase because you say an error has occurred
#EMAIL#
Several, Terra Alta
I already spoke with your colleague #NAME# and did what he said to do, but the problem is still going on
What information did you delete?
You're making me cry.
I did this
Read what is said to you, sff
I can't make the purchase checkout.
I don't know what your colleague did or didn't do
I cannot finalize purchases at #PRS_ORG#
Do they want to deal with this issue, or not?
I already added the information
But it seems that here the approach isn’t just following standards, but rather customizing the problem and finding solutions
I only have one credit card
I have always used the same without any problems
After that happens the same, I will talk to another agent and it starts all over again
How do you expect me to feel if you don’t do anything?
There are no missing informations, all informations are there.
I will do everything all over again.
Hello I’m unable to access my Ebook I bought on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
February 12 /02 LETTERS OF A STOIC, VOLUME I
That's the email I use on #PRS_ORG#...and on the #PRS_ORG# account.
I only purchased this one, and I can't access it with my #PRS_ORG# account.
I have added another ebook to #PRS_ORG#...ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I'm going to check it.
I'm going to send you a picture
Visitor uploaded: Sem-título.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found in my email
I will send you
only 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox (1,080)#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
sorry
I am going to send it to you.
complete
Visitor uploaded: Invoice.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check it out.
yes
it was added
That's it.
Thank you very much.
for the attention
Thank you.
good morning
I need help to retrieve and transfer the books: education against barbarism, the #PRS_ORG# circuit from the #EMAIL# account to mine
account #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
with the help of #NAME# I succeeded to rescue one book, but two others are still missing
Yes
because I can not try it in the #PRS_ORG# account
Education against barbarism and the circuit of affects.
I can't
please can you transfer for me.
didn't arrive
I am trying to see them on my phone, on #PRS_ORG#.
Thank you it worked I recovered the book.
Not only the three I bought, but also the ones I had already in my #PRS_ORG# account.
yes thank you
Good afternoon!
God bless your day.
I have bought the book Mundança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação.
The purchase was made in the culture, but I can not open it in # PRS_ORG #.
According to the bookstore, the ebook is in error and I should seek support with you.
# EMAIL#
15/01/#NUMBER#
The book is: Mindset Change - A New Way of Thinking About Education.
no, only this email
I also made a preview of it
but I made a purchase on #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the email with the purchase confirmation
but, I can access the note yes
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I have not received the PDF with the receipt or the XML from the bookstore yet
but, when accessing my account on #PRS_ORG#, this message appears that it has been already solved.
Also, I received the following message from Cultura:
Everything okay?
We appreciate the new opportunity;
Paying attention to your email about order #PHONENUMBER#, after speaking with the #PRS_ORG# company, it was detected that the ebook is flawed.
They have asked you to contact the #PRS_ORG# support directly, through the CHAT.
the book appears in the library
now
I will do the reading ... o
thank you
same
Good afternoon!
I am trying to play an audiobook but it plays only 4 minutes.
Hello there! I am trying to listen to an audiobook but it only plays for four minutes.
The Duke and I
Yes
Smartphone
I just did that.
The problem has been solved.
Thank you very much!
No.
Thank you very much for your help.
Hi there, have a great afternoon!
Yesterday, I received my #PRS_ORG# and there is no dictionary or translator.
Good evening yesterday I received my #PRS_ORG# and it does not function as a dictionary or translator. Could you help me please? Thank you.
#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes I did all of that.
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
URL: #URL#
Image file type: jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And dps when I try to use, it shows up with this
I would like to help you if I can, thanks.
Yes
Bought it just today
Yes
Are you okay?
It's okay
It works now, thank you and best regards.
I need help to find my book that I just bought
#EMAIL#
the train girl
please
my receipt for account #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
Sapiens
Where?
so I tried the synchronize button
because that is what the website said
and nothing went in
How do I do this?
done
Okay.
I synced and nothing came up
ok
yes
Nothing
Okay.
How do I do this?
yes
thank you
It appeared
It's downloading
thank you so much for your help
yeah okay
not very thank you
I would like to know the subscription plan values
Is she okay?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works – prices and whether I can use it in bodybuilding classes.
Is it in euro?
Is this in euros?
can you check how many credits are left for #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thank you!
I found it a little expensive for someone who goes 3x a week...
Good evening.
I would like to let you know that once again, they charged the monthly subscription without me being able to confirm my return to the gyms.
I have not gone out of the house for safety reasons, mainly because we are in the red phase.
I would like to kindly request a refund.
I canceled my plan, but they still charged me.
Please I'm waiting for a response.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer.
I don’t have anywhere to use all the credits I have
I would like the reimbursement
Yes.
Thank you.
I will observe if the refund was made in these days.
Can't I pass my credits to somebody else?
I understood.
Thank you
I would like to know values of each personal package.
Good day
I need to know the values and can’t find it on the site.
Can you help me?
I want to know how your packages work, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits, for example
Undue charge
Hello
How are you?
Hello!
A charge from your company appeared on my credit card.
But not a customer anymore
Phone number #PHONENUMBER#
phone number #PHONENUMBER#
don't remember
maybe that was through #PRS_ORG#
or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
ok, with the cpf you don't find anything?
card number ends with #NUMBER# mastercard
I have none.
May I cancel the payment together with the bank then?
I already sent you my CPF, unfortunately I don't have any other emails
maybe you lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what do I do then?
there is a charge from #PRS_ORG# on my credit card
I want your company to send me an email saying that I have no ties with you and that the amount is not correct
#EMAIL#
I am at work and can't stay here too long.
It's ok.
Thank you!
#NAME#
A wrong charge was made to my account.
#NAME#,
I do not have all this information in my hands
I don’t remember the day I canceled.
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
#PHONENUMBER#
04/21
I just don't remember the cancellation date
08/10/###NUMBER##
Hello, good evening!
how are you?
Hello #NAME#, how are you doing?
I would like to reactivate my subscription, in case there are 14 days free
and also for a lower value/plan
because when I click to re-activate
the value filled automatically is #NUMBER# - with 30 credits...I want one with 99 and up to 15 credits
Could you help me?
Here's a printout of my screen.
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
could you check if I can get the 10 credit benefit (14 day free trial)?
I want to try out a studio and want to make sure I can cancel my plan, if I don't like the studio.
I can't find the Pilates studio I attend to schedule my class
#PRS_ORG#
that is where I took my last class.
I will try again.
I did not make any booking for #NUMBER#
does there seem to be a reservation for today?
when I search for the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
1
#PRS_ORG#
2 When I search for the term "#PRS_ORG#" two options appear:
#PRS_ORG#
when I choose option 1, the page #URL# opens.
and when I choose option 2 (the one I need to schedule the class), it opens the page #URL#
so, they're not serving #PRS_ORG#
Does it have anything to do with the pandemic?
Certainly.
Hello, I have a plan of 15 credits per month and I can’t book swimming classes on #PRS_ORG#, every time I tried there was an error with the payment.
Hi #NAME#
Yes
Can you tell me if I need to have a specific plan to reserve SWIMMING?
Yes, please
Good morning.
I would like to know more about how credits work.
For example, with the plan in which I have 30 credits, how many classes can I attend?
Thank you!
also !
yes I am
I got it!
I would like to come for an average of 2x per week to do Pilates in studios around here
or any other activity that is not the gym
fight, perhaps.
Plans are monthly, right?
Sorry ahaha I have another doubt
on the homepage appear the plans available and the quantity of credits
together, "mark up to x classes" appears
How does it work?
is the number of classes shown there weekly or monthly?
I understand.
You're very welcome!
You are charging my card in an inappropriate way
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
CANCELLATION DATE: It has been one year already
Charge: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been charged in recent months
On 26/12/#NUMBER# a charge was made
ops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
That is what
#NAME#, I would like to know how the program works...at the R$ 189,00 value, for example, I can use any gym, can I check in each day, how much is each check in for a class or massage?
#NAME#, how does the plan work... for example, at the cost of R$189.00, can I go to any gym, check in once a day, what is the cost of each check in for classes or massages?
#NAME#, I wanted to ask how the plan works... at a cost of R$ 189.00, for example, can I use any gym, check in once a day, what is the cost of each check in for the class or massage?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, at #PRS_ORG#
I'm in São Paulo
Brazil
#URL#
for example this gym, you know the value that would be debited to do a class?
Good evening!
I requested a quote and have not had a response to my request as yet.
I'm awaiting contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not answer yet!
Yes, for corporate hiring.
Yes.
I work at #PRS_ORG# and I would like to know the corporate plans to hire for #PRS_ORG# employees.
1) Your company email address via your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Name of the company: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
I do not have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I'd like to know about corporate plans to hire for #PRS_ORG# employees.
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
The corporate data are as follows:
1) Your commercial email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company name: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
#PRS_ORG# doesn't have one!
I requested a quote via the Corporate Subscription page, but I have not received a response
Alright, I will carry out the quoting process again
Thank you!
Doubt about training credit
Hi
Good day
I have a question before signing up
If I sign up for the #NUMBER# plan per month, am I only able to go to the gym five times in the month since I only have 5 credits?
I in this case only want to go to the gym for in-person workout
I don't put much stock in online classes
dx I will check if I understood
if I sign up for #NUMBER# can I go to the gym to work out from Monday to Friday, and are the credits only for online classes?
I am going to change my question
to see if you can understand properly
with the #NUMBER# plan, can I go to the gym from monday to friday in the month to do my workout that I already have in mind without having to worry about the business of adding credit?
I am not interested in online class or anything like that
I understand more or less.
so one more thing
For example
the plan of #NUMBER# only means 5 credits, if the regular class at the gym is 1 credit, so I can go only 5 times a month
All right.
kkkk
Is the minimum value in the gym from 1 credit to exercise?
I understood.
Thanks, bye.
good work.
kkk
Hello.
Hi, don't you speak Portuguese?
Thank you very much!
I would like to know how much credit do I need to visit the gym at least 3 times a week
I didn't find any information on the website about the credits that the gyms charge...
I like the #PRS_ORG# on Av. Paulista
specifically yoga classes
okay
Okay, thanks for the information.
Hello,
I WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#
my name is #NAME#, I have a gym in Porto Alegre and I would like more information about the service and the possibility of being a partner
Ok I will have a look and get back to you if there are any questions.
doesn't have that page in Portuguese?
TKS
No, thank you
I would like to cancel
Just confirm if the cancelation was successful please
No
Good evening!
I already started two other chats, but they disappeared
I would like to receive back the credits for the classes that did not happen
A stretching class on Saturday at gym #PRS_ORG#, and an astanga class at #PRS_ORG#
No
The stretching class was on the 22nd of this month
And the Astanga class in #PRS_ORG# on October 5.
None of them happened
Ok :)
Everything is okay.
I will let you know!
Thanks!!
Good night!
Hello
I would like to have my credit returned for classes that did not take place
Ok :)
Hello, I am having issues managing my credits
It appears that the 24 credits I have today will expire tomorrow, and I cannot schedule a lesson for next Saturday with these credits.
However, I only keep my subscription active with you during the pandemic with everything closed, because I received an email saying that the credits would not expire on cycle changes.
Ok
Yes
Ok, when we get to discuss this, the main issue is about the credits not expiring anymore
I look forward to the email.
Hugs
Hello!
I booked a lesson which didn't happen, and haven't been given my credits back.
It is the second time this happens.
I would like to receive back the credits for a class that did not happen :)
Good day, we are a national association with more than 40,000 servers in our database and we are interested in forming a partnership in order to offer plans at differentiated rates.
I look forward to your contact.
thank you
Could you send me the form please
You're very welcome.
Oii, I was charged for a plan I am not using, and I am asking for a return
And is it possible for me to pass the subscription on to another person?
Why isn't my money free to be spent any way I want it to?
Thank you so much!
I would like to find out about gyms in Sao Paulo
I'd like to know the gyms of São Paulo.
How do I know the price charged by each gym?
do credits let me go to all the gyms?
Got it.
thank you.. I'll think about it
subscription
hello
I tried to sign up
charged my card
and blocked
I was in doubt
if it was or not
#EMAIL#
I subscribed for the 14 day test
I informed the credit card.
#PRS_ORG#
and then blocked it
lock
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I cannot exchange my credit card on the website
Hi
I am not able to update the data, my card is working normally
Tried both
including
none worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay
I will wait.
OK
I have a class at 4:45 p.m. and I wanted to see if I'll be able to make it or if I have to cancel, since the account is suspended
Okay, I'll do it.
And what about the class?
Can I cancel without charge until I sort out this issue?
Only from today because, to be honest, until I can speak to the bank, it might take a while!
That was it, really!
Any problem, I'll contact you
thank you!
Do I cancel the class or do you cancel it?
Okay thank you
Have a great day too!
Portuguese, Brazilian: Ola, bom dia
I would like to know if I can suspend the subscription for a period
Hi #NAME#!
Yes
I need to stop taking classes, but I want to keep my account
and the credits
yes
just confirm me if it is possible to freeze the subscription
For how long will I be able to stay away?
the charge will be suspended
understood
so every month I'll have to contact you to renew the suspension?
Ok
What is the best day to call every month?
Good night
How are you doing?
The second time I arrived to do yoga, my name wasn’t on the list
I usually make the reservations and use credits as well.
Ok thank you
Ok.
Thank you very much !
Text her pf
That's it, good night.
Hello, good morning.
I am trying to book a resavation for #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but error message appears.
I have tried to reserve two different schedules... How do I reserve?
Thank you #NAME#!
:)
No problem.
Do you need any information from me?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Ola boa tarde
Hello Good Afternoon!
#NAME#, everything is great and I hope everything is ok with you
I would like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
How do I cancel ?
that link won’t open
could you assist me in another way?
Okay, I'm waiting for your confirmation and if possible could you send me an email with a confirmation of the cancellation
Is there an email confirmation?
All right, thanks a lot
Hello!
I am from Brazil, and I noticed that you have many affiliate gyms in São Paulo, however I can not access the prices for Brazil.
Where do I see the price of my country?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Thank you!
And how does it work?
At each class I spend one credit?
Can it be used in any partner gym?
I understand!
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# of #PRS_ORG#
I understand.
And is there any other fees to pay, such as registration fees, for example?
Will the charges be in Real, so I do not have to pay taxes for making an international transaction?
Sure thing!
I will think about it and will contact you back.
Thank you very much
That is all.
Thank you
Hello, good evening.
I would like to ask a question.
Hi #NAME#, nice to meet you here on chat!
I would like to understand the plan of R$189 per month = 30 credits
Does each reservation correspond to 1 credit?
And why not 30 credits but only for 9 classes?
Would it be 9 types of classes or only 9 classes in the monthly period?
I don't know if my question got clear : )
It is not clear yet.
So I can only make 9 reservations with this plan, is that right?
Ahhh I understand
But why 9 classes?
Is that the maximum number of "lesson options" I can choose in this plan?
For example: bike, pilates, yoga, swimming, bodybuilding, etc.
It can't have more than 9 choices?
What does it mean?
Hmmmmm
So I choose these 9 lessons from the top of my head?
kkkkkkk
Perfect
That was it then
Good evening.
I would like to request a refund for my credits.
Due to my location there is nothing available for use.
How do I get a refund of my credits?
Hello.
I would like to request a refund for my credits.
There is nothing available for use due to my location.
How to recover the amounts?
Ok
Ok.
Thank you very much.
I wasn't being any benefit to not have anything nearby for me.
Thank you!
Hello, I’d like to know what activities there are in Campinas SP
Hi!
based on what I saw
there is just one studio that accepts you all in Campinas
then is there only this gym?
Do you intend to have more in Campinas?
My book "Música" does not show images neither on the #PRS_ORG# nor on the phone.
Is there a better version?
Of course!
;) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
That's what happens.
This is happening in the mobile phone, too.
I don't know if it is a corrupted file or if it is a general problem
I just said that the error happens in Android... and it doesn't happen in any other book.
Yes :)
But only in this book
I know where to fix it, thank you
But is it worth repairing if only 1 file is causing problems?
Other books do not do it.
I made the purchase of a book with a different email from the initial setup and the purchase was accepted with a #PRS_ORG# offer card that was transmitted to the reader but I can not open it.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Okay.
Police
I am looking for the model designation, but it's the first in your list
it still won't open
it is not resulting that the book appears but it does not open
one moment while I turn on the camera
#EMAIL#
it still does not open but I'll send the information that appears to you
Visitor uploaded: info-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
that's it
Is this to configure the ereader?
Forgotten the PC?
I have
Okay
ok and thank you
Yes, and once again thank you for your attention.
Same here.
Hi, how are you?
A few months ago, I needed to restore the #PRS_ORG# app for PC.
When I did this, I lost all my purchased books.
I would like to know how to retrieve them.
Thank you.
Mobile phone to contact: #PHONENUMBER#
My account was #EMAIL#.
However, this email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the app it automatically switched to #EMAIL#
Sorry, I spoke wrong.
it was always #EMAIL#
Yes, please!
Thank you!
I'll test it here
sorry, where do I do the synchronization?
On the computer or in the #PRS_ORG# itself?
the computer does not have the application
it's new
how do I download?
on the #PRS_ORG# device
#EMAIL#
I already did, but it's giving me an error
Yes, error in the synchronization
Okay, so one minute.
it seems to be working now!
so one minute to finish
, it seems like everything went well
Do I need to do anything else?
Okay, thank you so much!
happy new year
Good afternoon,
I made a points exchange through the #PRS_ORG#You protocol and would like to know which of the selected partner publishers can benefit from my book?
Thank you,
Good day,
Sure: #EMAIL#
I have not made a purchase through the #PRS_ORG# website yet.
I made an attempt to exchange points on the website of #PRS_ORG# using the protocol #PRS_ORG# You, and a code was provided to me that allows me to purchase a book on your store.
however any book that I select is not allowed, and when I went to see the rules it says that it's only applicable in some selected partner publishers, and I would like to know which ones they are
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
Certainly, one moment please
It appears on the list as Pending
already available!
thank you very much for the help.
No, thank you for the help
I can usually read the e-books on my #PRS_ORG#, but they are not loading on my #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
December 29
It does not load the e-books.
It says: 'care
It says "loading...." and nothing happens
I uninstalled the #PRS_ORG# and reinstalled it several times.
I restarted the #PRS_ORG# multiple times.
#PRS_ORG# (3rd generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I already did.
It continues not to load.
It won't open the book.
I turned it off and on again.
I uninstalled the app.
It is not there.
I went into settings.
Yes
Don't have "file"
I'm in the "storage"
Did not find it
I didn't find "restart"
"Slid to turn off," is what it said.
Turned off
I have turned it on again
I found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I am seeing my e-books
I didn’t even need to log in
Good evening, I can't buy books with any credit card only with an offer card.
How do I fix this?
Good afternoon, I am not able to buy books with no credit card, only with the gift card.
The latest one was today, a little while ago and its name is The Only Woman
The mobile
The eReader was also used to try and purchase the book.
#NAME#
Yes, you can do it.
Yes
I think it’s already been cleared
Okay.
What's next?
OK I am in process
Good afternoon.
I purchased the e-book "Promised Land" by Barack Obama on November 17.
I have already downloaded the book file to my #PRS_ORG#, however, now it disappeared and I can't download it again.
Good afternoon,
on December 1st
Thank you.
Yes
an e-reader #PRS_ORG#
sure
it worked
I finished just now
thank you
not at the moment
I thank you
likewise
How to activate family sharing
#EMAIL#
December 29
This.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
The purchased books are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#
It spins, spins, but doesn't enter
I don’t receive any error message
I signed out of the account on the #PRS_ORG# app and then logged in again.
Doesn't insist on logging in
The problem persists.
#PRS_ORG#
The books bought on Cultura are not loading on #PRS_ORG#
I can see the covers, but not the text.
I reinstalled the app, but the problem continues
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3 generation and #PRS_ORG#
I didn't understand.
I have a free book from the #PRS_ORG# and it loads normally
In the bought books, the app informs that it is "loading" and doesn't load anything.
In the #PRS_ORG# I can read normally, but I have a problem with the #PRS_ORG#.
#PRS_ORG# by #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I am logged into the #PRS_ORG# on this account
I am reading the book at the moment in the #PRS_ORG#
I am trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Ok
Waiting, no problems.
The "Milícias" book is not showing up.
Yes.
Has reappeared, but it still isn't loading.
I am waiting for your contact.
I'll have lunch.
Thank you for the help, so far.
Thank you.
A good year for you and your team.
I cannot download the ebook
Hello
Hello
#EMAIL#
Our daily bread
Okay.
On the mobile phone #PRS_ORG#
I can open "O pão nosso de cada dia"
No, it just keeps spinning the ball and then goes back to the cover screen
I already did it
If I go out of that screen, I will lose the chat
I bought an ebook from Cultura on the 28/12/#NUMBER# and so far it's still not available for reading.
The title is What is Inclusive Education.
It has already been added, I received a fiscal note and I cannot synchronize it!
#EMAIL#
28/12/#NUMBER#
the purchase code is  # #PHONENUMBER#-01
ok
I’ve already done it.
it still does not appear...it only shows what I bought in June of #NUMBER#
that is what I sent earlier...
# #PHONENUMBER#-01
that is the purchase
I paid by credit card, it has already been invoiced and is shown as sent on the #PRS_ORG# website!
the only thing I do not understand is why they have not released it until now...
do you have another email address?
but my email #PRS_ORG# is what I passed on to you?!
I have the invoice I received by email.
I will forward
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
There it is!
That.
In my application it is not appearing yet...how should I proceed?
Now it appeared!
Finally!
Thank you very much!
I appreciate it!
I have doubts.
#EMAIL#
it should be two days
hello
Hello #NAME#, how are you doing?
I am starting to read on #PRS_ORG# now
I am unable to mark the page
no
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#
I can’t do it yet
when i get to the 'annotations', what should I do?
I don't see the option to mark the page
does not appear to me in the top right corner of the page a fold mark at the bottom of the page
I still can't
nothing
I have already done this
I cannot call you, can I?
OK
okay
still nothing
What is #NAME#?
Thank you
bye
Password
Bought on 05/01
Hello anybody there
#EMAIL#
I'm having a password problem.
If I put my son's e-mail, will I be able to do it
Okay
No mobile phone
I don't have a computer
Yes, I'm having trouble with the synchronization with the bookstore in order to have the book I bought.
Won’t do it
Just a moment
I was able to do it with another email
How do I get access to the book
And they lived happily ever after.
Only minutes
#PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
Did you see the 2 that I sent missing, 1 number
What do I do, call the bookstore
I bought with #PRS_ORG#
I will call the book store
Thank you
Okay
I have just purchased an ebook and wish to download it to my cell phone.
#EMAIL#
07/01/#NUMBER#
I bought with #PRS_ORG#, but I think I informed my corporate e-mail in the purchase of today, the e-mail is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# app on my mobile by the email account #EMAIL#, will I have to download the app again by the corporate email account?
I bought the book Range.
it appears on #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but gives an error when opening
#EMAIL#
Range
Ok
Oh, it was not possible to open this document. There may be a problem with the file.
Try synchronizing your e-reader. If you still can't open, please contact #PRS_ORG# Customer Service at #URL#
sure
ok
Done.
now appeared a menu to choose the language
language
I re-logged in and it is downloading the Range book again
I am waiting for the download to finish automatically.
entered
I had already done it, but okay, the important thing is that it was entered.
something might be missing
thank you
Just that, thank you very much and happy new year
good work
ok, thank you!
After the tablet is factories reset it won't boot anymore.
When I try to set up the wi-fi, I get an error update.
I have already tried to reset again and also wiped the cache but it does not work.
What should I do?
thank you.
I'm sorry I don't have an account
I believe it's the simplest one, #PRS_ORG#
that's it
yes no complete connection
#7
Error #7
How can I update via android robot by using the usb drive option?
yes I'm on my computer
and the tablet is connected
no
I'm going to install it.
Now I have it finished
if the e-reader is the tablet, yes it is
I would like to remind you that I gave a factory reset to the tablet
That option does not exist
after the first screen where I select the language and press Get Started, the next screen is to set up Wi-Fi and I don't have an option to not set it up
I only have the option of Scan, Add Network, Back, Next and select some Wi-Fi network.
yes, turning off now
Rebinding again
he just called and I got a message that the #PRS_ORG#ou
What is the #PRS_ORG#?
No, how?
#NAME#, I thank you a lot for the help and patience, but I need to go now.
I'll try again later to ask for some help here.
Thank you and have a good day.
What's your email?
Okay, thank you.
Good evening
I made a purchase of a book, paying through #PRS_ORG#, but the book is not in my account.
# Email #
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
Hi. I purchased a book and paid for it via #PRS_ORG#, but the book isn't in my account. #EMAIL#.
Yes
Ok
I am trying to upload the image.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Okay
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction I did approximately 25 minutes ago, I have only received this information
I did not receive an invoice from #PRS_ORG#
Until then I won't have access to the book or be able to buy it, right?
Okay, thanks
No.
I am waiting for the email for the resolution.
I cannot open the book I purchased.
I am unable to open the book I purchased.
I think it was the 4th of January
Thank you
Yes, I can't open it and read it.
Thank you.
I carry the book to open it and read it and the page goes back to the beginning
It's not just about opening.
Yes
Yes in the app of my #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
Not supposed to?
PRS_ORG#
Sure, if I can.
All done now
Or better you had already done it before contacting you
But I redid it now
It won't let me.
It still doesn't open
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I press down on the book to open it and it doesn’t.
It takes back to the same page as it is in the picture
I tapped it as you asked and it still won't open
Yesterday evening I managed to open the book.
Today it does not work anymore
OK, I already finished the session
I already did
Thank you
Hello, I would like to move my books to #EMAIL# from the #PRS_ORG# account and delete that first email from my account.
Thank you.
No merit, #NAME#, of the first one.. And a #PRS_ORG# was put in the second one these days for confirmation purposes
Well, he told me, but I can't see them down there
The app #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thank you, sometimes we forget to try the obvious
No,that was all, thank you.
Ok
#PRS_ORG#
Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook began to give me trouble again, I can’t open any books.
#EMAIL#
Excuse me, but, what is e-reader?
I had this same problem with a book just a week ago or so.
I use it on my mobile phone, #PRS_ORG#.
All books appear, but they don't open.
On the notebook works normal.
Hello, yes it left.
I already had this problem with 1 book, which would not open, it appears but does not open.
Now all of them.
Okay
Cellphone, on the notebook works fine
Alright
Dear folks, good evening, I would like to remove the card that is saved in my profile without inserting another at the moment, how do I do that?
#EMAIL#
The dare
then it only shows me the option to edit and not to delete it
Yes, please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
for me, this is all I get, if you can delete it, it would help me a lot
only deleted the card, right #NAME#?
only that #NAME#, thank you very much for your attention, ok?
a question, won't I have the option of boleto payment in the future?
instead of paying with a card, pay with a boleto
I am going to send it, thank you so much for your help #NAME#, have a great day
I bought the e-book ‘Seminário dos Ratos’ on the 29/11/#NUMBER#, through #PRS_ORG#, at a cost of R$ 11,96 (as part of a promotion) .
I have already paid via credit card.
Until today I haven't received it.
I would like to know what happened and if I will receive the book.
Thank you for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase on 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
In my #PRS_ORG# I cannot buy it either because it does not appear to me on any of the devices.
It's as if I haven't bought it at all.
The books I bought previously appear smoothly.
But this one not.
Okay, just a moment please.
Appeared.
What happiness!!!!
Thank you very much!!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Nice afternoon to you.
Thanks.
I have a #PRS_ORG# shape and it locked the EReader.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
This January
I bought from your website on December 24 the #PRS_ORG# form with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# and the device was locked.
It doesn't change pages or switch off.
I can see the text that was on the screen.
It had about 80% charge.
Not once that it had so much charge to not poison the battery
No,
It is already connected
It is already connected and has been restarted.
The batteries were already dead.
Yes and it's already charging
Good evening, I bought the book Crónicas e caprichos, but it disappeared from my #PRS_ORG# library.
It appears on my customer area, however when I synchronize it doesn’t appear on the #PRS_ORG#.
When looking for the book in the store on the #PRS_ORG# it appears as never bought.
I think that when they updated the edition of the book, it was no longer recognized on the device.
I request assistance, thank you.
Dear Sir/Madam,
The sun at midnight
thank you
#NAME#
one moment please
it still doesn't appear...
I think so.
I believe it has to do with the new edition
because the book appears in my account on the web browser, but not on the #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
one moment please
#NAME#
Thank you very much.
that's all, thanks very much
Good job and good night!
Good afternoon,
I have been trying to purchase an ebook on your website since yesterday but it keeps showing server internal error #NUMBER# at the moment of the transaction.
How can I solve this situation and acquire the ebook?
Thank you!
Dear valued customer,
the only ebook that I have at the moment
the only ebook I have at the moment
Dear Sir,
ok
I am using this moment to use my computer
I don't have this information.
The error that appears is the following
Visitor uploaded: error-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
already is
I am now in the purchase area
I had already left
do you want him to come back?
OK
I will then add this
I added it already
Ok
I was able to do it!
Thank you so much for your help.
No, it was just that.
thank you again
Okay, I will reply
APP #PRS_ORG# informs me that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY but I have purchased ebooks.
I request immediate restoration, please.
APP #PRS_ORG# desktop reports my library is empty, but I have purchased ebooks. Please recover immediately.
At the moment, I don't remember when I bought them, about 3-5 years ago.
Yes
I'm waiting.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
The message says that my library is empty.
I downloaded it again, but it still has the same message.
Yes.
Yes.
Done.
where is the settings link.
Do you see Vejo Tem ima conta?
Log in and above it says the help button.
I can't find the link
I understand but I don't know how to proceed.
Yes.
OK.
I logged in #PRS_ORG# and it said it didn't find the account
Yes.
yes.
Okay.
ready.
yes, I'm trying to see.
I accessed the page
I am taking the call.
I inserted the password, but it didn't work.
We couldn't find an account with that email or address.
OK.
thank you.
Good morning.
I bought 2 books last night but I can't read them on my #PRS_ORG#.
I have already synchronized but it still has this problem.
Thank you in advance!
I bought 2 books yesterday night but I can't read it on my #PRS_ORG#.
Last night from January 21 to January 22
thanks!
The books I bought last night are Sapiens A Brief History of Humanity and The Tattooist of Auschwitz
The covers of the books appear in " My Books" but when I want to open it to read it says " Oops!
This document could not be opened!
and said that there was likely a problem with the file.
and asks me to sync my ereader but the problem persists
and #PRS_ORG# has already sent the receipt of purchases to my email
Yes.
I can open it in my mobile phone.
it's okay!
thank you, 🙏🏽
okay
ok.
I will inform you about something
still hasn't finished
It still has the problem.
I'm trying again.
Good morning!
Would like to know about technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG#, which burned the inner light.
Good morning!
22/11
hi
I am.
so it's an old one
then the light is no longer working
oops, let me find out
pear
: #PRS_ORG# (Qtde: 1)
How do I do that?
fine
#NAME#!
if it doesn't work, there is no support?
It's okay
ugh
I wrote the wrong thing
excuse me
#EMAIL#
it's quite old kkk
but I was asking if, even if I pay, I could arrange it?
aaah I understand
How are you?
I hope that this is the process that you taught from scratch
ok
Thank you very much for the instructions
No.
that's it
Hello!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How do I do that?
#EMAIL#
23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, it does not appear the option Account Settings
The page has disappeared.
Now when I enter #URL# it goes straight to #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
In the left corner it has a Login option and not an account option
Here's the information: We couldn't find an account with this address. ... Make sure you typed it in correctly
What?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do this?
The following message was received: In order to keep your #PRS_ORG# account safe, we locked it out after five failed attempts to sign in.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
ok
A link was sent to log in.
Is that right?
Ok .
I created a new password and got the message: we did not find an account with this email address or password.
Please check if you entered correctly.
Right
OK, I was able to log in.
Yay!!
I am in the account settings now.
So now what?
Next to Livraria Cultura click in order to link the account?
Went back in the #PRS_ORG# and Log in.
When I clicked enter this came up: No account was found with this email address or password.
Please check if you entered your data correctly.
I have repeated the steps, I have repeated the Vincular essa conta next to #PRS_ORG#, and this message always appears:
above
How so?
Yes, normal
I already got in touch with #PRS_ORG# and they tried and said that the problem is with #PRS_ORG# and that I should get in touch with you... it’s difficult, isn’t it?
Okay
Yes, you can.
Resolve the issue
Okay.
My #PRS_ORG# isn’t working, I plugged it up to charge and it doesn’t turn on.
The model is the #PRS_ORG#, where can I get assistance?
#EMAIL#
I don't have that information, I have never used the #PRS_ORG#, it worked before but now it doesn't
Ok.
By q I understand that it is
I place it on the charger, both on the pc and the outlet but nothing lights up and it doesn't charge
do not*
yes, but it doesn't work
Other connection, what kind?
do we need a specific cable?
sorry, I didn't understand
right
The light does not turn on
My #PRS_ORG# is the #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C model, it has no on-off button, it has a different button that slides to the side
My goodness, it has been sooo long
Is there a place that makes maintenance on this device?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Do you still manufacture?
Is there any place that does the maintenance?
Understood
There is no maintenance just for this model or any of them?
and even so you suggest that I buy another one?
for a product that has no assistance if I need it?
I understood, thank you so much for the information.
Good evening
I am seeing that there will be many people displeased like me.
that they fill the complaints book
THIS IS BAD IF IT IS NOT #PRS_ORG#
I can't buy anything in the #PRS_ORG# shop, I already changed my card twice, I changed my account, I went to #PRS_ORG# and didn't get an answer I want to know how I can fill in your complaint book?
I am waiting
NOT IN THE END OF THE PURCHASE IT SIMPLY GIVES ME A ERROR THAT SAYS UPS!
ERROR AND YOU CANNOT COMPLETE THE PURCHASE
IT WAS ALSO NOT BETTER TO BE CHARGED AND NOT TO GET THE PRODUCT FROM #PRS_ORG#
IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO FINISH THE PURCHASE
NO
JUST #NAME#
I WILL DO IT AGAIN BUT I HAVE DONE IT THREE TIMES AT LEAST
I have already done it
I have done it
I did it and I always have the same error
BUT I HAVE ALREADY DONE THIS
I have already changed my card twice and already updated the account details several times.
What does #NAME# mean?
I am already on the third book I try to buy and the error is always the same
is better
but there is a time limit to return the equipment (which I am going to do) and fill out the complaints book
On the website but first I tried it on the e-reader and the result was the same
she didn't answer how can I fill out a complaints book or how to convey to #PRS_ORG# my deep displeasure
where?
Any help?
thank you
I bought a #PRS_ORG#, and after backing it up, it will not leave the Wi-Fi screen.
The network password is not accepted
#EMAIL#
I don't remember purchasing an ebook, I only use it as a tablet
not that was a purchase I made on a trip to Canada about 5 years ago
is there something you can do or did I lose the product?
I can't log out, that is I don't use it as a tablet anymore
already downloaded on PC
However, it asks to turn on the #PRS_ORG#
when I turn it on it doesn't leave the wifi screen
no
I entered the app
nothing
just the Wifi screen
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I think that there's no solution for my case, lol
nothing else appears besides the screen of language option.
and wifi
that is,
I can't go anywhere
My computer recognises the device
no
I'm good
Thank you for trying to help me
Happy new year...for you too!!
Thank you!
Good morning
I'm needing help.
I'm #PRS_ORG# years old and I never had problems with synchronization.
I even used it in November without any problems.
Today I am not able to.
It is not recognizing my e-mail and I do not remember my password.
I have pending ebooks and can't sync.
If you can help me, I would be grateful.
In fact, I don't know, since I've had problems with my first email which was #EMAIL#.
Actually I do not know, because I had problems with my first email #EMAIL#.
as it was my daughter in law that set up for the first time i believe the password would be #NUMBER#
A #PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to enter via the #PRS_ORG# because it did not recognize my email or password either.
Including my library has disappeared.
I had a lot of books there and they have all disappeared.
I might be entering wrong.
I am #NUMBER# years old and I consider myself a heroine in IT because I am good at handling it, but it has now become a headache for me.
Okay
could be
but here I need some help and guidance
Yes
if i find you it will be all right kkkkk
so please use the second e-mail #EMAIL#
It would have to be changed there.
my cell phone is #NAME#
I think it's that number registered
in this reconfiguration I don't lose what is already downloaded in #PRS_ORG#
new account?
and what is the password
how do I modify my registration with cultura?
I tried to talk to them, phone #NAME# I have, but when I spoke about #PRS_ORG# the call dropped and they did not answer my call anymore.
If you have a phone number to help me, I appreciate it.
Is there a problem that the registration of #PRS_ORG# is different from the registration of Cultura?
Now I remember that I last used #PRS_ORG# for books that I bought at the #PRS_ORG# store.
I have more than #NUMBER# books
ok
For now no.
Thank you for your patience and attention.
Happy #NUMBER#!
beautiful
I wait for your response.
My #PRS_ORG# screen is fading.
#EMAIL#
I think it is one year already
Translation in English:
His eReader's screen is fading, all the functions are there, but I can't read anything on it
Yes it is always charged I never let it run out of power or dropped it
I let it in the factory mode to see if it would come back but the letters are so erased that I can't even read it properly
I've already done that
The screen is still the same.
What do you mean?
It responds normal, the only problem is that the letters and images are practically erased.
Hi
Yes
Yes
Ok
No
Yes
I did it the way you said but nothing showed up
Yes
It looks like if it has been shut down
However, it is possible to see the books that I still have
You can even see dear written off screen
It's not turning on I think the screen got stuck
It's not turning on
Okay
He didn't come back
It did not turn on and it continues with a very clear background showing the books.
Is there another thing we can do besides what you're saying?
Why was he just with the screen with letters and images half erased now after I did what you said he's not even on
It isn't working now
It looks like if you had turned the screen off, it does not do anything else, it does appear like it is turned off, but it shows the books, "bem carinho", and the one that says "off", but I cannot do anything.
Now it's very hot
Yes
Would you have any technical assistance in SP?
I resume the following conversation.
The conversation has resumed at: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I am resuming conversation with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Please be aware that if you switch between applications, lock your phone, or move to another window while chatting with us, you may become disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience, please stay active in this chat window.
Due to a higher number of requests, our response time may be slightly delayed.
We apologize for any inconvenience and we will respond to your request as soon as possible, thanks for your patience.
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thank you for contacting us, can you please indicate the email you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I want to buy a book but I can't complete the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisbon in Camisa
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Thank you for the information.
I'll be happy to assist you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Allow me a moment to check your account in #PRS_ORG#.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for waiting.
(03:36:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I'm asking if you completed your billing information when trying to make your book purchase?
(03:38:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I confirmed the payment instructions as I was advised in the message with the note that the payment hadn't been made
(03:39:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I see that there were some purchase attempts that did not go through.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes, when an error occurs in the transaction, banks don't let you make any more purchase attempts.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: You can contact your bank to see if they have added a restriction on our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: Let me check
(03:43:#NUMBER# PM)
the last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisbon in Camisa
yes and the bank informed me there is not any problem doing the transaction on their side
OK
Yes now it worked
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening,
I have a #PRS_ORG#. How long do I have to press the On/Off button to turn my device completely off?
Good evening,
I haven't made any purchase
I only received the device today
But the sleep mode takes up lots of battery.
When I first turned it on it had 59% and now it only has 39%
I already tested what you told me faster but it never shut down.
It just went to sleep.
I bought this phone because I always hear that the battery durability is great....
Is it possible that there might be something wrong?
I didn't charge, I only connected it to the computer to import books.
Before messing with it, I read the manuals.
Nor in the manual, nor on the Internet, did I find anything about this subject.
I believe so but as I said, nowhere did the information appear
Sorry but I did not understand
I can't.
I charge it until it supposedly says it's off and nothing happens.
Let me say again, it just goes to sleep mode.
How much?
But I already told you that does not happen
It is the seventh time I've done this and it only goes to sleep mode.
How?
And what about the battery issue?
And the problem with the battery?
Will I lose my books?
What about the battery?
The battery problem that I mentioned in the beginning...
How do you mean?
But you still have not understood that I said nothing about it in the manuals and absolutely in no side?
It should appear in the manual if it is that important.
So basically I paid for a device that supposedly has a lot of battery life and that I didn't charge 4 hours initially lost that ability??
Can it last weeks???
The device is new.
And as I already mentioned, it came with 59% battery (was turned on at 1:00 p.m.) and it's now past midnight and it only has 37% and I didn't even use it; it was always in sleep mode.
I already reset the settings to the factory settings.
It continues to not turn off
I charged for more than #NUMBER# seconds and nothing appeared, it just went into sleep mode 5 seconds after charging.
In the end, nothing else happened
It does not turn off in any case.
Tomorrow I will contact the store where I bought it and ask for a new one or a refund.
Good evening
Good day
I asked #PRS_ORG# if I could give someone an ebook as a gift they said yes, I just had to buy on the site, receive a link, and then sent the link to the person.
But, as far as I can tell, this does not happen.
I just bought an ebook now and I guess it's just associated with my account, right?
How can I offer this ebook to another person?
#NAME#,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
9th of January #NUMBER#
Good morning #NAME#
The book is a present, it's not for me.
How can I give it to who I want to give it without it staying in my library?
Is it possible?
Yes that's right
I had bought a physical one from #PRS_ORG# and the person asked to change it for an ebook.
At the #PRS_ORG# I made the return and they said that if I bought on the website that a link to download the book would be sent to me and I would have to send the link to the person I wanted to give the ebook to.
But that did not happen.
Or I don't understand anything about the subject.
Or both, hahaha
So is there no way to offer it ?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just money cards of the store, right?
In this case I prefer just the return of the money since I won't be using the book and the person doesn't have access.
The purchase was a mistake.
I didn't even open the ebook as you can probably see from the history.
I would appreciate in this case for the refund to be made back to the same payment method.
Thank you #NAME#
Thank you very much #NAME#
That's all.
Thank you very much.
The contact will be by email?
Yes, but if it's necessary for the purposes of this process I can also be contacted on the #PHONENUMBER# number
No
That’s all
Thank you again
Good afternoon, I am unable to change the pass word on the account #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to do this so that I can give the access for a book that I bought to offer as a gift.
Greetings
#NAME#
25 December
#EMAIL#
24
December
sorry
Thank you.
ok, but how can I provide access to my father to give the book as a gift?
the objective is this
ok but i needed a way for my father to access it
through log in
by my account with a pass and my associated email
no
ok that's fine
and it is not even possible, for example, for me to log in normally
okay, but I’m trying now
and it's not accepting, or do I have to go through #PRS_ORG# website
thank you very much:L)
I could already access with this option via #PRS_ORG#
I can not access the books I purchased
#EMAIL#
I bought the book via #PRS_ORG#, and I can't access it.
The courage to be imperfect
I am not managing to link the #PRS_ORG# account with the one from #PRS_ORG#
by #PRS_ORG# cellphone
okay, it says it's having trouble syncing
I log in to #PRS_ORG# and then try to associate the #PRS_ORG#
now I logged in via #PRS_ORG# and I am trying to associate again
It says that it cannot find the account
I tried, but it doesn't find it either
on the #PRS_ORG# website I usually log on
yes
and when I try the synchronisation it says that the system is not available
hello
however I am logging on normally on the #PRS_ORG#  and on the #PRS_ORG# I can't associate
I'll try
I'm still changing
We can not find an account with this email address or password.
Check if you entered it correctly.
this
the two are the same email
I can log on to #PRS_ORG# by #PRS_ORG#, but when I go through the bookstore I get this message
but when I log directly on the bookstore's website it works
Thank you, I'm waiting for your response
Just that.
Thank you.
Since January, I have not been able to pay #PRS_ORG# in #PRS_ORG# and therefore I have not been able to buy as I used to.
My car loan is the same
#EMAIL#
Various, High ground, the joe nesbo knife, etc.
I lost the connection, or are you checking?
I already tried that.
my computer
#PRS_ORG# website.
What private browser?
I don't see it, I always did the same way.
I don’t even know if it’s possible to buy anonymously
How?
Do I just go on the site, clear my information and purchase?
how do I pay?
A laptop with #PRS_ORG#
I do not understand, should I leave the site?
Would you like me to sign up again for #PRS_ORG#?
Wouldn't it be better to talk directly?
Why?
Can't I do that with my password and email?
I can't understand that.
First if you leave the chat it will not follow the verification
Secondly I still don't understand how to enter anonymously, I have never done this before
To go to my account they ask for my mail and password
Can it be a mobile phone?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you accompany me over the phone?
No, I’ve never done it.
I want to do it on the PC, but let's talk
Our conversation is not going well because I do not understand computers
I will try again and if it does not run well, do I have to return to the chat?
Answer what I ask sff
Good morning, my #PRS_ORG# entered recovery mode, and I no longer know what
log into the page of #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Great #NAME#
he goes to the configuration screen, I can log on with the wifi network, date and time, he tried to do an update but it always says error
approximately 4 years
yes
it is open
It asks for email and password
I was able to log in
No books found appears
many of them yes
the last purchase was less than a month ago
It's the same email that I've sent you
No
yes
I bought it through my own device
I have an email from #PRS_ORG#,  #EMAIL#
I will check it out
yes what do I do
right a moment
#NAME#, I can't enter with this email, it says no account found
I tried to log in by clicking the icon you suggested, but there was no option to log in with the new account, so I went back to the link that you sent and it said that no account was found with this email.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
how do I do that?
The options that exist are new tab, new window, and new anonymous window.
Right and then
Still nothing to tell me?
#NAME#, ladies and gentlemen, can you tell me why I can't finish the purchase of ebooks in #PRS_ORG#?
I was with #NAME# in chat but they didn't tell me anything.
#EMAIL#
Terra Alta
I don't use the #PRS_ORG#
Can I use the #PRS_ORG#?
But for that, they would have to provide me with the payment data and the situation would not be resolved
How do you check this?
But I don’t know how to verify that
And this issue has only started about a month ago
What will you need?
Ok
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
The msg when I try to complete the purchase is "Oops an error occurred"
#PRS_ORG#, with no message
How to capture the screen?
I have already seen the message that appears and previously sent
It is a laptop with a docking station
Where can this be seen?
Okay.
I wait for.
Thank you.
I do not remember my #PRS_ORG# log in and password (I can not activate).
Perhaps there may be an old account (which I do not remember) that is not linked to #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactive and rescue my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please, I’m out of options, completely stuck.
my current email is #EMAIL# (on #PRS_ORG#).
No #PRS_ORG#, I don't remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two books in english essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
Gone with the Wind - Margaret Mitchell
I can't access #PRS_ORG# nor login to #PRS_ORG# (I forgot which initial login, maybe one that was old and a duplicate)
Before logging out of #PRS_ORG#, I synchronized several times and it didn’t download the last purchase from #PRS_ORG# - Then I logged out and couldn’t identify the old (and duplicate, I believe) login anymore, nor the new one: through the email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that's the old one, I don't use that email anymore, it was #EMAIL# and it's inactive.
I need the one with the current culture: #EMAIL#
I just did it again, and it didn’t recognize me.
"We did not find an account with this e-mail address or password.
Please check if you entered correctly."
That's the option I tried with.
it doesn't recognize the account
that didn't work either
Perhaps it would be better to unlink the old one, to keep it unpolluted.
I like #PRS_ORG# very much and I intend to use it forever.
Therefore, option 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
did it work?
Thank you very much!!!
Thank you very much! !
And a great day to you too!!
I bought two ebooks and I don’t know how to view them??
#EMAIL#
#14/01/#NUMBER# ebooks Astral Body and Mental Body
I already downloaded it on the site #URL#, but I don't know how to access the ebook??
How do I do it?
Can I start now??
Will the chat become unavailable?
Ape
A screen appears but there is not a NO option.
It is not a configuration screen.
When I accessed the site #URL#, a screen pops up saying “How can we help you?”
no, but who directed me was the system I followed what you said.
I am planning to buy a few ebooks from the same site.
If we could solve the problem it would be good for everyone...
It’s this screen that appears
There's no option to choose NO.
He downloaded and chose NO
Is this right?
Do I click on exe??
He asked if I could let the app make changes?
To run the #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon was created
It opened a login screen and create an account is that right??
The system says that it didn't find an account or a password...
Yes.
Sync process finished
It opened a help initial page?
It’s not opening the screen.
It shows both books, but when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open??
Thank you #NAME#.
Good evening.
Good afternoon.
I have a #PRS_ORG# for many years, it’s asking for a re-configuration and I can’t make it.
What do I do?
I need to talk to someone.
Help me please old desperate man (67a) Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I don't remember, I was making the purchase O Conde de #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect to Wi-Fi. It recognizes it as correct and then shows a page indicating a network error.
No way!
And yes to START the e-read.
Detail: I haven't touched anything and I didn't do anything differently from what I've been doing for years.
I am layman in "computer" how do I do?
How do I begin?
I clicked
What is #NAME#?
What to transfer now?
It's been done and now what?
Three items appeared: #PRS_ORG# (5) #PRS_ORG# (6) and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the download folder
I'm a zero to the left with computers.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" I think(?).
It opens as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I execute?
It's running
It has ended and created a shortcut on the desktop.
I open the program
Ok, I finished step 5
I can't do anything and the #PRS_ORG# is totally confused.
I'm more lost than I was
Sounds like it worked, I'm trying to access the #PRS_ORG# now.
I am trying to do the login with #PRS_ORG# and it does not recognize the e-mail.
I'm unable to do it, and I'm so impatient.
I am old and I NEED TO ASK QUESTIONS WITHOUT BEING ON HOLD
PLEASE HOW DO I SOLVE MY PROBLEM .HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
They do not understand, they were born with a computer, I was not.
Your didactics is great for those who understand computers, but not for my case.
Thank you for your brilliant attention.
What you do is social exclusion.
Greetings
Want to help me?
Say a phone number so that I can call and, possibly, solve the problems of the "blessed" device.
I don't change my mind: that's social exclusion.
One day you will feel what it is like to go through a similar situation.
I just requested the book Box trilogy o século
And it showed up a card problem msg.
I repeated the purchase 'three times and the same message appeared.
However my credit card approved all purchases.
What should I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man who loved dogs.
Where do I find this?
In #PRS_ORG#?
Why failed?
With regard to these failed requests, will they be cancelled?
#NAME#, can I do this process from my cellphone?
The thing is, I'm not exactly a hacker kkk
Good day!
Good Morning!
My #PRS_ORG# does not turn on anymore, I want to access my books from the app, but I can’t remember the password and my email changed.
how can I proceed to retrieve my books?
My old email address is #EMAIL#
The current email is #EMAIL#
I think it was Sappiens by #NAME#
this title
many others
all my books are in this account
you see, I buy the books by #PRS_ORG# and they go to #PRS_ORG# and now it crashed
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was from the company I worked at
I no longer have this email and when I put it in, I forgot my password and the password goes to this email
I need the password to come to my email #EMAIL#
Can you help me?
thank you
That would be great
the login email is #EMAIL#
And I put forget the password
is that it?
is so
thanks!
Shall we wait here?
ok
no problem.
We did not find an account with that email address or password.
Make sure that you typed it correctly.
I put in the password and got this msg
OK
ok
ok
it worked
it didn't work
I still have no access
Yes.
that was the one.
hello
We did not find an account with that email address or password.
Please verify that you have correctly typed it.
I log in with #EMAIL#
and I put the password and it doesn't work
I'll try with #PRS_ORG#
now entered, where do I locate the books?
I am on the website
I did not understand.
On the site
I'll try here
Thank you very much
something is calling me again
thank you for your attention
Hello, I was trying to define the billing address but I can't see the field to define the tax number.
This way the invoice will not be valid.
Where can I enter the VAT number to buy books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
I am speaking to whom?
in english it is VAT number
there is no place to define this.
and to have the invoice it is mandatory to define the portuguese VAT number
ok, and where can I get in touch with you?
may I send the order to an email?
yes, VAT in English is IVA in Portuguese.
I understood
Yes, what is the email address?
I'm going to buy a book now and try to request an invoice.
if I can not do so, I ask you.
2 minutes
I ended the purchase
but now I need the invoice
It seems that in the meantime I am not speaking with the same person.
#NAME#, I spoke to your colleague before because I need an invoice and there was no space on the site to define the NIF
So I needed the invoice for the purchase I made
I just bought the book "Chronicle of Passions and Caprices" from #NAME#
can send invoice with the data:
NIF/ VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
City and Zip code: #ADDRESS#
Countries: Portugal
Thank you so much!
no, that's all
Nice work!
likewise!
#EMAIL#
I signed up today
I am going to make the first purchase right now
Hello,
I'm trying to make the online purchase but at the processing moment the screen blocks and the purchase doesn't process
Is this a chat?
I already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, different search engines, with my laptop and on my smartphone, and even on the smartphone app
The screen always freezes
I have tried from the smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and from this #PRS_ORG# portable
the laptop is personal
and the smartphone is also personal
I have no idea what VPN is
I have already tried to make the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with a laptop and on a smartphone and even on the smartphone's app
if there's no solution it's ok
it must be a problem of #PRS_ORG# because I had never had this problem before
I have tried
I cleared cookies and whatnot.
and I tried to make the purchase again
It was locked again
they must be having a problem
in the processing
credit card
I have already tried with a #PRS_ORG# and with a #PRS_ORG#
I don't use #PRS_ORG#
considering all that I have already tried, the problem must be with #PRS_ORG#
Okay
Okay
Ok
I am trying
It is still blocked
It got stuck again
when I proceed, a series of small bars appear, moving in a circular motion.
indefinitely
how do I switch to that "anonymous mode" ?
I have never had difficulty to buy online
well... thanks for trying
Well, I tried everything but it didn't work
I think your website is having problems processing the payment
Good evening.
I will buy the audiobook from another website
I can not sync #PRS_ORG# account and #PRS_ORG#.
It always says that the password is incorrect, even if it is the same password that I used to log in at #PRS_ORG# website.
#EMAIL#
01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I get it when I try to sign in.
Sure.
I have responded to the email.
#NAME#
But this happens when I try to link the account
When I go to my account/authenticate account
It opens the login of the #PRS_ORG# account and says that this is incorreta
Just one minute
I am at the computer so the delay
I'm trying to take a screenshot.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
the option to insert the login of Cultura does not appear
when I click to link the account, the login window of #PRS_ORG# account opens
and then this error pops up
but the login that is showing the error is the one for #PRS_ORG#
already saw this error before when opening the app
Dear Sirs, my books all disappeared from my ereader, how should I proceed?
Dear sirs, all of my books disappeared from my ereader, what should I do?
I don't remember...
Another email that may have been used is:
I don't know ...
Good morning for the birth of #NAME#
It is a title: Book = Good Morning to be born
This book disappeared along with many others about more than #NUMBER# books
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yes, I bought this as a test, but I used to have more than #NUMBER# books...
Is there some other way, the #PRS_ORG# found all my books but could not transfer them, and asked me to contact you guys
All bought.
The possible emails are:
Hello, I was wondering if you could confirm that the title "Livro = Bom dia para nascer" is a title or an author of your books.
Dear Sirs, all my books disappeared from my ereader, what should I do?
#EMAIL# (I no longer have access)
Thank you...
So what now?
the last email I do not have more access.
I can LOGIN with #EMAIL# but from there on, it only shows three books, I have to login with the email that I don't have access anymore: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but what do I do when he asks for a password later on?
I have not used this email for years...
Is it possible to transfer to the account:
#EMAIL#?
OK then I'll wait.
Thank you
OK...
OK thank you so much, all the best...
Not at the moment.
Everything is okay.
Thank you very much, happy weekend.
Goodbye and all the best...
I bought two books a few days ago at the #PRS_ORG# website, but the book won't open and I get a error message: Opa!
Could not open that document.
There might be an issue with your file.
(I already synced and restarted the e-reader and it didn’t work)
Dear Support,
The Delta of Venus (I bought a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Delta de Vênus and The house of the happy budas
I did not find item 5.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would it be the log out item?
I did not find log out
Okay
I am setting up
I don't remember the password
I'll create a new one.
Then just sync?
Okay
He directed me to log in with #PRS_ORG#
Done.
Found
It's accessing #PRS_ORG#.
Does this mean that if I buy books on another website, I will need to do the same thing to read it?
Right.
If I only buy from #PRS_ORG# will I get automatic entry?
All set.
I was able to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations on your patience
Where can I make a compliment?
No.
Good evening and happy life.
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning
I am having problems accessing a book that I just bought.
In the program of #PRS_ORG# neither in the computer nor in the mobile phone is it in the library.
Good day,
It was today, 11/02/#NUMBER#
exactly
I downloaded the application of #PRS_ORG#, I have it:) #PRS_ORG# on my computer and Android on my smartphone
Okay
Ok.
the book already appears in the library
are doing the transfer
yes it seems everything is okay with the book on the Android device
Ok
I have already done this.
My books is the library, right?
I clicked on the icon but nothing showed up
I can't find any profile icon
no...
the #PRS_ORG# logo and a search window
no
I'll send an image, okay?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Ok =)
I have already installed it
and I can see that the last book is being downloaded automatically
Thank you very much for your help =)
No, that is all.
Thank you very much.
Hello, my #PRS_ORG# is not working properly, the touch screen does not work.
The touch screen is not working, hello.
one of the books I have on the #PRS_ORG# is called 10% happier
Does not react at all.
it's connecting normally, it's charging, but none of the touches work on the screen
not even connecting it to the computer makes it possible to trigger any command on the screen
right
OK
only aura
I don’t have access to wifi
ok
I can not remove the cover
Is it the back of the #PRS_ORG#?
or a specific lid?
I am trying to remove the cover at the bottom
apparently it's impossible to remove
it wasn't any clearer, it's the same message
I am trying to open the back part but it's very hard.
I don't want to force it
sure
How do I proceed to see the possibility of replacement?
it was bought on the number #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It's all right.
OK
Thank you
I can’t open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your application and it still won’t work.
It says that it's synchronizing and nothing else.
Good afternoon
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
I only have one ebook
I bought it on Friday
Introduction to Industrial Organization
Postal code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
what is the profile icon
I already did it.
The ebook is in my account.
Has always been!
I can't open it
I already did all that and it did not work.
Who can I direct a complaint to and request a refund.
A message just appeared that reads: Sync completed
And now?
How do I open the book???
It has already opened.
Very bad service!
No
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
endgame
the screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes from time to time, it's happening right now, no matter how many times I turn it off and reboot it, nothing happens
endgame
My #PRS_ORG#’s screen freezes every now and then, and it’s happening right now, no matter how much I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens.
#EMAIL#
July 9th, 2019 #NUMBER#
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
I tried connecting with the desktop application to make updates, but since the screen is locked, I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the PC
today itself.
spent the morning charging
I will try it out
I am already at the instruction part to set up.
the problem is that no matter how much I touch the screen, I can't do anything
it looks like the screen sensor is not working
So it is not responding to your touch, correct?
no arrangement possible?
Unfortunately, the #PRS_ORG# is no longer covered by warranty
It is always when it is about to end that the problems come up
and a partner, kind of #PRS_ORG#, will not get it together?
To stay the same or get worse (if that’s even possible) it’s better not to do it
The model of my #PRS_ORG# is the #PRS_ORG#, which one will be most similar to this one?
What is the discount that you mentioned?
Would there be a time limit to use the discount?
if it doesn’t bother you, I’d appreciate it
when I choose the device that I want, how do I receive the discount code?
Do I have to contact you again?
Okay.
Thank you.
likewise!
Yesterday (10/2/21) I purchased a book and, after syncing my #PRS_ORG# several times, it is not showing up on my device.
The order number is #NUMBER#.
Can you please give me instructions?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- #PHONENUMBER#)
This one above: #EMAIL#
But I have another one that is possibly in the register: #EMAIL#
Is there any missing data?
Yes, because I received an email confirming it.
Thank you
option #PRS_ORG#?
I logged out and now, when I try to enter, it appears that I must "Log in with #PRS_ORG#" - is this right?
The purchased book appeared, but several previously purchased books disappeared.
How do I access them?
They were books bought on the site of #PRS_ORG#.
But then I would need to keep alternating between the #PRS_ORG# account log-in and the #PRS_ORG# store log-in?
ok
I couldn't remember the password for my #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it - sorry about that.
When I tried to log in, the page appeared:
An account #PRS_ORG# already exists with this email address.
Linking accounts lets you access all books in My Books.
- and then an option appeared to connect by #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG#.
I did nothing for the time being
There is a “skip” option on the page.
ok
Jump?
I understand that it was supposed to jump before logging out and it ended up logging in on the #PRS_ORG# account - but I think it worked because all of the previous books and the book purchased yesterday appear.
Doubt: If I buy again at the #PRS_ORG# store, the same thing will happen (I will have to alternate login)?
Understood.
One last question: is it possible for me to only find an item in the #PRS_ORG# store and not in #PRS_ORG#?
I'm asking this because when I bought that book, in principle, I did not find it at the bookstore, only at the store #PRS_ORG#.
But now I saw it also exists in the site of the bookstore (perhaps I made a mistake when searching).
ok.
Thank you very much for your attention and kindness.
Good morning.
Hi I sent a link request to get my password and so far I've not received anything on the email
I sent a link request to recover my password and I haven't received anything yet by email.
I bought an e-book today
09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello
Yes
I forgot my password
Yes
What should I do after I login into #PRS_ORG#?
Okay.
I already achieved that.
But I have two other doubts.
Can you help me?
In fact, three.
The first doubt is if I switch my cellphone, can I install again the App of #PRS_ORG#, only with the #PRS_ORG# password?
Or will I need a #PRS_ORG# password?
The second doubt is that this email I have linked to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was instructed to create a private email for my private accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Ok for the first question.
My third question is that accidentally, I have deleted the e-book that I bought and I can't recover it anymore.
Is it still possible to recover that book?
*I removed an e-book
Second doubt: that’s why I am trying to enter the #PRS_ORG# site and since I don’t remember the password I can’t change my email.
Can you help me?
In summary I need to reset my #PRS_ORG# password in order to change my account email and try to recover a book that I removed accidentally.
To change.
I'm with the cellphone.
Is it possible to do this operation without a PC?
* without one
But I know my #PRS_ORG# password
I can do this only later.
Now I am only on my cell phone.
What time does this chat service close?
OK.
I will contact you as soon as I arrive home.
Thank you.
I am not able to make purchases with a card #PRS_ORG# that is associated with my account; I am getting an error on the server
#EMAIL#
I have not yet been able to make any purchase, giving an error on the server.
Could I have been logged out?
Nenhum, only I tried to make purchases through the card, which I couldn’t do.
The books I tried to buy are in the shopping cart.
The message, in short, is an error on the server, to try again later.
It is the message that before this contact was reported by you.
A do Error in the server in purchases with card #PRS_ORG#, to try again later.
According to your information the problem has already been resolved, which did not happen.
To do so, I would have to leave the chat, which is not advised.
I'll try
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
An error occurred and the page could not be loaded at this time.
Please try again later.
Are you still seeing this message?
Go to #URL#
I have already tried but it does not work here because I cannot upload the picture, but it is the message that I receive
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
That is the best I can do
Exactly, with the #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with the #PRS_ORG#, which I no longer use.
I only receive the message when I try to make a purchase.
I have already tried to buy the books one by one and the result was the same
Anonymous, how?
I still don't understand how to open an anonymous window
OK, what's next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, and since I am unable to do it for the moment, I would appreciate it if you could let me know if the problem is temporary or if it is only happening to me, or any other procedure I should carry out.
Thank you.
I thank you in advance for all of the availability and I hope that I will not regret being a client of #PRS_ORG#.
Thank you.
Continue your excellent work
I bought books from #PRS_ORG#, they are in my phone, but not in #PRS_ORG#, how to do it?
#EMAIL#
12TH OF FEBRUARY
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
They are 7 books: Hidden Star, Someday, Behind His Eyes, Shadows of Summer, You Remember Me, A Place in Your Heart, The Disappearance of #NAME#
E-reader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Connecting, last sync on 29 01 21
I can't get out of this screen
They entered,,, Thank you
Yes
Yes.
Thank you for your help
Perfect
No.
All right.
Have a great day.
Hello.
I have #PRS_ORG# app on my tablet, logged in #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account with #PRS_ORG#.
Every account has its own password.
I just bought an ebook on #PRS_ORG#, but I don't know how to download it on the tablet app.
#EMAIL#.
On my tablet, I only have a free sample of a book downloaded this month.
In #PRS_ORG#, I made the first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#).
OK
#PRS_ORG#
I did it.
On the main screen only the sample that I downloaded in the store of #PRS_ORG# appears.
The ebook bought in #PRS_ORG# does not show up.
Since the #PRS_ORG# account is new, perhaps the problem is the way the two accounts - the bookstore's and #PRS_ORG# - are linked.
The same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a copy in PDF.
Yes, the title is this one.
Okay, the book has been included.
Thank you.
It's all for now.
Thank you again.
Okay.
Good day.
I bought a book and deducted 4 times from my card
ok
Good evening
Good evening,
18/02/19
Good evening
is this correct?
4 transactions are shown on the bank statement
I didn't even have the chance to use the product, since the purchase was just made
I would like to cancel the purchase
please
The magic of time management
From #NAME#
I can't, because it appears on my husband's cell phone.
The bank app is not named in my cell phone
And I am accessing via the computer
I would like a cancellation of my purchase due to the insurance on the code of consumer defense for your kindness
If I change screens will that close the chat?
I'm from the legal department and I'm registering everything that is being discussed
If I switch to another window will it close the conversation?
If the conversation doesn't close, I'm going to try to send it now
Just one moment
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
5 transactions were made.
Two were cancelled and three were made
That's the most I can send
I don't have access to the bank account
I want the refund of only one charge, not of all of them.
I do not want the product, as it is my right as a client
Ok
Thank you.
Great.
Just it.
Thank you so much #NAME#!!
Likewise!
Good day,
Today I made the purchase of an e-book.
When entering my registered, in the option for purchase history, my product appears, but my product doesn't appear in my library... how do I solve??
#EMAIL#
Feb. 19 #NUMBER#
ok
if you check my library, you can see that the product does not appear
but it is on my purchase history
I am trying to read it on my computer #PRS_ORG#
the other books in my library I read normally
plus this one in particular "DOES NOT APPEAR IN MY LIBRARY"
On the internet
if it appears in the list of purchased products... then why does it not appear in my library...
#NUMBER# years old
but what does that have to do with...
ah good...
Ah yes...
just wanted to understand more
how does it appear in my purchase history here with you
is there any way that you can provide me with the Id of the product in #PRS_ORG# so I can contact the partner
Well, that's good then...
Thank you!!
yes it was, but I always buy there
not very thank you!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good day,
Dear #EMAIL#
It just starts charging and does not offer the option to connect.
Greetings,
#NAME# redemption
Yes.
I have tried on more than one computer.
Yes
Home page
4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I'm doing what you recommended.
It did not appear anything to me to connect to the computer and it is still the same...
The homepage, where there is a symbol showing it is charging
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
and it's still the same...
nothing appears
yes
and when I try to configure it it says to connect to the device when it is already on
Yes
...nd...
o, thank you very much
thank you and likewise
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night I am having problems processing the payment
Good evening, I am having issues processing payment
Good evening. I’m having problems processing the payment.
No purchases were made to date
Hello?
However, this process has already been carried out several times
It looks like the information is correct and the transaction appears as "Transaction in progress", but suddenly the loading ends and it goes back to the shopping cart
Okay.
At this moment I am trying to make the purchase again
The situation remains the same
The system assumes the transaction but returns to the shopping cart
Do the same process again?
But I did that just now
Leave it be thanks for your help but it seems nothing resolves it
Initially I was making the process in the E-Reader app, as it didn’t work I moved to the #PRS_ORG# browser in the incognito mode
And it's still the same.
I'm going to do that and try again
No.
It still doesn't work.
I cleared the cookies and cache and during the checkout I inserted the payment information again
continue to return to the shopping cart without completing the transaction
I'm doing this on #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
On the mobile device I made the attempts via the app of #PRS_ORG#
Everything OK
That's not a problem. It's just this.
I'll wait for an answer on the situation
I appreciate your attention.
#PRS_ORG# stopped answering
#EMAIL#
I don't know
the device is not turning on
turns the display light on
the screen light is on but there's no way of contacting it
Doesn't connect to the computer
it does not do manual restoration...
#PRS_ORG#
ok, but nothing happened...
I have already tried this with the device plugged into a socket and it didn’t work
Also connected to the USB of the computer... nothing happened.
I think it is this email.
#EMAIL#
it was this email, since the other one is professional and I've had it for a short time
#PRS_ORG#
Many years ago
at least 5 years
Although you click the button for a long time, it never turns the screen off completely, always showing the #PRS_ORG# logo.
It never stays black and it never shows another picture
when I let go of the button, the only thing it does is flash the light on the button, the screen lights up and... nothing happens...
It is currently connected to the USB port of the computer and I am pressing the h+ button for more than one minute and nothing happens
Okay.
How can I make the #PRS_ORG# glo synchronize/ configure with the computer?
#EMAIL#
i don't remember, it was saved, but I bought him #NUMBER#
I had to reset the #PRS_ORG#, and now it doesn't configure by computer or by WiFi
on wifi he starts and then error
In the computer it only loads
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it does not recognize the #PRS_ORG#
this
It used to work perfectly before.
Yes, I tried on all 6 ports and with an old notebook
it only charges
And I even changed the cable.
When I put it on the computer, it asks to download #PRS_ORG# desktop
just q it doesn't recognize it
I tried it now on the desktop, I even made a new account and it still asks me to plug it in, I changed the port and it still shows this error
How can I do a factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
he's not exiting from that screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
if I go back to the screen it asks me to choose the language
there is no way I can do the reset like this
ok!
so it's on this screen for configuring and it continues to give an error of network and connecting to micro only to charge
#NAME#
in #NUMBER#
worse than that, it's not here, I even tried putting the clip in the reset hole
and it is stuck at the same screen
but thanks for the help, I'll keep looking for some solution
ok! that's it
thank you
I bought the book #NAME# and did not receive it at #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
order #PHONENUMBER#-01
09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# cinnamon and clove
#NAME# cinnamon and canela
I can only see four chapters
preview
IOS
the book that appears [and PRE-VISUALIZACAO
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
The book that I downloaded to #PRS_ORG# has only four chapters, two in the first part and two in the second part.
THUS, IT IS INCOMPLETE.
Does Log Out mean 'end session'?
leave.
yes
sign out and sign back in
the Gabriela book is still incomplete
log out
log out
I am saying that sai,
I'll do it now.
May I?
I'm logging in again.
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#.
I did it with option #PRS_ORG#.
I am.
I logged in with the Livraria Cultura login and the book #NAME# still isn't available
I am checking.
It seems it worked.
Thanks.
thanks and happy times.
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#.
Order number: already #PHONENUMBER# and still I cannot read.
Only the sample is appearing, it is not releasing the whole book.
#EMAIL#
23/02/#NUMBER#
Okay.
Yes.
always access when I buy easily
but this time this book only let me read the sample and does not release all the items
#PRS_ORG#
ONLY THIS BOOK THAT I BOUGHT EARLY TODAY IS GIVING THIS PROBLEM: THE MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
ORDER #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
THERE IS ANOTHER #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Lupa da Alma, The end of alzeimer's, Nietzech today
It can be done.
But what about future purchases that I make, will it happen again?
thanks for the guidance
how do I do it
yes
I already touched it
that the book I bought is no longer available
Can I put him back in the library?
ok, I'll wait
Perfect. It worked.
Thank you very much for the attention and have a great working day
My # PRS_ORG # was reset and the purchased books (except one) disappeared as well as the PDF files.
How do I fix this?
Good Morning!
The email is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order number #PHONENUMBER#
Ok, have a great day too.
There is another email, to where the receipt of the order above has been sent: #EMAIL#
#PHONENUMBER#
Hold on a moment, please
I am a little bit confused, but it's the #PRS_ORG# that I found under "About #PRS_ORG#"
I have found
#EMAIL#
Alright: 1. How do I get out of the #PRS_ORG# account and where: in the #PRS_ORG# or in the computer?
; 2. How do I log in with a new email?
Sorry but I am not very versed in those modernities
I am connected in the WiFi, but I don't remember how I set it up, although I think the computer is easier.
I am configuring by #PRS_ORG#
Here I get to a page that says: Log in with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it is visible but clicking on it doesn’t do anything
Now I have returned.
Since the network fell, I'm not sure if you are online
Hello!
I bought some ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# site and they didn't appear on the #PRS_ORG# app.
I checked in "my books" within my account on the #PRS_ORG# and it only states the books that I had already purchased.
#EMAIL#
today, 27/2, or otherwise on 14/2
I’m afraid not.
Okay
THE SECRET OF MY TURBAN
#NAME#
or the Dutch House
that was another title
one of them, because none of the ones I purchased showed up
I received 6 in total
All the books I purchased to date were with this account, either with #PRS_ORG# or with another #PRS_ORG# (site)
yes
Yes, wait one minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
yes, of course
Sure.
That is correct
Yes.
Is that it
yes, it is this one
correct
yes
1 minute
No, that's not the one
#URL#
A moment
It just has one more that I bought right after, I will send you the sales receipt
I did receive it, thank you so much.
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Is this the correct book:
Do you know why it did not enter directly into the #PRS_ORG#?
All are available!!!!
Thank you very much!
:)
empty it?
I did not understand.
Oh, yes, I understand.
Thank you very much and have a good day!
I understand.
Thank you very much :)
Hi there, good afternoon.
I would like to receive an email to reset my login password.
My e-mail is #NAME#.
I placed the order on the website and the email didn't arrive, it's not in spam or junk.
I attempted to access the Livraria Cultura website, and it shows that there are two accounts for the same email.
I had an old book in my profile that I want to recover.
Thank you
It has been a long time since I made purchases, a long time.
The book I am looking for was written by Patrick O'oneal, if I'm not mistaken, "the surgeon's Mate"
Yes, I tried both the #PRS_ORG# access and the direct #PRS_ORG# access.
But it informs that there are two accounts with the same email.
I select the #PRS_ORG# option, in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
This message appears and does not let me go any further.
Do you have another email? Can you check if it would be possible to do it?
the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access to that account.
okay
he rejects the address, "Missing city information".
and there's no field for putting the city...
Is there any specific format?
Even if you select Brazil first.
A Christmas Carol
ok, it appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
If you could send the request to the next level so that they can check if they can do something about it with my other account, I would appreciate it.
Okay, thank you very much for your excellent customer service.
Hi, I received an email notifying me that I am going to lose my credits if I don't pay my #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I already ordered and already blocked my account because I have comorbidity and forbidden by doctor to go to the gym.
What can I do?
I await a reply
I understand that but why are you charging if my account is blocked
I received this email
Hello, I lost the chat here
Hello, furthermore, as I have comorbidity, I submitted a request to block my account.
And in the meantime I changed my card and they tried to charge and agreed to make me lose the credit
I cannot go back to the gym or exercise according to medical recommendation
I need my account to remain blocked
OK, but will a charge be made?
why can't I go to the gym
I need a blockage to be made - I can't go to indoor places
for medical reasons
Hi #NAME#,
Thank you for contacting us about this and I apologize for any frustration here.
You must have received an email on October 29th notifying you that your subscription was terminated on November 5th.
I apologize if that went unnoticed!
Given the circumstances, I have been able to place your account on an effective hold immediately for this cycle, and issue a refund for the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of £189 has been refunded to your payment method on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method may take a longer time to process.
However, you should see that money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thank you for your patience!
As your cycle date is the 5th of each month, I have also put your account on hold for your next cycle starting on December 5th.
Your membership will renew again on January 5th #NUMBER# in the 30 credits for R$189/month plan.
You can make changes to your account at any time directly through your Account Settings.
I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any further questions.
Sincerely,
#NAME#.
this email I received when I explained my situation
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Hello #NAME#, good evening
I took a zumba class at 19h30 today at gym #PRS_ORG# but the credits were not charged to the gym.
The class is counted as cancelled.
Please, could you charge the credits from my account to the gym?
When did this change?
Why on tuesday the same thing happened and they regularized it via #PRS_ORG#
But the reservation was cancelled at the time of the class.
That probably happened because the manager did not send the link before, but I am already part of the group on #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened 2x and everything went right through the chat.
The school is in a different country than mine, I can not make the financial transfer for the school.
Could someone help me?
Hello, are you okay?
Could you help me?
Could you help me?
another question: if I dont like and cancel it before 14 days free, it wont be recharged on my credit card, right?
hello
I am up to review
could you transfer to a brazilian attendant?
Could I speak to someone in Portuguese, please?
hahaha
But I want to choose another rate / value.... to less credits
I know there is a smaller plan which costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Portuguese
helloaaa
just appear an option
For 15 credits
correct
#NAME#, Brazil.
I need help.
Is it that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on my login appers 14 days free
#NAME#, you’ve been here for a while now and I can’t get it right...rs
I wanted to reactivate my plan
but automatically it's set to #NUMBER#
and I wanted to reactivate it for #NUMBER# 15 credits
could you help me?
another question:
Do I have right to the benefit of 14 free days?
in my login it appears
I can't change the cycle
do you understand?
is filled in automatically by #NUMBER#
yes it can
a minute
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
here it is
thank you
Hi, how are you?
Will I only be able to see values if I reactivate my subscription?
Hello sorry.
May we return to the chat?
Hello #NAME#.
How are you doing?
I would like to review all the plans of #PRS_ORG# x values.
but I can't find it on the website...
do I need to sign up for the trial for a few days in order to have access to this information?
okay.
Thank you so much!
put
I was not able to solve my doubt yet
can you help me?
I would like to reactivate
my account at this moment
but only the automatic renewal of 30 credits is counted...
I would like 15
can you see for me how many credits a customization of a gym enters for registering?
For me to get an idea of how much I should sign up?
The studio I am referring to is #PRS_ORG#.
can you see?
thank you very much
it would be a massage session in the gym #PRS_ORG# located at Campo Belo.
our
all of that.
lol
and for me to change the automatic renewal of my subscription.
I saw that I could have 14 days free and 10 credits...
Can I cancel until when to avoid charges?
how many days before I can cancel to not be charged?
hi!
I would like to make a break in my plan.
could you please help?
hi
I would like to take a pause on my subscription
I have 25 credits to spend still
but I don’t want to renew my cycle yet
It is possible to use these credits even with the subscription pause, right?
Excellent!
and I will not be billed during this time period will I?
It's possible!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits I have?
I understood.
can I take a break for R$25, right?
I do not want to be charged the R$#NUMBER# from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to use
So I would like to know the best option so I can use these credits and then cancel the account
I am on this page
but the only other option is one for R$35.00
the other person who was answering me sent me the following msg
Now that the government restrictions have been lifted and billing has restarted, we are no longer offering the free, 1-month pause plan as a plan change option in your Membership Settings.
However, you can continue to pause your membership under our "0’credits access + digital" / "digital + credits access" monthly membership plan 0 for R$25 #NUMBER# month.
Can you change it for me so that I am only charged 25.00, please?
I understand!
And they keep charging me the 25.00 until I cancel the subscription, right?
ok!
If I make this change today, they won't charge #NUMBER# but 25.00, right?
that’s great
Thank you!
no, that was it!
You too!
I would like to know about the plans
Hello,
I noticed that I am being charged on my credit card.
I have never used it, I would like to cancel it and be refunded for the months I was unjustly charged.
hi #NAME#!
I want you to cancel immediately the charge in my credit card.
I want to be refunded for the months that I was unjustly charged
I am going to sue you
no.
I downloaded the app, did not use it and canceled it
you've been charging me inappropriately
without my authorization
I don't want credits.
I want you to stop charging
and I want my money back
was wrongly charged
neither the app, I had it no longer
I cancelled my account before I even used it
I never used any class.
I am unhappy, I want to cancel and I want back the money that was cobbled from me unfairly.
Yes.
Thanks
Who am I speaking to?
#NAME#
in addition to the prints of this conversation, I would like to register the agreement by email.
A week, right?
on February 1st, #NUMBER#, you will make the refund, right?
I already have the copy.
I want an email from you telling what we agreed upon here.
#EMAIL#
saying that they canceled and that they will reimburse
Do you have my account?
ok, thank you very much!
hello!
it doesn't help with anything else, I'll save the email and receipts.
thank you
Good morning to you too!
Hello, night owl.
how to cancel?
Hello #NAME#!
Good evening
Do you speak Portuguese?
Any contact phone number?
I wish to hire and have some doubts
Do you offer a personal plan?
Create an individual account (persona fisica)
Any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - Rio de Janeiro - Brazil?
Not found on the site
That is not in my state.
Hundreds of miles away.
what a pity
Niterói
I'm in Brazil.
It seems there is not one, but thank you so much for your attention
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving some undue charges on my credit card
The charge is coming to the #PRS_ORG# credit card.
#PHONENUMBER#
Email: #EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
there is only this one email
The charge was made on the card #NUMBER#, as shown in the photos
That card has been canceled but it still comes up with a charge
Which email did we send to?
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving incorrect charges on the credit card
The charge is coming in the #PRS_ORG# credit card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of the card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous attendant informed me that this email is related to the phone number, right?
But that is not taken into account with you.
Okay, please process the cancellation and reimbursement
Provide a refund process*
Just wait then?
Okay, will the money go straight into the bank account?
Since the card has been cancelled.
But if the card was cancelled, how will the refund be made?
Shall I check this issue with your card administrator?
Okay, thank you
For now, that's it, thank you very much.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the trial phase
I am fine
Good morning, #PRS_ORG# charged me after the experience period.
OK
Option 3
I tried to cancel via the app but it’s giving me an error
Are those #NUMBER# on my bill going to be refunded?
How do I change my plan just to the #NUMBER# reais one?
I would like to cancel #NUMBER# reais, and only use 99 reais
It is giving an error
Do you have any phone number that works to contact you?
Still not
I just want to change my plan and receive a  R$189 refund for unused credits from my latest paid billing cycle.
Ok
If I choose the 99/month plan, can I buy single credits?
If someone misses a class
Ok
Put me on the lowest plan (99/month) and reimburse in part the charge that was launched on the card statement
I've been to a gym that my name didn't go into the system.
I made a request for this
Do you know if this matter has been solved?
My Yoga - #NAME#
Ok
I will contact the studio
Thank you.
Good morning
We need budget for benefits to our clients.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG#, is it possible to arrange a meeting to discuss the matter
Good morning,
we have a telephonic singing
How can we schedule a meeting
good morning #NAME#
I need a budget or to schedule a meeting for our clients’ benefits
