Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Going well thanks and you?
Nice to hear, I have a problem with ultimate team I was playing my fut draft and just won my 2 match.
I was happy and at the end of the match I got a PRS-ORG error that kicked me out.
Now I click on ultimate team again and see that I have been automatically kicked out, which I am very upset about.
Now I can't even
on the ultimate team which I don't understand
Sorry to bother you but
This is the only thing that came up for me
The email is EMAIL and my PSN ID is faycal-brahim.
Thank you for your help
Okay thank you for this information I had no idea about it at all.
But what about then
Me
compensation for losing my draft
NAME-M thanks you for all the effort you have done
I wish you continued success in your work and much happiness going forward.
Same 👍🏼
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. May I ask your first name?
I have a PRS-ORG account with an email address that I no longer have access to.
I used the account to play PRS-ORG.
So now it is impossible for me to log in to my PRS-ORG account.
I don't know how that email address was spelled exactly.
If I'm not mistaken it was EMAIL
Again, I don't remember the exact spelling of the email address. If I'm not mistaken, it was EMAIL
The account is linked to my Playstation account, I still have access to that.
That account is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hey NAME-M, my name is NAME-N
Can you help me further?
I've had a problem with my transfer market on the web app since last night
I can't buy any players anymore...
I can still do it on the game itself but not on the web app anymore...
Exactly, I can still access it and search for players
But as soon as I try to buy one it gives me this message
Dutch: URL
Sure, EMAIL
Oh okay!
Nice to hear
Do you guys have any idea how long it would take before I can buy players again?
Because I still have a few SBCs that I would like to complete :D
I certainly understand that, I will try again later!
That was it for the rest :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I updated my PRS-ORG today and since then I can't start the game
I had this problem before
but then I fixed it with uninstalling PRS-ORG anticheat
and then reinstall
but I've been trying to fix it since this morning but it's not working
Yes
The game doesn't start.
Other games still work such as bf etc.
but only with PRS-ORG I get this error
Ok, gladly.
Ok I will try it and let me know if it doesn't work.
Thank you
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you.
PSN ID - NAME-N
No idea what that email address is
The original?
I'm not sure
So I say multiple times
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
Well look
I just want to play PRS-ORG on this account.
I am sure the details were correct.
But I just bought PRS-ORG for nothing now
So help how can I solve this?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. What is your first name, if I may ask?
I unfortunately did not receive my order
I bought PRS-ORG points online via my phone.
But unfortunately not credited
Correct
Not very long ago
I think it's around 10 or 15.
Great!
Then I will wait a bit.... I am not used to it taking longer either😄
Great!
I know that.
Sorry for wasting your time for now.
Have a nice evening!
And hopefully not until next time😜
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. May I ask your first name?
Yes, not good with me.
I have been waiting for almost 1 week from you !!!!!!
When will I get my top players and 1 million coins back?
And back accessible with transfers.
I'm not going to wait days again now!
Do it now
Done?
Always the same stories pfff
I am deaf and bored at home because of PRS-ORG and I want to enjoy playing PRS-ORG!
Okay
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-F. What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have 2 problems and 1 question.
Firstly, there seems to be a glitch on the transfer market.
Items that should normally 'expire' are stuck on 'processing' and therefore do not expire and I cannot put them up for sale again.
Also, the problem has been dragging on for 3 weeks that I can only offer 30 items at a time on the transfer market on the web app and on the PRS_ORG app
Also I was wondering if there would be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins since this was a mistake and everyone who was able to buy it got a lot of coins for free.
The first problem is solved.
Looks like a glitch of a quarter of an hour!
Thank you!
My email address is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you
Another question
Will there be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins?
As this was a mistake and everyone who could buy it got a lot of coins for free.
Alright, thanks for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. May I ask your first name?
Good but I have a problem
On January 15th, someone had probably hacked into my account, I didn't even know it, he had sold my cards
In PRS-ORG
Is it possible that I get my cards back
Is that possible?
Yes, someone hacked into my PRS-ORG account and sold my cards.
Someone got into my account and sold my players
Is it possible to get my PRS-ORG cards back on 15 January?
EMAIL and online id is ALPHANUMERICID
ALPHANUMERICID
Yes, can I get my cards back?
A HACKER DELETED MY CARDS I WANT MY CARDS BACK!
It's not incorrect
That person also hacked my email
I want my cards back
I can send photos
I WANT MY CARDS BACK
I had 87 carlos alberto 88 maldini 91 kroos stoickov
And more
Your cancer mother
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my account
Yes of course
I played PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG PC last year, now I play PRS-ORG on PlayStation again but both accounts are on 1 email.
Now I'm trying to log in to the web app, and I can't switch accounts, from PC to PS4
The option is there to switch from PC PRS-ORG to PlayStation PRS-ORG
But it's not doing that.
And when I try to do that, it gets stuck and logs me out
Um, yes, I'm well thanks, and how about you?
Do I need to answer anything else or?
So I can only play on the web app tonight?
Because the web app is down tonight, or can I only do that on the 27th?
Or October 1st?
By that I mean I can log into the web app tonight with my PlayStation account instead of the PRS-ORG account
ebook
The PRS-ORG on Thursday 5 August
This ebook is now gone from my account
Okay, thank you.
I don't see an archive section with my books.
Yes, I can see the missing book now, but I can't find the archive section myself.
For when it happens again
I found it!
Thank you for your help.
Thank you, you too have a very nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a new phone number
I can't confirm the verification code
To log in to the PRS-ORG web app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
Yes, that's EMAIL but because I haven't been a student for a while, I can't access that email address...
I tried it last week but the chat crashed.
And was the queue quite long?
That's why I'm trying again now
I would especially like to change my mobile number
But I don't know how easy that can be
Yes, I understand.
Date of birth 29
Billing address: ADDRESS
Phone number: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good evening, NAME-M here
Sure!
I hope you are doing well too.I have a question about the PRS-ORG, as far as I know I still have to go every day, sbc no. 6 is coming up and then I still need one more.
However, the goal ends tomorrow so I would be short one.
My son has the same problem with his account.
or is there still just enough time to do the last one tomorrow?
Yes, that's right, with the corresponding shapeshifters challenge
EMAIL
And EMAIL
That my son uses
Yes of course, I will wait patiently!
I looked on answers.PRS-ORG, there they gave the tip to report it here, indeed, then it could be looked at whether we might have missed a sbc or whether there is indeed a mistake in the content
Oh great!
Yes, I had read that more people have this issue, but I thought I would still report it for safety's sake.
A free PRS-ORG and a shapeshifter are great rewards!
No, that was all. Thank you for your time and your explanation!
I will wait and keep an eye on answers.PRS-ORG and your Twitter account.
Thank you and have a nice evening!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I disconnected my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG a while ago.
My account says it's disconnected from PRS-ORG.
I would like to link another account to my PRS-ORG.
I followed the steps I found.
Only I don't get the opportunity to link a new account.
I contacted PRS-ORG, but they redirected me here.
The account that is linked has the email address EMAIL
No, that's the account that PRS-ORG says is linked.
I would like to link it to EMAIL
I'm unfortunately not at home right now, so I can't start a game, but I'll definitely try it when I'm at home.
Thanks for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-F. What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes, of course.
I just made 2 purchases for PRS-ORG packages.
It did go from the bank account, but I'm not getting a confirmation.
Yes.
I want to buy more, but I'm not daring to now
That's EMAIL (it's my game email)
And I just did the pre order for growing together and the kit of first fits
Good evening,
Last month I took out a trial subscription to PRS-ORG (both books and audio books) and this was also extended to 31.
Now I realized that I didn't purchase any audiobooks and just wanted to get the subscription for books.
I have therefore just cancelled my previous subscription as of 30 June and taken out a new subscription.
The problem is that I have now paid twice.
How can this be solved?
Last month I took out a trial subscription to PRS-ORG (both books and audiobooks) and this was also renewed per 31.
Goedenavond,
Thank you for the message.
My email address is EMAIL.
The last book I bought is PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
I'm fine with my credit card.
Do I need to convert my subscription after June 30 or has that already happened?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi I'm NAME-M
I have spoken to someone from PRS-ORG before because I lost my account.
He said there was nothing else to be done but I saw someone on the internet who said it might be possible to try to disconnect your account, could you do this?
Yes I would appreciate it if you could still try to find it
But I wouldn't know as someone else also said that it's gone (my account)
By the way, it might be useful to know that I lost my account because I wanted to link it to PRS-ORG
But my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Well, I was hacked a while ago, someone logged into my PRS-ORG web app and sold all my items.
And I'm not sure to say what else he did, furthermore.
But I wasn't, at least.
But now I'm banned for something he did.
That's not really fair, is it?
Yes, as I can see your account has been compromised and the players are missing, right?
but I could live with that...
Until I suddenly got banned even though I don't know what I did
That's EMAIL
Thanks for the effort!
That would be really helpful, thank you for the effort!
And I understand that my account is my responsibility.
But a ban for 1000 days is a bit excessive.
I will wait for the answer.
Thank you and have a nice weekend!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I've been playing command and conuer on my pc for years now and then, I once bought it, however PRS-ORG now says I don't have it anymore.
It doesn't start up because of this.
However, I can't find that code anywhere.
Correct, I haven't been able to play since last week.
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID I'm starting to doubt if it was linked to my other email now
I'll try that right now.
This is really really stupid, it was linked to my other email address....
it works again :)
My credit card is not stored again.
I had this problem last month and I already chatted about it.
Can this be solved properly? I don't want to have to report this every month...
My credit card is not saved again. This problem I had last month, and I already chatted about it. Can this be solved? I don't want to have to report this every month...
PRS-ORG is most recent ebook
My problem is in the first message...
My credit card has expired and I have already registered the new one many times, but every time the old one is reset.
I don't want to get the message every month that my account is not being renewed and every month to add my credit card again.
Yes, I did that at the time.
Payment for April was successful then.
now payment for may has failed again
This is strange.
that number has remained the same
so that's the number the new card appeared with
Yes, please.
I'll do it one more time.
How can I escalate if it happens again next month?
I will do it on a different pc
I'm going to handle this myself.
Thank you, hopefully it will work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I'm blocked from the transfer market.
but I haven't done anything wrong
I have already contacted you 3 times but it has been rejected 3 times.
If you tell me how I can prove it I would do that.
EMAIL
I think it's because I put players on it.
And suddenly they were sold for more than they were worth.
but I can't do anything about people rating these negatively
As I understand, you are facing a ban in your transfer market.
I know this is against PRS-ORG rules.
I would never do this.
As you can see in my account, I have had an account for a long time and have never done anything wrong.
Therefore, I would like to open a dispute for the 4th time.
I really hope this gets resolved.
Thank you, that was all.
Could you please let me know that they are looking at it very carefully?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-F. What is your first name, if I may ask?
I keep getting an error message when installing.
The anticheat keeps freezing
I can send you a picture of the error message if you want.
EMAIL
NAME-M, are you still there?
PRS-ORG ID: PRS-ORG
I play on PC
Error message: An error occurred in PRS-ORG Service.
Restart the game URL
The game ALPHANUMERICID has not been played yet
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. May I ask your first name?
I'm playing all the episodes.
and afterwards a video of someone else playing it.
And I noticed that they could change their sidearm.
For example, from a police baton to a folding version.
But for me, that option has completely disappeared.
If I remember correctly it is EMAIL.
It's been a while since I created this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my first name is NAME-M
I have a question about the PRS-ORG packages.
I understand you have to be lucky.
And that I have to be lucky with all the packages of e.g.
I understand that with the 84+ package, you really get an 84 plus standard.
I also understand that with the icon that I have bad luck to get 86 Ballack.
But when I do the hero SBC 2 times in a row and then get Campos 2 times in a row, I think this goes too far.
Just like I mentioned before, I understand that with the 81+, 83+ and 85+ packs, I will actually get the exact same rating as luck would have it
But 2x a hero SBC in a row and then also 2x the same player NAME-M
I'm not happy about the probability, but I do understand.
But like I just said, I'm not happy with the pack probability.
I find that to be quite extreme
That's all I need to know and also that it was the last penny I was going to put in.
Because I find this too ridiculous for words.
I'm not complaining about the extremely bad packs I get.
But I do when you get the exact same hero SBC 2x in a row and also the exact same player, NAME-M.
Unfortunately, it seems that nothing will be done about it, but it is clear how PRS-ORG treats its customers.
As I already mentioned, the probabilities are known, but what I just mentioned is something that I personally find to be going too far, given what you have to invest in it.
But I know enough, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
My name is NAME-N.
Yesterday I tried to play PRS-ORG for the first time on my new mac, and it didn't work.
I had removed all the expansion packs, and all the custom content, and it still didn't work.
Today it is working again.
Is there a problem with macbooks with Os ventura?
At PRS-ORG
Today, however, it is the first time that I managed to start PRS-ORG.
However, I am concerned if it will continue to work.
Through PRS-ORG
Yes, an unknown error is displayed.
Okay, thanks.
I'm going to try that
I want to top up my balance with PRS-ORG.
When I go to my account/payment settings, I can only enter a credit card.
When I go to my account/payment settings, I can only enter a credit card.
Oops… no idea
Okay.
Address, please.
I have a subscription with PRS-ORG for free PRS-ORG.
Sometimes I want to buy a book.
Then I need an amount via PRS-ORG
I've done this before, so I know it's possible.
But I can't find it now
Thanks.
But I put 25 euros on my PRS-ORG account which I could use to buy books.
This is almost gone, so I want to put another 25 euros on it
Yes, that's right.
No gift card, but I had set it up via PRS-ORG
I will continue to search.
I hope you know it now.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
I contacted you about the expansion packs over half a year ago.
these are not visible in the PRS-ORG. I was told at the time that there was a bug in my game and they would work on it.
Some time has passed and I still can't do anything with the expansion packs.
Now I am wondering how it stands and how long this can go on for
EMAIL
I have executed the clear cache.
The app now gives multiple error messages when I try to open it.
I am now busy with restarting the app
I closed the app via task manager.
it has now restarted
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-F, I bought PRS-ORG through my Playstation 5 and then downloaded PRS-ORG for free through PRS-ORG.
Now when I go to play PRS-ORG, after a while, I get the message that the session will expire in 15 minutes and the game closes?
I bought the subscription via my playstation account.
The email for that is EMAIL
Of course
Or did I misunderstand and PRS-ORG is not included for free with PRS-ORG?
Oh okay, I get it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
Except for the balls from yesterday, I am doing well.
I found out yesterday that I was hacked on PRS-ORG, which caused me to lose all my tradable players and items in the Ultimate Team.
I called about this last night and I believe a case #PHONENUMBER was created for this issue.
I was wondering if there has been any update on this and how long it usually takes to resolve something like this.
856425
Okay thank you.
At least I know that everything has been passed on etc.
Will it be checked if something from a backup from 24 hours ago can be made
okay clear, then I will wait for it.
Thank you NAME-M and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG
I'm doing well, thank you.
and how are you?
I just spoke to a colleague of yours about the fact that I didn't receive my PRS-ORG points but the amount was debited from my account.
endstand had to attach a screenshot via the laptop
I did that and now I wanted to know if I get my money back or my PRS-ORG points
My day was nice and relaxing, by the way.
thank you
I bought it literally an hour ago.
Sure?
Sure.
I'll keep playing all night now, because I still have to qualify for the weekend league haha.
Have a nice evening and good night.
PRS-ORG is love haha.
Alright, I'll wait then.
Thanks for the information and have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
Since the new level cap of PRS-ORG I have not received any loot boxes.
I get the notification that I have received a loot box.
I can't open it because the tab is not there.
Yes there are only a few, but I would still like to have them hahah
Sorry yes
Yes, I had tried that.
ah ok thank you
so there's not much to be done]
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-N. What is your first name, if I may ask?
draft lost because the opponent left the match
I've had this 3 times this week now
I have also indicated this through the chat every time.
I also eat that you acknowledge this problem.
Yes draft match.
the third time already
This has cost me about 10 eur
And?
I can't get my draft token back if the opponent does the glitch, and you know that!
So, that solution won't work.
I don't understand why you don't just give me a draft token.
Can you see how long I have been logged in today on PRS-ORG?
Can you see how long I've been logged in today on PRS-ORG and when I log out?
Then you can see that it can never be my fault if I stayed online?
If I can prove that I stayed online, will I get my tokens back?
I can just prove that.
When will I receive an email?
I've been waiting for a week.
This is the third time already
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M.
I would like to cancel my membership of PRS-ORG!
That's absolutely correct
But I can't do it through the website.
Because then it says 'you are not a member of PRS-ORG'.
But money is being deducted every month!
EMAIL
okay thank you for the help
But aren't you responsible for PRS-ORG charges?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M, and I have contacted PRS-ORG Help before about verification emails not coming through.
I have now created an alternative email address as requested by you.
yes, I'm doing well
That's absolutely right, and I also can't see where the problem is
It seems like those mails are bouncers and go back immediately
That's why you asked me to try with a Gmail account
EMAIL
and EMAIL should be added there as a test
ALPHANUMERICID
I get those, but I don't get anything that is automatically generated
EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked
I have already opened several cases, but nobody can help me.
I just reset my security as recommended by your colleague
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked.
I have already opened several cases, but nobody can help me.
I just reset my security settings on your colleague's advice.
EMAIL
I just got this info from your colleague, but I'm doing it again.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
This is the new code
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well, and I hope the same is true for you.
I have a question about restoring quick sales from PRS_ORG app
I think something is not right here?
I had 0 repairs for a while and was waiting for it to renew so I could get 5 extra repairs, but unfortunately I just saw that only 1 was added and I already used it.
And now I have to wait for ALPHANUMERICID again for new 5?
In principle, I only got 1 which should have been 5, I don't quite understand that...
Is it possible to fix that?
I think today?
I don't know the exact time, yesterday there were still 10 hours left, I assume today?
It now says ALPHANUMERICID and 22 hours left?
Okay, fine, I will do.
Thank you for your time.
Thanks, I don't have any other problems luckily :)
Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M. May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M, I have a problem with logging into PRS-ORG.
my password is incorrect and when requesting a new password I don't get an email
checked all folders
I also tried a few days ago, and I didn't receive anything then either.
I just received an email from customer experience, so my address is correct.
EMAIL
Thanks.
Yes, password reset successful.
I'm in.
Thanks for the support!
No thanks.
That was it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I have a problem with my PRS-ORG game recently
My little brother (14) used my account and now my account is banned out of my control
from PRS-ORG fut transfermarkt.
I recently found out about this and I wonder what we are going to do about it.
I want to change my password now.
My PSN password was recently changed allowing him to access my account.
you can check this if possible
Indeed
I saw that you have a live chat so I was wondering if you could help me with this
Yes, EMAIL
I changed my password about 3 weeks ago, not knowing that he would misuse it.
I don't want to call it abuse, but yes, he did do this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
That's good.
you also provide all the details, right?
Yes, did you include the details I mentioned?
because that's leading to this story
Okay, thank you.
I bought a book about half an hour ago in your app, but the book is still not in my ebooks.
EMAIL I bought a book about half an hour ago in your app, but the book is still not in my ebooks.
i bought that ebook today
Tuesday, February 23
The money has indeed already been debited.
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 14:36 CREDITCARD
I can see it.
Thank you very much!
I get quite confusing emails, on the one hand the debit (rightly) of my monthly amount and on the other hand the message that my payment is not completed.
Is this last one spam or how does this work?
I am getting rather confusing emails, on the one hand the debit (correctly) of my monthly amount and on the other hand the message that my payment has not been completed.
I am currently reading PRS-ORG
ALPHANUMERICID 91D; Just to be clear, you are chatting with the husband of PRS-ORG right now, hope this is not a problem.
I handle all the administration for us and I was surprised by the subsequent emails.
NAME-N herself mostly reads (with great pleasure ☺
Yes, these are two emails from last Thursday, January 28th, at 1:16 PM.
The strange thing is that the subscription ran smoothly for a long time, but suddenly there was a request for payment recovery in December.
By the way, the debit did take place.
My daughter recently restarted the sign-up process.
Again, we would like to keep the subscription (and preferably without any issues ☺)
The subscription has existed since approx.
May 2020
At this moment, it is working well!
On January 28th, a €9.99 debit was also normally made.
The important thing is that it is working, so this is a satisfactory answer for now.
If anything happens, we will contact you.
Thank you for your time and answer for now!
Best regards, NAME-M
No, that's fine!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-N. What is your first name, if I may ask?
May I ask in Dutch or would you prefer English?
This morning around noon the trophy titan cup reset the clock to 12 o'clock.
I still have to play some matches to reach 10.
I'm coming home from work earlier today because it needs to be played before 7pm.
Now it turns out it hasn't reset.. can you change that?
I understand.
Only unfortunate that I will miss two packages (again) due to a server error, which contain PRS-ORG+ rating players. I pay for a game to work and this is very unfortunate.
Is there a possibility to still deliver these packages?
Now I understand that this explanation would work against a 18 year old child.
I myself am a bit older and know well enough that all of this is possible.
It has happened before.
When there is missing content, this is also placed back on accounts.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, I just claimed my division rivals.
I wanted to untrade everything.
But my game crashed and I could only press A on option 3.
I now have the coins and a few packs.
(Unopened) can you take this away and convert it to option 2 untradeble rewards?
You can transfer them, I haven't spent anything or opened them.
I wanted to get everything untradeble.
Are you there?
No, I got option 3, 3 packs with coins.
But I wanted option 2 everything untradeble and more packs.
Option 2 is everything untradeable and more packs, that's what I wanted.
I got option 3.
Munten + 3 packs.
I wanted option 2 with everything untradeable without coins but more packages.
No, I got option 3 and wanted option 2!😃
I want option 2
The game chose option 3 but I wanted option 2!
Everything non-tradeable and most packs.
You can change it.
It is unopened.
I played the whole week for option 2!
I didn't claim anything!
The packs are unopened.
The solution lies on your end.
You are making a mistake!
I have nothing to do with this
Thanks for nothing!
You are lying, I know how many times PRS-ORG changed packs because of bugs I know that from before
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
I'm running low on battery, so I'd actually like to get to the point if I can.
Last week there were high discounts on expansion packs of the PRS-ORG game.
I already have the game itself via my account, when I tried to log in to make purchases, I got the message several times that logging in was "currently" not possible.
I still can't log into my account, and the sale is now over.
That's why I was wondering if there is a possibility to still benefit from the sale, since I'm not going to pay €40 for a game expansion.
I wanted to add the “PRS-ORG” and “PRS-ORG” expansions to my game, as a surprise for my younger sisters.
Thank you!
Okay, that's unfortunate
I don't have time for that right now, so I will ask for that another time.
Thanks in any case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My first name is NAME-M and I am having trouble resetting my password
I don't receive the email.
The email is EMAIL and I forgot my PRS-ORG ID because it's been a while.
I think it was ALPHANUMERICID or something similar to NAME-N
The code is DEVICEID
Sorry, I just received the email. 282732
No, thank you very much for the help.
I just find it strange that I didn't receive the emails to reset my password.
Have a good evening.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
My name is NAME-M
It's going well, thank you!
I have a question, in the career mode, are there more customization options than in pro clubs.
Are these parts ever added to pro clubs?
Sure!
and thank you.
That is EMAIL
Ah, okay!
Clear!
Thanks and please take my feedback into account.
Thank you very much :)
Thanks, and no that was my only question!
Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My first name is NAME-M
I have a question about PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG account
I want to claim the offer
However, the PRS-ORG account is not linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
I play PRS-ORG
I want to make the connection but it doesn't work.
I just have a PRS-ORG account
I've been trying to solve this for half a day now, but I'm not getting any wiser.
Just did it
Yes, it works
Thank you very much!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
With me, almost everything is going well, only the following: A few years ago (2014), I created a PRS-ORG account.
My email address that was used to create the PRS-ORG account EMAIL no longer exists.
How do I get access to my account now?
I still have the passwords, but I think they have expired.
Thank you!
That is no longer possible, the email address no longer exists.
Is there no other way I can identify myself?
After all, it's a lot of money.. I even bought a hardcopy of PRS-ORG for example!
I can't do anything with it now...
I even have the passwords.
I am sure they are correct.
I don't know if there is an sms verification option, but my phone number is still the same.
Is there a phone number I can call?
Or can you call me?
Or mean something for me?
Maybe I can transfer the games to a new account?
Is there anything that you can do to help?
I really find it extremely unfortunate that hundreds of euros are just gone.
And there is nothing to be done about it.
While I can fully identify myself, except for that email address
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
hi my name is NAME-M
I have already been in touch with some of your colleagues today,
I have two PRS-ORG accounts
One of which is linked to an old email address
I would like to link a new email address to one of my PRS-ORG accounts because the old one no longer exists
I just finally got into my account
this account is NAME-N
which is linked to the email address EMAIL
My PS ID is NAME-N
Yes, great!
I have another PRS-ORG account that is linked to my email address EMAIL
I don't know if I can link everything to it?
EMAIL
Ok, please send it to this email address.
Then I can finally play my PRS-ORG fut team on mobile
thnx I'm going to do it right away
Thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-N.
I also contacted you yesterday regarding this problem.
I moved to the Netherlands half a year ago.
as a belgian player I could never buy PRS-ORG points but that is all in the past now.
I changed my location on PRS-ORG but I still can't buy any points.
creating another account is possible but I would lose my progress with my 'main account'.
Can you help me further?
Yes, that's correct.
It is set to Amsterdam.
I already cleared my cache as they advised me yesterday but that doesn't work either.
This is already an
changed but it doesn't work
okay thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem, I purchased PRS-ORG ultimate edition, only I never received the PRS-ORG points
Great, thank you in advance
EMAIL
Yes I know it very sure
Because if I go to the playstore, I can still buy the standard edition
But I can no longer buy the ultimate edition, it was bought
I also have a confirmation that I bought the ultimate edition
That's fine, can it be done through PRS-ORG or do I need to do it through the internet?
Thank you for your help, have a great day further!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-F
No problem!
I just contacted your colleague about my problem.
I added PRS-ORG Expansion Pack earlier today in my PRS-ORG account.
I can't see the download button.
Your colleague came up with this link URL himself.
I've gone through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Yes, my email address is EMAIL
Via URL
Yes, I do!
The code is ALPHANUMERICID
Okay, then I'll wait and see.
Thank you for the help!
No, I'm sufficiently helped.
Thank you!
My email address: EMAIL
Android
Here is my question: it is about payment options for my subscription and for new books
My question is: it's about payment options for my subscription and for new books.
Can I pay with PRS-ORG in the meantime?
And if so, how does it work?
I don't see an option for that on URL.
Last book read: PRS-ORG
Both
That option is not given on my e-reader
And where can I find the checkout page?
....or can that not be done on the e-reader itself?
Do you mean that it should be possible from the e-reader?
Okay.
And if I want to order a new book on the site and pay with PRS-ORG?
ebook
EMAIL
PRS-ORG is now in my ebooks bieb but I can't open it.
Furthermore, there are PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG in my ebooks bieb but I can't open them.
I just downloaded PRS-ORG via URL for PRS-ORG (have a subscription) on the e-reader but when I open it, I get the message Oops, this document cannot be opened.
No idea why it won't, hence asking you guys.
On URL?
I have just signed out from URL on my laptop.
Do I have to do that in the app on my mobile?
Done
I still can't open it.
I get the same message.
I've gone through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Hi, I have solved it in the meantime.
The e-reader belongs to my son and it was on his PRS-ORG account while the payment for PRS-ORG went through my URL account.
Apparently I can't send books to his e-reader under my account via PRS-ORG?
Because now that I'm logged in with my details on his e-reader (I first signed out my son) I can read the book.
Thank you for your help in any case.
Hello, I haven't used my PRS-ORG reader for a while.
Now I have a problem with charging the PRS-ORG reader.
I have tried different USB cables, both on the computers and on a power outlet with USB ports and with a plug.
I have reset it to factory settings and synced it, but it won't charge anymore.
Other than that, it still functions properly.
Do you have any last resort for me?
Thanks in advance.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
The Wild Silence via URL
Where can I find the serial number?
I am from the Netherlands
I can't read it, hence the photo
and PRS-ORG by NAME-F
ebook
NAME-F PRS-ORG
I came to the PRS-ORG site and bought these two books with my URL account
I thought I would receive downloads by email but that is not the case.
I have a PRS-ORG but don't know my account details anymore
so now I have nothing from my purchases.
Can I get both downloads so I can install them on my PRS-ORG?
my PRS-ORG account is on EMAIL.
probably my PRS-ORG account on EMAIL
ah ok I didn't know that, it's great if you want to put these two books on the other account.
But which accounts do I have then?
When I look at my PRS-ORG reader, I see EMAIL next to the account.
Great, that's really helpful
I just don't understand how this went wrong and how I should arrange it next time :)
Yeah they are on it :)
Thank you
Is the other account EMAIL?
Are there books under that?
Ok, then I'll do that, but when I ordered, I was asked to log in with my URL account?
That's where I think it went wrong.
If I press 'Repair now', will all my 1000 books that are on it not be deleted?
you mean that all the books that are on it will stay on it.
Also the ones that were not bought through PRS-ORG?
I think it worked.
thank you for your help
Hi, my subscription has not been debited, while my credit card details have not changed and I have not changed anything.
I just (after receiving a second email about this) updated the details.
Can you look into why my subscription was not collected?
And whether the details are correct?
Thank you in advance
Hi, my subscription has not been debited, while my credit card details have not changed and I have not changed anything. I have just (after receiving a second email about this) updated the details. Can you please check why my subscription has not been debited and if the details are correct now? Thank you in advance.
PRS-ORG
Author NAME-F
Yes that's fine
I just changed the credit card information just to be sure.
Thank you
So if everything goes well, my subscription won't be canceled in three days?
That's nice to hear.
Thanks for your efforts!
I'll get back to you via email with further updates.
Have a great day!
ordered a book from NAME-F last week
unknown_issue
My current e-reader is starting to have charging problems.
Now a new ereader PRS-ORG touch.
How can I get the books from my current e-reader to my new e-reader
The most convenient for me is if you want to send it in an email EMAIL
okay, I will try that later
Okay, thank you so far.
No, I will try to charge and download the ereader first.
If it doesn't work, I will let you know.
I bought two books this week via the PRS-ORG website: Derksen and Selfies by NAME-M.
When I try to open these books on my e-reader I get the message: Oops!
This document cannot be opened.
I have synced the e-reader several times, but that doesn't help.
I don't see the books anywhere on my computer.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG NAME-N, today approx.
13.4
I understand what went wrong.
I bought these books on the account EMAIL
These books should have been on the account EMAIL
Sure, here is the English translation:
Yes, sorry, I'm having some problems with the e-reader.
The problem has been solved.
I was logged out and then logged in again.
After restarting, both purchased books are on my e-reader.
Thanks for the help.
I understand that my accounts EMAIL and EMAIL are linked?
When I log in via PRS-ORG, I use the account EMAIL
I am offline.
Answer may also be sent to one of my email addresses, thank you.
