Hi!
One of the books I bought is no longer opening to read.
When I click on it to read, it closes the app.
It's the only book that is happening this.
EMAIL
The exact date, I do not remember, but it was last week, if I am not mistaken
I can’t leave here to confirm
The discourse of the image
NAME-N
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M 😎
I enter a match and when I or the adversary leaves the game I am redirected and exit the ut
In all game modes
I do not know if it is a disconnection because I have already been like this since 4 in the morning
I was doing the swaps in the favorites
Yes
Because of the swaps on the friends I was making Golden Goal
I was missing 2 goals and 1 deep assist
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Yes sir
NAME-M
I'm doing fine.
Currently I've been experiencing some problems in the PRS-ORG game related to bugged rewards
With the new event that's taking place, it shows that I've already completed it and I can already withdraw all rewards.
But I'm stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly
I have sent the pictures
When I do the missions it already shows that I completed all of them, but I am still in ALPHANUMERICID
Good
Thank you.
This problem is leaving me a bit upset because the event's rewards are very good rewards and I cannot claim them because of this problem
Everything is okay then
I thought it was just me and got a little more content knowing that you guys are already working to fix this
I'm doing better, but didn't want to lose the items from this event kk
No, thank you so much
Good morning NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
And now I can't change it to English.
I installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish and now I can’t change it to English
I didn't find any settings in the game or in PRS-ORG
Thank you
EMAIL
kkkkkk but that's obvious, my friend.
I thought that there would be another way to change the language without the need to download 8GB of the game again
But I imagined there wouldn't be another way
I appreciate it anyway
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-N
good evening my PRS-ORG does not bring the file when I open the game but the Carrier Mode
It is always like the first time
I have to choose team control and play that game
I have already uninstalled it 3 times but the problem still persists
I saw tips to change if assisted to semi-assisted at the time it works  but when I restart the game the bug comes back
I'm losing my saved game
Every time I have to refund it
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-N.
Firstly, could you please provide me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, my brother made a PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG on my account without meaning to.
He made a mistake but I'm the one who is losing out because he sent my team's players.
Is it possible to reclaim the players?
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Yes, that would be possible, it was an honest mistake by my younger brother.
I apologize again.
EMAIL
It is my father's email since I've been playing PRS-ORG on this account for a long time
And at that time I didn't have email yet.
If it could be done by personnel, it would be more convenient.
Thank you anyway.
Good night!
Hi friends, good morning.
I just checked that my 300 bonus didn't show up, damn I didn't know it had to be in a game with odds above 1.80, I lost because I bet everything thinking I would have the bonus, is there no way to unblock it?
D: Hi guys, good day. I just noticed that my 300 bonus didn't show up, damn I didn't know it had to be over 1.80, I lost because I bet it all, thinking I would get bonus, is there no way to release it?
Sorry, I didn't see that it had to be over 180
I saw when I went to request it.
I made the deposit of 300 just to be able to play with confidence.
I knew I would have the bonus
in case I would lose.
then I made a bet which was a bit safer and I lost, so I requested and it didn't work
Thank you honey.
Poxa, no.
Thank you.
I thought you could make an exception
actually it was 300
Please
Can't you see?
with the people over there
Everything's good, then
until next time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Bem.
However, I am having difficulty logging in to my PRS-ORG mobile account to my browser.
Yes
Yes
Always when trying to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears.
I would like to know more about this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I can not find the mods folder of the PRS-ORG, I have already opened the game and the folder was not created.
I had custom content before, I had to format the notebook and NAME-M brought all the contents back
But there is no mods folder
When I enter the game, there is several customized content but the folder doesn't exist
That, the folder doesn't exist
I have already entered where it is necessary in PRS-ORG games, in the PRS-ORG and afterwards there is no folder
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
May I have your name please?
Good evening.
I can't play The PRS-ORG because my PRS-ORGs appear completely blurry.
Support told me to use PRS-ORG Firstname Lastname, but it didn’t work.
I also renamed the The PRS-ORG folder to The PRS-ORG Old and loaded the game to create a new folder, but it didn't solve the problem.
I wanted to be able to play, but the PRS-ORG appears blurry (the scenery does not)
I was using them, but because they weren’t working I turned them off and deleted them.
And without mods, the problem is the same
It doesn't work, it is completely out of focus the PRS-ORG
There is no mod there
I have already tried and it did not solve the problem
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
look at this service, the PRS-ORG server is down all day today because
It was not like this
something is happening which we don't know
now the game does not work again
nice to meet you
you can now access the ALPHANUMERICID
Look, it is not working
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I would like to be enlightened as to how it is possible that your technicians are unable to find a simple solution for my problem
I do not have access to the PRS-ORG marketplace in the web app
Just in the web app
And I have already seen what you recommend doing
I've already done it and waited and nothing
And they say there's no possible resolution?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name, please?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I am having problems with my game
I have been trying to solve this for a while and it still doesn't solve the problem with my game
and I would like to refund him
but the time for starting the game for the first time has already passed
but I didn't even get to play the game
because the game just stays on the menu screens
EMAIL
NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you indicate your name please?
NAME-F
So, I am trying to play my PRS-ORG (full edition) and now that I have acted for the PRS-ORG system, the PRS-ORG says that my system does not support games in ALPHANUMERICID and advises me to contact the developer so that the game can be updated and I can continue playing
That is why I am here asking for help
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, after researching, I am aware of that.
But my contact is a request for the PRS-ORG to update the game to the most current systems
Thank you NAME-N
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I can't download PRS-ORG
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG was unable to download your game.
Check your internet connection and try again.
other games don't have this error
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin with, please give me your name?
Good evening.
My name is NAME-F
I hope you are doing good too:)
I downloaded the PRS-ORG again and it's in English, I remember when I played on the other computer it was in Portuguese
Unfortunately I was not able to find the settings
Would you be able to tell me how to set PRS-ORG to Portuguese?
Yes, I am unable to access PRS-ORG in Portuguese.
Thank you very much for the help
Oh, thank you so much!
Do you know if this will have any forecast?
Or if the change of language will be automatic?
Thank you very much.
That is it, thank you.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
I have a PRS-ORG and play the PRS-ORG
I wanted to play the PRS-ORG draft mode, however I do not have enough PRS-ORG points to enter, and I am not able to buy them
What can I do?
Yes, that's correct.
And acquiring normal coins is very difficult these days after all this time.
Difficult eh, there's no other way to access the mode
I saw that the servers are going to end on the 14th
What will happen after that
Basically there will be no way to play this mode anymore, right?
PRS-ORG I can not open packs, because the store is unavailable for any type of purchase
Even the packs that you win by completing the initial missions.
There is no way to open them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please tell me your name?
Hi, my PRS-ORG is blocked.
I cannot enter without knowing what is happening
I didn't do anything against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait.
Let me check.
Yes
The computer is a bit old, NAME-N.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
good evening
good evening, I would like help since about 2 months I bought the PRS-ORG and now it is for free !
I need help, I have already had several problems with the game that is getting stuck a lot and now this loss!
I would like to request your consideration
I bought the ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year, and I just checked that it is free
I just spoke to them and they said that it's up to you
now it seems I am going to be cast aside
I would like a help from someone
about the case
yes, but I paid for it and now everyone else is getting it for free
ok, I understand your position, I am not satisfied and I am very sorry for this position.
The game is available for free for all subscribers, and I have paid for it.
I appreciate your attention and I apologize for bothering you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you give me your name, please?
Good day NAME-F, are you doing well?
My name is NAME-M
I would like to get help with the situation I am having with my PRS-ORG
I'm doing well too, thanks
so, the following happens
since I bought the PRS-ORG I can’t play a match without having some performance-related problem. The FPS keeps dropping every now and then and when it drops below 60 the game starts crashing.
I've already tried several tips on the Internet on how to solve this, and none worked. Not even the second patch update that was supposed to fix this kind of problem, and as it was described, it didn't work. I don't know what else to do, but I know one thing, I can't play
I tried even to ask for a refund from PRS-ORG, but since it had already passed more than two hours (two hours in which I was trying to get the game to work) they didn't accept it
and I don't know what to do, and it's impossible to play any game mode\
Hello?
I think that I have already done all these processes and the problem persists
not to mention the silence of PRS-ORG about these problems and a future update to correct this
because I do not know what else to do
right, I will do that
but let's agree that if PRS-ORG is going to launch a patch, it's going to take quite some time, isn't it?
and if it works
but thank you for the help
No, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
good afternoon
My name is NAME-M
I'm having problems opening the packages that I won
at the store
thank you
Are the 4 packages ok?
There is an info about a problem of connection and login
I have tried through the app and that did not work either
ok
ok.
I'll wait.
If anything I'll get in touch again
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: how can I purchase the PRS-ORG game to offer it?
In that case, a code so that the person can download the game on his/her PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy it there, do I have a link that I can offer?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello
Good evening
I just downloaded the game
by the PRS-ORG games
and I can't change the language on the PRS-ORG
Yes
I can't
it is in English.
so just a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I wanted to put my PRS-ORG account on my computer
How can I do that?
Okay.
ok
ahhh
ok
obg
nn
Appreciate your understanding.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, please may I have your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Hi there, I hope you are doing well too, let's get on with my problem, before I played ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG platform, then I bought PRS-ORG and another PRS-ORG, the game works fine, the only problem is that I can't play with my friends online, they also have the PRS-ORG.
My e-mail address is registered as follows:
EMAIL
ID: NAME-N
I've tried everything I know, I've already talked with someone else from the chat, and they couldn't help me either.
Yes, I am not able to play PRS-ORG games with my friends.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
PRS-ORG refund
I had a negative experience
in relation to the performance on my computer
the app crashes too much
and it was not what I expected
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Hi NAME-N!
This is NAME-F.
I need help to access my account PRS-ORG, the code is not reaching my email
A code just arrived here haha
Thank you for your attention NAME-N!
No, that was it!
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M and my name is NAME-M as well.
good afternoon
all right
I'm doing fine thanks for asking
so my PRS-ORG is not starting
I would like to unlink my account from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
I think this might be the error
right
EMAIL
can you please check that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
good morning
NAME-M
I'm good, and you?
I would like to change the email that is in my PRS-ORG account
how could I do this?
However, when I send a security code to my email in order to make the exchange, the message does not arrive.
I'm not receiving the PRS-ORG emails.
that's right
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please provide me with your name?
My name is NAME-N
I would like to transfer the account I recently unlinked from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I disconnected that user thinking that it would be safe on PRS-ORG, but when I opened it again, the account was lost
basically, I wanted to transfer my progress from the PRS-ORG account to another user
and I ended up unlinking from PRS-ORG
and I can’t log into the account anymore
when I open PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG
it was linked to another PRS-ORG account
and when I open PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG it was linked to another PRS-ORG account
I would like to transfer the progress of this PRS-ORG account to another one
the progress of only the PRS-ORG
how can I proceed?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I had a PRS-ORG account that was deleted by someone else
my account was deleted.
I had a PRS-ORG account there with the game code: ALPHANUMERICID
I need help to recover my account
EMAIL
Yes, I need help to recover the account
I haven't played in quite a while and I think she may have been deleted or banned
yes
Email
But that was the email I used.
Good evening, I made the withdrawal at 00h yesterday and it has not arrived, I contacted you and the operator told me there was a delay in payment, but that they would ask the responsible department to forward my payment, but when I logged on to my account the withdrawal was returned to my amulet account, what happened?
NAME-N to withdraw again ?
NAME-N: No title.png
URL: URL
NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
NAME-F, what did you respond to me in the email
sure
yes
but why was it cancelled
that is what I want to know
Do I withdraw again?
therefore it is not my mistake
Is everything okay with my account, correct?
no
Thank you
Thanks for reaching out to PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Yes.
Ever since yesterday’s update, I can’t get into ultimate team on PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all players in PRS-ORG
I don’t have PRS-ORG
In addition to this, I only have 5 friends.
I can't solve the problem
I have goals to accomplish.
I have only today to get the letter from NAME-N
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP I’m losing from not being able to play.
But I have to play today
Because I only have until today to complete the objectives
How are you going to solve this situation?
Because I have PRS-ORG will I be prejudiced against other players???
I will lose important players and points
OK.
I'll wait.
Thank you for the help
No.
That’s all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
EMAIL
510034
I had not taken this ban before I stopped playing, I go back and I have a ban for restricted activity?
I just wanted to play again to pass the time but I'm seeing that I lost my account for nothing
NAME-M
Name is NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I have your name please?
hi good night
Could you clear up my doubt?
I am looking to buy the PRS-ORG...
but to me, playing that new map
Am I obliged to buy the Gol or Ultimat version?
or by buying the basic one can I play the new map already ?
Gold or Ultimate version *
no, I just want to know if it's possible to play the new map by buying the basic version of PRS-ORG ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may you please indicate your name?
Good evening
there is no game for download
I sent an annex
I received notification that it was available
it says it was made available 58 minutes ago
How can I solve it if I have PRS-ORG ?
it is already resolved
would it be necessary to restart the PRS-ORG app
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I bought PRS-ORG, I had a PRS-ORG, but I didn’t notice that the version I bought was only for him.
Now I have upgraded to PRS-ORG and I don't have the game for the new version.
Would it be possible to make it available?
Will I have to buy the game again?
Since it costs the same on both platforms
Hi, NAME-M!
I will not play anymore, I will not pay 2x for the same game.
I'll wait for next year.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you give me your name, please?
Good evening, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to denounce two users who use hacker in the online mode game PRS-ORG.
The name of one of them is NAME-N and the other one is NAME-N
Both use commands that automatically make the sight aim at other players' heads and they can see through walls.
By the way, the server for the online PRS-ORG games are filled with users using these types of cheats.
Unfortunately it is quite discouraging to play there.
I would like them to be taken action against.
The fairest thing to do would be to ban them from the platform.
Okay.
I'll report in the link you sent me
Just that.
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First off, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with twitch
only that it requires an access code
in a number that I do not have anymore
I have tried all these cases
it is only saying that it will send the authentication code to a number that I no longer have
and it's not the number I have linked to
I used
he takes me to where I reported the problem
asks for a verification code
and it says that it will send the verification code to a phone number
that I don’t have anymore
and I already changed the number a while ago in the PRS-ORG account
Okay
thank you very much for your help
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I would like a telephone contact to speak with you
My account was hacked and you say there's nothing suspicious??
No, I'm not feeling well
You are playing with the clients
I am not enjoying this situation at all
I hope to say that it was me who did what happened with my account ?
Yes, I would like to have a contact to call
Please
Do you not have a contact to call??
My email is EMAIL
I already know you're going to say no one's been in the account.
But did someone enter my account?
Okay, thank you
No problem, just that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
Hi, how are you doing?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all PRS-ORG points and jewels to win NAME-M, and once again, no player came!
The last promotion did not come either
I made a complaint
And I didn't have any refund and I didn't win anything
Just a loss
Now the promotion of the same thing is out of the store!
But it has already been reported last time
This is the second time in a row.
I am losing money.
The assistant told me that I was the first to report it
Now this is still happening
But just reporting doesn't solve what happened
How do I request a refund?
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I have already talked to one of your colleagues about the missing game in my library, and after doing what he told me, the game is still missing
And as I work and go out every day at 20 it's quite hard to have an online conversation that resolves the situation, given that I have no access to my pc now
EMAIL
The game in shortage and the PRS-ORG
Game bought on 26-11 at PRS-ORG
I have already restarted, already cheated, already gone to the dat app, already deleted the files that your colleague told me to delete, and I still don't have the game
I have the payment receipts from the bank and PRS-ORG as to how the game was purchased and as I already have 30hrs on it
The amount paid was 47.99€
I have already started using the PRS-ORG
Since I am not at home, I couldn't get the login, I will check it when I get there !
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I have your name please?
good evening, my name is NAME-M
I need help because my PRS-ORG is reading my controller as PRS-ORG
however my control is from PRS-ORG
the PRS-ORG is reading my control as PRS-ORG but my control is PRS-ORG the configurations of the control in the PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG also it is as PRS-ORG
however when I open the game it became like PRS-ORG
It was normal before, I've tried everything to fix it but it doesn't work
was
changed to PRS-ORG all of a sudden
and it won't go away at all
I took a print to show that it is marked as PRS-ORG control in the PRS-ORG
Where can I send it ?
Now it is back to normal
Thank you very much
have a good night
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-M, I have 38 players listed for transfer in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear with the "tick" of sales but, I did not receive the coins and, I can't withdraw them.
They are frozen there.
I need the gold cards to make the PRS-ORG
Did you get it?
That being said, the 38 players are stuck on my transfer market list
Those are low values.
It's players in gold overall maximum 79, around 1,500 per player.
They are there listed.
All gold, rare or common
I would have to add up the values of each player and I didn't do it
But this is the second time that you are wrong with me.
Time goes by and nothing is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, could you please indicate your name?
hello good afternoon
my PRS-ORG does not open
Every time I upgrade the operating system, this happens
I bought it from PRS-ORG
My name is NAME-M
EMAIL
it just doesn't open
I have already disabled the antivirus
I've already messed with the app data.
and it doesn't help
I already did that, friend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-N
NAME-N, after clicking to play multiplayer mode the game closes
in just a few seconds.
What can it be?
PRS-ORG
I downloaded it from the PRS-ORG, but it makes me use the PRS-ORG to play it
I wish I could send you a video of what is happening
Yes, I downloaded PRS-ORG, the game starts normally, the campaign mode works normally
It's just the multiplayer that doesn't
but the campaign works normal, I can play normal
this error only affects the multiplayer
In fact it is not even an error, the game just closes
I'm going to try to uninstall and install it again
no
thanks
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
Good afternoon
The thing is that I can't unlink the prime gaming account
I wanted to put my new account
If you could help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Ok I'll wait, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
Why does PRS-ORG have a garbage server?
DON'T COME UP WITH QUESTIONS
JUST READ
NAME-N, does anyone know how to read
And what is the problem that I said?
I did not say it was my internet, it is not my PC
AND THE SERVER OF PRS-ORG IS A WASTE
NAME-N, all attendants say the same thing
even until today the server continues to suck
Soon?
NAME-N what a joke
Years and years of consumer complaining
PRS-ORG being greedy, does not buy a server
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
I went to set up a draft online
and it came
2 NAME-N sent attached image
if that is impossible
That's right
I can't help.
in that case
I will take other measures against the company
we players pay for a product, and as there is PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel cheated
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, please give me your name.
Why is the game so buggy after the update...PRS-ORG
When is the next update to find out why, until then there are no conditions...
Player stops running for no reason...Defender jumps in front of the attacker. Lateral runs twice as fast as the wings.
I do all of these, and we are all like on the first day, playing on the other field
I'm not complaining about the gameplay
Wl I do 8x1 9x1 this I did 4 num suffering there's no way I can play like this.
I want to know when the next update for PRS-ORG will be???
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Yesterday I spoke with NAME-M about my account being hacked
yesterday I spoke with NAME-M about my account that was invaded, she helped me but I can't log in to my PRS-ORG account
I've already changed my password several times
and I cannot log into the account, which is tied to the PRS-ORG account
my NAME-M chat got closed and I was unable to get in touch again
NAME-M
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
Nice to meet you too.
I have a doubt with PRS-ORG.
I see you're talking about becoming verified on the PRS-ORG.
To be verified is to reach the elite division of PRS-ORG?
Okay.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please give me your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
I'm having doubts regarding the packs of PRS-ORG with problems
I noticed that those who made the PRS-ORG player pick and took PRS-ORG are going to receive the player pick again
However, who made the icon prime pack and withdrew the icon moments, will also receive it?
I drew a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG pack.
I understand, in that case, how long might I have to wait before I receive it?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, may you indicate your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm good thank you.
I subscribed to PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG to play the PRS-ORG but it doesn't seem to be available without purchasing
I can buy the PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check.
I do not find this game
I went to see the list of games of the PRS-ORG now and all the PRS-ORG are in PRS-ORG including PRS-ORG
Except PRS-ORG that is not in PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
May I have your name please?
NAME-M
I contacted you a little while ago because I have the same PRS-ORG account on the PRS-ORG and on the PC, but on the PRS-ORG, he gave me a different name
In PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG, I have a team in PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I entered the account on PRS-ORG, but on the PC it already appeared a different name.
PRS-ORG Name - NAME-N
PRS-ORG PC Name - ALPHANUMERICID
Email is the same - EMAIL
Yes that's right, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here on the PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when PRS-ORG offered it to a few months ago.
Here on the PC.
Yes, I know, but when I started PRS-ORG here on the PC, it looked for my PRS-ORG account, so much so that I received the rewards for continuing to use my account to play.
Except for PRS-ORG, I never played PRS-ORG on Pc.
Yes, that's possible.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon NAME-M
my name is NAME-M
I was playing the weekend league and was winning 3x1 when my rival abandoned the game
But I didn't win the victory
Can you check?
EMAIL
Should I have won right?
No.
I believe it was the penultimate one.
It was 3x1
Ah well then
But is it going to be considered as a win?
I understand.
Thank you.
No.
Just that
Thank you!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put in the email it doesn't progress
It does not go ahead
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
All lowercase with no accent marks
How do I do that ?
Kkkkk
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting Ajuda PRS-ORG, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you tell me your name, please?
I just bought PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG website
I just redeemed my PRS-ORG points in my PRS-ORG account
But it is not appearing in the game
Here it says that I have 55 Reals available
But how do I place it on PRS-ORG?
That's right
CREDITCARD
that's what I bought in PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I was able to redeem here in the account
the value
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Good afternoon!!
I would like to see with you if there is a possibility to delete my account at PRS-ORG?
Because I am trying to log in but it says that there is a problem with my account
I would like to uninstall and start everything over again
I can't open my PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG games
also
It is written "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account
So I log in to PRS-ORG my email is open and the app opens
I just can not link PRS-ORG and I can not open the game
I already uninstalled the app and the game and installed them again
Still, it didn’t solve it
I really need your help, I'm talking to you for the second time today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you give me your name, please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure is mine
So, I have been away for a while and can't get on to my old account
I have a question regarding email, I think it is, EMAIL
But when I request to retrieve my password I don't receive the email
As PRS-ORG is a very old website it has gone through so many changes so much so that I had to reactivate my email
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Hello.
Please, I would like to cancel my subscription to PRS-ORG
I am trying to carry out the cancellation through the payment page but the cancellation option is not appearing
The associated email is EMAIL
Everything is already canceling my PRS-ORG subscription by PRS-ORG.
A question: if I subscribe to PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG, will the progress on the other games that I had on the PRS-ORG continue?
Or would I start over from zero?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
good evening
so I have a problem with the PRS-ORG app
I am unable to download the PRS-ORG app
msg appears: there was a problem with your download
Something went wrong with your download.
Wait a few moments and try again.
yes
I can only do it through PRS-ORG
I'll do the procedures here
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please let me know your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Likewise, NAME-M.
I made a PRS-ORG where it said "PRS-ORG Player's Choice" but I received a PRS-ORG.
But I only made the PRS-ORG because I thought that I would receive the Player Pick, if I had known I would receive a package I would not have done it.
Is there anything that can be done?
Are you still there?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a PRS-ORG match, when my opponent, after taking a goal, left the game
As soon as I got out of the match, a message came up saying that the match was under review
I tried to enter the game mode again, and I could not enter, and a message appears saying that I do not have the right to play that mode
He appears on rivals and PRS-ORG
In PRS-ORG, I can log in normally
No, I want to finish, there are 7 matches remaining, but I can't play
I am thinking that I have been banned unjustly
1 minute
EMAIL
NAME-N
Ah perfect, I was afraid that I had taken a ban kkkkkkkkk
Thanks for the help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please provide your name?
My name is NAME-M.
That is my login for the game, my account was banned by PRS-ORG, I stopped playing for a while and I realized that some coins were missing.
I believe that I have been hacked!
I've been playing since 2012 and I never do anti-game!
I need you to verify what is happening for me.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
then I am having trouble logging into PRS-ORG
one moment it says that the problem is the PRS-ORG's and another moment it says it is the servers'
I have already visited the websites many times.
and it never works
what should I do
What do I do
it worked this time
thank you for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good day!
My name is NAME-M
Nice to meet you!
NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG via my mobile phone, on the PRS-ORG app, when I got home, I logged onto the game and the PRS-ORGs weren't there
I bought them again from the game, it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORG from the second purchase were lost
But the first purchase, the PRS-ORG did not drop in the game
Yes!
It has been 24 hours already.
I purchased it yesterday at 10:05.
Darn it, I feel cheated by the loss of those PRS-ORG
I understand!
I will contact PRS-ORG, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-F
How are you?
I am trying to purchase PRS-ORG points, and when I go in to see the PRS-ORG points options a message pops up
It is not possible to add PRS-ORG points at the moment
Try again later.
It has been a few days and it has never occurred before.
PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Sorry, I didn't get that.
Is the server blocked for purchase of PRS-ORG points for PRS-ORG 18?
I understand, so it's a temporary problem.
If in 24 hours I am not able to, I will contact you again.
Thank you for your attention.
Recently we purchased 24 e-books on the app PRS-ORG and paid with credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase??
In awaiting.
EMAIL
03/03/2021
Recently we made the purchase of 24 e-books by app PRS-ORG and paid with a credit card.
I would like to know if an invoice will be issued for this purchase??
Thank you for the information. I will be more than happy to assist you.
Will you be issuing a NF for the purchase we made via the PRS-ORG app?
For every product sold, a NF is generated right?
I would like to know if you will send me the receipt of purchase of the 24 e-books via email
hOW COME?
Do not you have a partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide me with your name?
Good evening NAME-M.
I was already talking with another attendant, but my connection was lost
I'm doing fine, thank you for asking.
My PRS-ORG game has a bug, where the marker icon keeps moving without me touching the control
I already changed the controller and it still has the same bug
Yes.
When I start the game the arrow to select the icons stops moving and this all without me touching the controller.
I've already used different controllers and it continues to bug.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
Can you help me please?
I already have PRS-ORG linked to my PRS-ORG account
I was playing PRS-ORG normally.. until yesterday
today I can't log in to PRS-ORG anymore, it says: sorry but there was an error connecting to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
I even formatted the pc to see if it would come back.... and it doesn't work at all
I'll send you a print screen
It just started to work again
did you make any adjustments?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Good evening
I can't link my account to the PRS-ORG
I enter my email and password but the code does not arrive at the email
EMAIL
this one above is the main one
the secondary one is EMAIL
however it does not offer the option of setting up the secondary to link it
I was able to use this code that you sent
obg
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
NAME-F, my name is NAME-M.
I am having a specific problem
in my PRS-ORG
I am having a problem
that when I try to change the graphic of the shadow details, to the one that is deactivated, it goes back to the bottom out of nowhere
I just want to leave it deactivated, but I can't.
EMAIL
there is the email
It must be a technical problem, NAME-F. I tried uninstalling the game and reinstalling it, formatting my PC, and it didn't work.
It still gives the same problem
NAME-F?
that's been a long time
almost a year has already gone by
This is not the problem
The problem is with my game graphics
just the "shadow detail [illumination]" that keeps changing to low, alone
even though I want to leave it deactivated
NAME-M, I hope to receive a response from you as soon as possible
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello 😸
My 10/10/10 insignia did not count
Each of the team members have to kill 10 people in order to get it, we got it and it didn’t count
PRS-ORG game
I have photo and video if it helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello good day
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked to the email EMAIL
Last night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG but they have not entered my account
PRS-ORG ID
Email EMAIL
I bought it directly from the PRS-ORG store
The direct purchase from the game was giving an error
I opened the PRS-ORG menu, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reais
That is the value that the account has the PRS-ORG subscription
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
Yesterday I renewed my subscription to PRS-ORG, but it entered into a duplication.
I want to cancel one of the charges
The PRS-ORG membership is for PRS-ORG
I purchased it directly through PRS-ORG
in the PRS-ORG application
Okay then
thank you
just that
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
good dua
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
I need to inform you that the request was received.
... it remains to be tested if I can download it
and knowing if the booklet that came with the PRS-ORG worked
where do I print it?
with the manual of instructions
I bought version 4
without limitations of the free one to be launched on the 18th
it has already appeared in the download environment
but I need to know where the manual is for download with the license of use and instructions
too
it would be like download start and the manual of instructions equal to the PRS-ORG
when I bought it it was on physical media
and the instruction manual
yes
more than that, thank you
good day and good work
just that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may I ask you your name please?
Hello good evening !
I would like to request my Reward for Rivals, as I have completed 8 weekly victories.
My name is NAME-M
My e-mail is EMAIL
Ah yes 🙌🏻
That's great
Thank you for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I sent the photo of the error on entering.
I was in an online match and in the middle of the match, my internet went down.
I am trying to reconnect but I can not
I sent a photo of the error
I would like to enter the PRS-ORG menu
I need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I'm restarting the console
PRS-ORG Console*
And I will try again
I think it worked 🤞🤞
That was it.
Thank you very much for your help.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I ask your name please?
I bought PRS-ORG
it did not fall
I have already attached exactly as you asked
and I need them to be put in manually
because I want to buy something that has a limited time to buy.
PRS-ORG
EMAIL
Dude I will miss the promotion and I will sue you.
second call that I open and you guys in this foolishness
Proof has already been sent, that was the reason it was to be in my account
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hi friend
I was banned and wanted to use my email again for another account
I want you to delete my account
Yes
Delete everything
I want to use this email again friend
EMAIL
my account was disabled and the email was retained
My PRS-ORG account is this email, I can not play PRS-ORG in it because you are retaining my email
How do I change?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Hello NAME-M!
I am experiencing a disconnects problem, or dc as it is commonly known as, in my account
It’s not my internet, because I’m never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, just from the matches
And it is hurting me a lot, especially in the PRS-ORG's, because it's very important not to lose stupid matches to try and get a higher rank, so how do I do it now, having this type of disconnection every week?
That's right, I'm having disconnection problems
I am experiencing problem with disconnection**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Good afternoon, are you okay!!
So, it sounds like there's an update to the game today, right?
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, however, when I started the game, the game errored
I already uninstalled and reinstalled it
However, the error persists
I can't play, the error message always appears
I have the photo
May I keep this chat for 4 minutes in order to check with my team?
I will wait.
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and it's all ok
Only the PRS-ORG really after this update gave an error and it doesn't work
Do you think you can release it today?
Or do you give some deadline?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Can you please indicate your name?
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account was suspended from the transfer market.
Account: ALPHANUMERICID
However, I am not in any coin buying or selling scheme.
Correct
Sure
EMAIL
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to exchange the PRS-ORG account that is linked to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked a PRS-ORG account in my PRS-ORG account, but it's from my cousin, and I signed up for PRS-ORG, so I want to replace one account with the other
I want to link another prime account
But I cannot, as it says I cannot link another account
But I don't want to use the 2, I just want to add the Prime that I subscribed
I want to link another prime gaming account to my PRS-ORG account.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I purchased PRS-ORG and it will not load.
It gets stuck on the loading screen of story mode.
My PC complies with the requirements for playing and I already tried to lower the graphics to the maximum to try loading
So all we can do is wait for it to be corrected?
Is there nothing else I can do?
I want to play the game
It turns out that at the beginning of the year, the same game was on sale and I bought it and had exactly the same problem.
I asked for a refund because I thought it was a hardware problem.
Will I have to wait for another year to play the game?
8 months have passed and the problem has not been resolved
It's hard to trust your word that it will be solved soon
What a joke
But ok
There's nothing more that I can do.
Thanks for at least letting me know
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I am not able to start a game.
That was after I did a DME that this error started…
Today in the morning I was playing normally
Now the night has a problem
The message that says there's a connection problem with the PRS-ORG appears
And then goes back to the initial menu
I'm not able to start a game on any game mode
I already tested my connection and it is alright
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
Is everything okay with my account?
Are there others who are also having this problem?
How do I solve this?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you indicate your name for me please?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I am not able to play PRS-ORG.
I have the PRS-ORG subscription of the PRS-ORG, which includes the PRS-ORG
As a matter of fact when I open the game the error comes up, I am attaching the images.
Remember that this is the 10 am evaluation time
I even managed to access the game earlier.
But now I am trying and the error described appears
Talk for me to check my subscription, it's active until the 2nd of next month
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please provide me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Hi NAME-M, nice to meet you.
I am having trouble logging into the PRS-ORG mode and some friends are also having this same issue
Nice!
☺️
Yes, I even sent it at the beginning of the conversation
A photo of what shows up
It was not possible to connect to PRS-ORG.
Try again later.
That message that appears
The profile I play PRS-ORG on is another.
I play PRS-ORG in one account and PRS-ORG next.
EMAIL
It is the e-mail
Yes yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I continue with problems to begin the game
I can not play the game
The anti-cheat gives problems
Some kind of memory dump appears in the error message
I entered in contact earlier and they told me that they would solve the issue immediately
and I signed up for PRS-ORG precisely so that I could play the game today
I want to know when I'll be able to play
Yes
I have already tried a lot of things
and nothing solves it
you must already be aware of this problem
so, what is the solution?
Is the problem in the anticheat then?
should I do anything in my computer?
ok
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, could you please provide me your name?
NAME-M
I am unable to play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG
A message appears saying that I do not have permission
Yes.
It says that I don't have the necessary right to access this feature
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
I was talking to another operator and the chat dropped.
Regarding my last open case of PRS-ORG
no, I bought the PRS-ORG at his event!
However, soon after you nerfed it and it is unplayable, my request was if you would be able to exchange my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one!
because I deeply regretted having bought the one from him and you nerfed the action figure
I would really like if you could help me
I was talking to another attendant, but he dropped the conversation, he said he would check with the team
Customer support representative*
Yes or a refund to get from the wraith
New from wraith
PRS-ORG is the game that I love the most, that I have played the most since season 1
I would be very grateful if you could help me
Ouch.
not even a code for me to try and buy the new inheritance?
I would not call if they took it out of the air
seer
you give so much code to these streamers who keep talking badly about the game and we, even though we love the game, end up being prejudiced by the nerfs you do on the figures
I would be playing with him if they hadn't killed him.
now ive spent and i regret it and ngm can help me
a code would be helping me, I would complete what is missing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello I had my account hacked or my cellphone hacked I don't know and my players my coins disappeared and I was banned from the market
I was very focused on my account now this happened, I am demoralized
I am already trying to contact you guys, give me 5 star attention, the support just sends an email that won’t revert the issue
Case
My account is already old and has never been banned, it wasn't me
And to start off, another account won't do because I have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is linked
Help me please
I am desperate
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, may you please provide me with your name?
NAME-M
this problem has been persisting for a week
I am really angry
When I start the anticheat, the message appears: "could not start.
Administrator access is required. This problem has been occurring for a week.
I need an answer urgently.
YES HONEY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
Hello, NAME-F.
NAME-M.
So I took advantage of the big discount that PRS-ORG is giving of 70%, and decided to buy PRS-ORG.
NAME-F, I installed, but when I run the game I get these error messages... I have no idea what it means nor how to resolve it...
I sent the print in the annex on the opening of the chat.
Yes, correct.
I open the game by the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG page, starts also by the PRS-ORG, and the errors that I sent in the print appear.
Did NAME-F get access to the print that I sent?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, could you please give me your name?
I have already reinstalled both the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG App, but the PRS-ORG does not open.
The PRS-ORG App opens twice and the game doesn't open.
It was normal until yesterday.
Correct.
I have already looked through all the tutorials on your website.
All I can do is format the computer...
Even the last customer support representative sent me 3 links to my email that I had already accessed before.
EMAIL
is associated with my PRS-ORG account, where the purchase was made.
No error message appears.
It just doesn't open.
The PRS-ORG does not even open
the PRS-ORG APP simply closes and opens again in offline mode
Okay.
They were the same links that they sent me the last time
I already accessed them and it didn't solve the problem
I guess I will have to try and format my computer, because even you guys don't know the reason
Thanks for nothing
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Hi my friend, how are you doing?
Hello my friend, how are you?
Yes, I am
I bought PRS-ORG a few minutes ago, but I didn't like the game very much
then I would like to ask for a refund
can you help me with that?
Sure, one moment friend
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, please may I have your name?
Good evening!
My name is NAME-M.
I was thinking about getting the PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG, but I can't tell if my PC has the requirements to run the game
My processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) AlphaNumeric CPU @ AlphaNumericID 2.40 GHz
and I have 8 GB of RAM
but the graphics card is
Yes, but the graphic card only has Nvidia or PRS-ORG
My graphics card is Intel HD graphics 520
Will it run the game?
Ah, ok
Well, it seems I'll have to invest in a video card
Thank you for the help!
Thank you
That’s it for today!
Good rest of day and good work!
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please indicate your name to me?
I am NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the sever crashed
Will I lose the match?
Yes, but will I get my PRS-ORG entry refunded?
I am unable to connect
The server is offline
My internet is perfect
The server crashed when I was in the game
I want to know if I'll get my entry back on the PRS-ORG?
Plus it's not just me who can't get in
Everyone I know is not being able to
It wasn't a problem with my internet
It was a problem from the server guys
I just don’t want to lose the game because of this
I just want my PRS-ORG entry returned
Ok
Just that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
wanted the refund
of the game that I bought the PRS-ORG
I'm unable to play
the game has an error and I can't log in to play
You have the conditions but I don't want a refund
For 3 days, I have not been able to enter the game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you indicate your name to me please?
NAME-M birth
Good evening, is everything ok?
I'm getting in touch with you because I deleted my team and I want to see if I can re-find it
NAME-N this game makes me nervous kkkk
The same thing.
At the ultimate time
Name of the club a troop of the sorcerer
OK
EMAIL
Huuum ok so I will end my participation in PRS-ORG
Thank you very much for trying
Good evening NAME-F, everything is well, stay with God.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Is everything okay?
My home at the PRS-ORG disappeared
I was in contact now, they asked to follow a step by step error solution by PRS-ORG
I had to restart my computer and lost the dialog, but that didn't work
I didn’t use any corrupted item, only the ones from the package,
It disappeared for a while, I opened a solution request, after a while an update appeared and it came back
I created the family and when I was going to place it in the house it had disappeared again
Right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening my doubt is about PRS-ORG
The 10 hours of PRS-ORG count only when the game is open
Or does it count from the very first moment that the game is opened
Also, if I close the game and do something else the test goes on for the entire trial time.
Or only when the game is open?
In case I turn off my PC does the time still continue?
If the game is completely closed
The time still continues
Or only if the game is open
Ok, thank you so much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
My pleasure.
I am absolutely desperate because yesterday I opened my account and I found out that almost all my coins were removed.
About 1 million and 100 thousand coins.
I don't know what to do about it!
That is why I have come to ask for help.
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please provide me with your name?
Good evening, I have just contacted the problem in the download of the purchase I made.
I just redid the purchase and the problem persisted.
My name : NAME-M
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you. How are you doing?
I continue to have problems downloading the PRS-ORG package for the The PRS-ORG that I purchased.
I am using the PRS-ORG App.
Could it be a problem with the app?
I have managed to download
I have cleaned the cache of the app
from PRS-ORG App in the "Recovery of the App" option
It worked .
For now, that's all folks!
Good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
I bought a game and I couldn't download it, can you help me?
I installed the PRS-ORG app on my computer
I bought The PRS-ORG collection of worlds
EMAIL
I am not receiving an error message, I wanted you to teach me how to download the game via the PRS-ORG application
it only comes up (DO YOU HAVE THAT AD-ON)
But I don't know how to download the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I already have a level 500 account with PRS-ORG.
however I want to play on the pc and link the same account
when the cross progression comes, will I not make a mistake of losing my things of the PRS-ORG account?
The game is PRS-ORG legends
but I'm playing now on the pc
with the same email.
etc.
will there be any future problem?
I am a writer and the owner of the rights to the book The Fairy and the Wizard
URL
you can't sell them!
the company that put the book there cannot sell it ... please remove ...
not speaking as a user
I speak as a writer and owner of the rights.
you are a human
I want to speak to a human
thank you, I am going to open a case there
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you please provide your name?
Hello Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to solve this problem of mine, I decided to get in touch with you.
After several attempts to solve this problem, I decided to contact you. When I start the PRS-ORG, I get an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I tried everything I saw on the internet to fix it, but it was all in vain.
Essentially, you're my last chance
I did not do that one.
Do you want me to do it?
Give me a minute, please. I'll be quick.
Unfortunately, it continues to give me the same error
After following all the steps, the same error reappeared when starting the PRS-ORG
Yes, I unfortunately can not open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS on the PRS-ORG App Companion.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hi, I can't connect to rivals
It's been over 15 hours
I am able to log in and play rivals
A warning has been appearing for more than 15 hours
Yes
I had already contacted support and they said the problem would be fixed quickly.
However, the problem still remained
Ok, and what about the rewards?
As there is still 1 game left for me to get, and there is still 12 hours left for the Rivals to end
Okay
And would you be able to collect these packages afterwards?
That is the progress of all season, there are 89 games to get the best reward, and I am not able to play to get the game 90
It is frustrating that we have played a whole season and we are not being rewarded
Especially in such an important event like TOTY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please provide me your name?
NAME-M
I'm doing great.
so, a while ago I deleted my gmail that was part of a PRS-ORG account and nowadays I can't have access to my old account just because I deleted my old gmail
How could you help me?
that account I am talking about now and my gmail acts, that is, I want to try to recover my old account
that is registered in that gmail
EMAIL
this old gmail was deleted and I forgot to change it in the PRS-ORG before deleting it, and there were games there
like bf4 and others
How could I recover my account via PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
then, NAME-M.
today I bought and downloaded the NAME-F game and after the installation it does not open.
This is what the following message says: "An error has occurred in our service, which caused a startup failure.
"Please try again later."
No, it's installed.
But it doesn't open when I start it...
Yes
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
Why did I then like amuletobet
I found a better betting house
The URL is not agile nor is the bonus or withdrawal.
I am unable to play with platforms like that.
I am sorry but I can not.
Bonus Denied
So please delete my account, I don't even want any bonuses, I've decided, and my way.
I no longer want it, I found another gambling house better, and I value that very much and my way of doing things.
Bye for now, thank you.
For the exclusion.
Name-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you give me your name, please?
I bought the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and when starting the PRS-ORG my game is not in the library, when starting from the PRS-ORG I am redirected to PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I did not receive any code, it gives an access denied error, I have a printout of the purchase receipt
Yes
In fact I bought it on PRS-ORG, I didn't know there was a code
but when I start the game, I am redirected to the PRS-ORG and it asks me for the code
I have entered into contact with PRS-ORG and they directed me to the PRS-ORG site, and now I am lost, one is sending me to the other
and right here on the site you say I can turn to you
I lost my code and didn't install it via the PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose a product key, contact us so we can help.
It's possible that a purchase receipt will be asked for, so keep it handy.
this is a topic that I found
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-F
My pleasure
I bought the PRS-ORG game but I can't access it
I have been instructed to send an email but cannot finish
I cannot advance and use it
Thank you very much
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I ask your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Please help me.
I was hacked and from what I saw, they deleted my club from PRS-ORG.
I invest a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and I can't lose my account like this.
As I sent you the photo in the attachment, I tried to log into my PRS-ORG Companion App this morning and do not have a club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thank you for the help in advance
I played last tuesday night.
I didn't play yesterday because I worked all day and today, when I wanted to enter the club in the morning, it said that the club didn't exist.
OK, thanks for the information
So you're saying it's that and I wasn't hacked
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I am trying to link a PRS-ORG account
however it says that another one is already linked
and I already disconnected it last week
EMAIL
that's the email I want to link
what it indicates as being linked is EMAIL
I wasn't using the old one.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon
My name is NAME-M
I am unable to enter my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG game
The application closes as soon as I enter the option to deposit the account
Yes
I already restarted the device.
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled the app.
And again the problem persists
No
The game has been installed recently
The game was newly installed
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My name is esse
I am doing great.
I am not able to log in to PRS-ORG mobile
In my case in my account
The error is of login because it doesn't even show up to me
Only a dark image remains.
And then it just keeps loading
thank you for trying to solve this for me, I appreciate it very much.
Yes I'm using the PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
That is the ID that I was using
NAME-M
the email is EMAIL
i was already taken care of in the protocol PHONENUMBER
it didn’t help.
the game simply shuts down every time I open it
whether by PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG
I already reinstalled, I already did everything
and it still won't open up,
of the black screen
Exactly.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-M.
I'm NAME-M and was talking with PRS-ORG when the window closed.
It is a pleasure as well.
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins, but I didn't even select the difficulty.
My energy went down and I lost coins without fighting the draft.
Can you help me?
EMAIL
Thank you
Unfortunately this does not solve the problem.
There are no rewards once the draft hasn't even been played, but PRS-ORG took away my 15 thousand coins.
There is nothing else you can do to assist me.
Too bad.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Unfortunately I'm not very well.
my account is advertising my players and items in PRS-ORG
he is making a sale and purchase without me asking !!!!
I don't know if someone is logging into my account or if it's some kind of bug
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you to indicate your name, please?
My name is NAME-M.
My e-mail of the account is saying that it does not exist
PRS-ORG
However, let me in
My email is EMAIL
I just want to recover the account
In PRS-ORG it enters normal.
In the PRS-ORG app
No.
I believe so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-F
I can't carry out the payment of the packages, it's not authorized even though I have credit in the card
EMAIL
usually passes the card
seconds later
the purchase is cancelled
I tried 2 different credit cards.
What should I do?
Should I try again later?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
My name is Indiano de Merda
I'm going to take it in your ass, you piece of shit!
That company should have exploded with all of you inside, I am going to kill you
This game has a disgusting handicap.
Always favouring the worst ones.
If the son of a bitch plays badly or has a shitty team the problem is his damn problem.
Then you fuck up the shit of the game with this handicap.
Tell me, NAME-N, do you have no shame working in this company???
Don't you have any shame to work for PRS-ORG?
How long does it take for you to respond to a simple question?
My question is: do you not have any shame in working for PRS-ORG?
It is a very simple question: yes or no?
Well-based hahaha you were brainwashed, my friend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hi good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Is there any link that I could get into?
To not use the app
I managed to access the link, but can I play PRS-ORG through this application?
Hey there, nice to meet you.
Same thing on PRS-ORG
How so?
:C
When I click on PRS-ORG, it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, but there are options to download PRS-ORG
Can't do it with PRS-ORG?
Oh my God
and now?
I already uninstalled and installed it and nothing.
So I open the PRS-ORG program that is installed on the computer, but it opens PRS-ORG that does not load and the game does not open
I'll restart, hopefully that will do the trick
I'm desperate
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, how are you?
so, since last week I have had speed lag problems
but my connection is good and the servers are working too
I do not know if the video was attached
I normally connect to the servers, I can enter PRS-ORG
However, when entering the match, some red signals appear in the upper corner of the screen
and it freezes everything, and suddenly everything is super fast
the ping is always between 30 and 40
but different signals in red appear in the top corner of the screen
I don't know if I was able to understand
then my problem probably is with my internet provider right?
unfortunately
Jesus, what a mess
not was that right, thanks a lot
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you indicate your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
Yes
I bought the pass today at 16:00 but it hasn't been released, I've been sending proofs since then and talking with the attendant to resolve the problem.
Now they have asked me to talk on the live chat
Could you explain the steps to me
Since when I sign out I have to do everything all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
good afternoon
and Portuguese
Hi.
oh my god kkkkkkkkkk
I didn't know that language
Then NAME-N
but I don't know the email for these c[codes
how chic
I can send you the email of the account that I am talking with you now
but that's not the account with the expansions I'm referring to
My email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
Good night
I would like to know how to access PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, and I've been playing it all day and I couldn't get it
is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
thank you, also, in the transfer page, it appears that my PRS-ORG account still does not have access
NAME-M, I have to be able to get the access by playing
lucky me, I thought NAME-M had been banned without NAME-F, haha.
thank you ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I opened a service call and yesterday an email arrived saying it was finished
But the rewards that were supposed to come never did
EMAIL
Oshi here is different for me
The reviewed it and was credited the coins to my account
And how can I add something from the game to my account and you can't do anything?
So what is the point of having you?
We pay so much for a game and when we request help they can't solve it for me
And I still end up losing out
I want a solution
And what happens if I'm left at a loss?
Look, if we have to figure this out, I don't accept it
How do I get the content from the account back and I am left at a loss?
And an email arrived saying it worked out that it was a mistake and the game coins would be added in the account?
Something is not right
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Will I have to purchase PRS-ORG again?
The order history shows that the status of the PRS-ORG has failed.
hello, nice to meet you
on the app of my card it shows that the payment is in progress
but because of the status in the order history showing it failed I was in doubt
another question, the value will be returned to my credit card right?
I am not at risk of having two PRS-ORGs,
Perfect, thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, please tell me your name.
My name is NAME-M.
Good evening
I hope you are doing well
Is it possible to transfer a game, PRS-ORG to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I was disappointed because I couldn’t access the web App
It says I do not have a club
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I bought a pack in the store today that was worth .25.000 that came with a loan icon and 5 players 82+, however I received another one that was totally different from the description.
I have never had a problem with this before
date of purchase: today at 15:48
I understood.
will i receive the correct package?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please indicate your name for me?
Hello, I was being served, but it fell off.
Case ID PHONENUMBER
Game does not start due to PRS-ORG problems.
I have already followed the attendant's instructions regarding uninstallation and reinstallation of the anticheat and initializing PRS-ORG as admin, but it did not solve it
EMAIL
Ok, solved the problem.
It worked.
The game started working again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you tell me your name please?
Good evening
NAME-M
my name is NAME-M
I have my PRS-ORG transfer market blocked
I am a PRS-ORG customer since PRS-ORG 18.
But I was from the PRS-ORG platform and this year I bought for the PRS-ORG
NAME-N
Sure
Thanks!
tool outage?
what is that?
Ahh okay
I’m going to call you guys again in a while.
Thank you very much NAME-M
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
So, I bought a PRS-ORG from American stores in a promotion that came with the PRS-ORG, and when the product came to me, I activated the code to download the game, made the redemption, but the game didn't appear for me to download it.
NAME-N shows up on the PRS-ORG to make a purchase.
then I contacted the store support and they asked to speak with you
that
I'm unable to download the game through the activation code that came to me from the voucher
EMAIL
The code is not with me, I need to go and get it.
NAME-F will forward this
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
good evening
I can't install the PRS-ORG
I click to install and the installation process doesn't start
it closes automatically
correct
the PRS-ORG application does not start, nor does the setup to install
I already tried downloading another setup or restarting the PC, downloaded the system updates but until now nothing worked
Nothing happens
I click on the PRS-ORG setup and it just doesn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I wanted to solve a problem with my login in the PRS-ORG draft
In the Security Check where the words to copy appear
I try again and again and it doesn't work
I am having trouble logging in
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello Manas!
It's me again, I talked with you recently about my old PRS-ORG account being linked to my PRS-ORG account, but the same message keeps appearing even after three hours, is that normal?
I'm the NAME-M!!
I opened the support ticket with you around 20:30 more or less.
However, the message still persisted even after you disconnected the PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG account
Okay!
I'll be waiting!
I can try again tomorrow morning!
If it's not solved, I'll try contact you again, ok?
Very neat!!
I'll look into the website that you sent me, thank you very much again for helping me!
I'd like to apologize for all this problems haha, I feel like I am troubling you!
Thank you very much!!
It was a pleasure to receive your help again with the problem I'm having!
I hope that by tomorrow morning it is already disconnected from the old PRS-ORG!
whenever I enter the game the world PRS-ORG does not appear
every time I enter the game the world PRS-ORG does not appear
I already cleared the caches for the PRS-ORG app.
o The PRS-ORG opens normally
whenever I enter the game, the PRS-ORG world does not appear.
And whenever I clear the cache of the PRS-ORG app, the PRS-ORG comes up for download
EMAIL
besides the cloudy weather here ,
I'm crazy to be able to play that new pack and so far it is only sadness
I just received a number
Key to case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you tell me your name, please?
NAME-F
My game of The PRS-ORG is not loading...
A "save" downloading error appears
I accessed the game through the PRS-ORG
NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
That is it now!
I restarted the game and the game application
Thank you very much for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon NAME-M.
How are you doing?
I made a request for a withdrawal but noticed it was denied and I didn't receive the reason
Could you please see what the problem was for me?
Is the code the bank number?
Because I have filled in that item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know
I will try to make another order
Thank you
No.
Thank you.
Good evening
Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
First off, can you give me your name, please?
My name is NAME-N
Friend, please
I won a match on WL and my opponent is insulting me in the PRS-ORG chat
I attached some images, I don't know if you were able to read
I received offenses of a xenophobic nature, swearing at me and calling me NAME-N
I received a death threat "you will die".
I received vulgar insults like in the image.
His ID is "NAME-N".
The blessed one created 3 secondary accounts and is sending me messages there, saying that he is going to get me banned
Please help me, these attitudes are inadmissible
I attached it before starting the live chat
How do I input this here?
I have 4 images.
PRS-ORG
Do you need the images as well?
I have the print of the conversation and all his sendings
Okay
I will do that now
Thanks
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Nice to meet you.
hello. I am trying to access PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG 18 but it says my account is currently blocked.
asks for you to log in to the console that I played the game on but I no longer have access to the same one.
for which you tell me to contact PRS-ORG Help
Certainly
ok now the message that it's blocked and asks me to choose a security question does not appear, so I think that the problem is solved.
yes I was able to enter.
thank you very much for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I opened several rare megapackages today that showed as negotiable, but they were actually non-negotiable
This really affected me (discard players, time, etc)
I have attached a video showing that
I would like to know what is going to be done about this
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you indicate your name to me please?
Hello good day
Yesterday I made the purchase of PRS-ORG
I have a question about the content
Do the items in the promotion get put in straight away or just when the game launches?
It turns out that the PRS-ORG points and other items did not drop
Can you kindly inform me?
From PRS-ORG
Access was consolidated
However, the items were not included
Ok thank you
Good afternoon, I have a problem checking my documentation.
A verification of account was requested by e-mail after I requested a cash withdrawal worth 200 reais
I sent all the documents and now they are asking for a copy of my credit cards
But the cards that I was using were virtual ones.
And they've already expired, and many payments weren't even approved.
I have never had problems with PRS-ORG, I am not happy
What do I do?
No, just that.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
Good day
NAME-M
So, I am running PRS-ORG with a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card and 24GB of ram.
Although my configurations are higher than what is recommended by PRS-ORG to play the game, it crashes a lot.
Many people are complaining.
I would like to know if the PRS-ORG is aware of the problem and if they already have a solution.
I haven't received any error.
What is happening is that I am inside a match, the screen freezes and then the game goes back at a very high speed, looking like it's in PRS-ORG
Furthermore, PRS-ORG is using around 80% of my video card to run.
That is not normal
It's okay
I will check and get back to you.
I just wanted it to be recorded that this problem is happening to several people.
It's not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use 80% of the graphics card
Thank you
Hello
Only that
Thank you.
Hug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M, my name is James NAME-M
Well, I recently purchased PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I started the game and was greeted with the error that my game needed the internet?
Which was strange, since I was connected to the internet.
but after searching, I found out I need a key to enter the game
I am not able to create an account
In this case, I cannot create an account within PRS-ORG
NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
That's how it is, recently I was banned from the transfer market in the PRS-ORG, just in the web app, and now I'm banned from the market in all platforms for using the trade site
I confess that I used a trade site but it was for a short period
And it wasn't to benefit me
Yes
But I think I was banned unjustly
Why I had removed the site from my account
Because I thought it was unfair to use the website
And I think that I was banned because my account also recently had suspicious activity
And you ended up changing the password of my account saving the
Email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I please have your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-F
I had a question, I have all the PRS-ORG in my pc, if I subscribe to the PRS-ORG can I link them in the PRS-ORG?
or do I need to buy all of them again?
not the progress, but the expansions
Because I spend about 5000 reais in all the expansions and extras on the pc PRS-ORG
It would be difficult to spend all that now on a console
Are there just the base game or the expansions too?
all right, thank you
NAME-M yes, you are welcome!!
have a good weekend
I have a PRS-ORG that is having issues with the screen, half of it has scratches and I can't read the texts.
I would like to exchange the screen, however I am in Brazil and there are no PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to fix this screen, even if it costs me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandma's house,
I already had tried before the pandemic, I think I'll continue trying to find someone who can do it for me.
Anyway, thank you very much.
For you too
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
Unfortunately I am not well; I am very upset.
I was threatened and the player also subjected me to psychological torture
Using low words for my family
If I exhausted myself at some point because he himself began threatening me and desiring terrible things
Yes.
But it was abusive that the player told me in the chat of the game PRS-ORG
The photo attached was the beginning as he reported
I am deeply shaken and I am already going to call my psychologist and he really did shake me a lot.
I'm feeling very bad, I have a daughter
He wished bad things to me and my daughter as a father and I love my daughter
I'm feeling totally down, I don't have the strength to get out of bed because of what he did
closer
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
I am not succeeding
to use PRS-ORG points
I mean, you can't open packs with them
it's that I was surprised
why do some youtubers/streamers have it and others don't
opening packs with PRS-ORG points
kind of like how the URL is right now opening packs with PRS-ORG points
ok
thank you
The data for PRS-ORG, Transferência, Boleto… any option.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name, please?
Hi!
My name is NAME-F
I'm having problems with purchases in the PRS-ORG app.
I tried buying some PRS-ORG packages several times, without success
Can you help me?
I am not able to process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill in the full name and CPF but it doesn't generate the order
So I am unable to pay
The charge of the value is not generated
Then I cannot pay.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG user
DONE!
The last attempt generated an order in spam.
It worked!
Thank you!
PRS-ORG doesn't load in a part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide me with your name?
Good day.
Nice to meet you!
Both my system version (PRS-ORG) and the game are up to date!
No.
It starts and I played until a certain part of Episode 8.
started and I played until little more than half of episode 8.
However, when I tried to start from where I stopped inside episode 8, it didn't load!!
There are no errors showing up!
The game simply crashes when I try to load from where I left off!!
The screen goes dark and the icon indicative of the game loading stops!
Then I need to close the application!!
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, good evening.
So then.
Yesterday I made an improvement of icon mid / prime it is with an error of the game itself I thought it was a player choice
but when I looked it was a normal package
I would like to know if there is a way to return my players, because if it weren't for the translation error, I would not have made the package
ok
but will there be some kind of reimbursement for the players I spent?
Because I spent many players and coins
just one more doubt about this matter
the PRS-ORG team will contact you through the game
or some social network?
ok
I’ll wait then
thank you for the support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask your name, please?
Hi, good morning.
I’m having a transfer problem on the PRS-ORG
I try to buy players in the auction pq I can buy them cheaper .
And then I see him for a higher price but all through the game with no program
And like that my transfer window was blocked
I also use PRS-ORG points.
I try to play the game as well as possible because I like the game a lot
I'm not able to place bids on the players anymore
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you doing?
I made the dme craque do futuro (soccer star of the future)
And the 4 options were all totw
Yes
I made the PRS-ORG of the future
Which gives you 4 choices
Only that all of the options came from a week selection
I chose NAME-N
But it should come with future craque options
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
The PRS-ORG game crashes constantly.
I already reinstalled it, I already read other options in different forums.
My PC meets the recommended requirements
and nothing changes the behavior of the game, even though my PC meets the recommended requirements
At this moment I am even talking to my father, who is an IT specialist
I will try it and then I will say something
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
I made the purchase of 12,000 PRS-ORG points and have not received them
Order number: ALPHANUMERICID
Order date: Mar 12.
of 2022 13:37:00 BRT
I bought through the PRS-ORG Companiop app.
Companion
They just walked in
Received the PRS-ORG points
Thank you for the help.
PRS-ORG#1 through #7
and I just looked here, I didn't retrieve the PRS-ORG #4, but the others I did
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
My name is NAME-M
I would like help because I have been redeeming the rewards of the PRS-ORG for months, so when I buy it I can already have a few packs.
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, there was only 1
EMAIL
but I received 1, I just don't know which one it was
I have a print if you want, that shows that it was rescued, but it’s not on the gaming
Via PRS-ORG/ PC
I didn't play when I was rescuing the points, because I only bought the game yesterday
I would only pick it up to have some packs when I bought it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
So, on May 31st, I bought PRS-ORG coins and did not receive them. I asked for a refund by PRS-ORG and everything was ok on June 02nd. I tried to buy again and did not receive my items and I could not receive a refund. I tried to talk to the PRS-ORG support and was denied. I tried to talk to the PRS-ORG support and they closed my case and gave it as concluded (nothing was resolved). I tried again to talk to the PRS-ORG support and they sent me to an advanced team and nothing was done. Now I am trying again to talk to PRS-ORG to solve this. I have been without my item and without my money since the 02nd.
Please respond to me
is it no longer enough for the company not to offer any support, the operators as well?
Yes, I have been with the problem since the beginning of the month
I have already entered
and AGR?
my god in heaven
that takes time
I have already done this damn you
fuck this shit company tamejm
I hope you fuck yourself
fucking shit company
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
Name-M
Hi
Hi
good afternoon
sorry for the delay
I'm having packet loss, only in PRS-ORG
in no other game.
Ok
And how do I solve this?
:(
Already solved.
thank you very much <3
That's all, thanks a lot man.
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
My PRS-ORG points that I bought did not fall
I made the payment and it was deducted
But it still hasn't dropped in the game
So?
Today
I am watching.
I put it in my cart to buy the pass
No.
I always bought them directly through the game shop.
And it always falls at the same time
I can't wait 24 hours for the pass to come out
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you to tell me your name please?
I have a problem with the PRS-ORG app
For months the application has been offline and does not show the list of friends
And with this I can not play with my friends online
I have tried some firewall steps.
I have watched several videos about the error
but none of them worked for me
I'll try it
Will I have to restart my PC to complete the steps?
If it works, thank you already
Bye.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Why can’t you match the teams with the same level as mine?
It seems like I only play with pro players.
This is demotivating
Straight this happens, it seems like it's on purpose
Yes please
I am not able to play
I play every day, I am a loyal player.
But it's like it happens right away, it's not normal.
The opponents with bugged plays, using the game's flaws
Doing 2 to 3 touches on the ball and make the goal
High level players and I'm not
No problem
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M. To start, can you please give me your name?
I'm having a problem with PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the steering wheel
and if I remove the assistance during the race I can not turn the car with the steering wheel
it just goes straight ahead even if it turns to one of the sides
with the command the car turns beautifully
I do not know if it can be making a confusion because it has both devices connected (controller and wheel)
Yes.
be quick
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, please can you give me your name?
Hello
NAME-M
I am having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
in PRS-ORG I played in PRS-ORG and I am now in PRS-ORG series x and throughout the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account with the PRS-ORG account and logged into my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the web app of ALPHANUMERICID I started the game thinking that I would be with my PRS-ORG account and I kept playing, doing dme, opening packs and winning coins.
However, upon the release of the PRS-ORG Alphanumeric preview, when I logged into PRS-ORG I noticed that I was playing on PRS-ORG and no longer had access to the console.
I would like some help with this
ent todo o meu progresso nesses dias eu nao estou tendo acesso
PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you.
I have a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
I was playing PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG and I am on PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already unlinked my PRS-ORG account with the one of PRS-ORG and logged in my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the web app of ALPHANUMERICID I started playing the game thinking I would be with my PRS-ORG account and I continued playing, doing DME, opening packs and getting coins.
However, with the launch of the preview of ALPHANUMERICID of PRS-ORG, when I logged in to PRS-ORG, I realized that I was playing on PRS-ORG and I don't have more access to this console.
I wanted some help with this
in every my progress in these days I am not having access
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Would you prefer in Portuguese or English?
I bought the PRS-ORG pro.
This is the 3rd consecutive year that I play PRS-ORG.
The game won't start.
It seems that there is a problem with the anti-cheat PRS-ORG
I have already installed the game 3 times, and I have already run it as administrator
Nothing seems to solve it
Thank you
I've already tried to manually install the anti cheat and the installation failed
Ok so I'm waiting for it.
Thanks for your time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please let me know your name?
hello NAME-M, good evening!
I was buying a PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and the game was selling for 303 reais in the ultimate version
However, I was trying to buy it and it wasn't going through and at one point an error message came up saying there had been many attempts to buy it
so I tried again because it asked me to wait a while to buy again
and the price rose to 341
I would even buy it at this price, but I only have 305 reais, adding what I have in pix and the rest in the PRS-ORG wallet
Uh, I understand... so you won't be able to help me in this case?
so
yes, that's right
I tried to buy it in several ways and it gave an error
then i waited the time
and the price was not the same anymore
it was 40 reais more expensive
now I don't have the money to make the purchase
I joined your program for R$20 and have been playing since 20:00.
but its ending
now I cannot buy it because the price went up kkk
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name, please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Good afternoon, NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on September 25th through PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I went to play I had a problem with PRS-ORG.
I was able to solve the problem, but I have been trying to open the PRS-ORG for almost 24 hours, but it opens in a small black window and then closes.
How can I help you?
Do you know if there is anything I can do?
do you have any forecast of when it will be ready?
I understand
thank you for your help at the PRS-ORG help desk, my name is NAME-M
I will await an update in the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-N, how are you?
I am NAME-M.
Exactly, I was playing normally yesterday!
During a game the game froze and the match was closed... since then I can not find opponents any more.
I spoke with some colleagues of mine and they said they were finding opponents without any problems
Okay, thanks a lot!!
no opponent was found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears:
Ah yes, thank you very much!!!
It helped a lot, I just did what was requested
I will try to find an opponent
The same error appeared
No problem, if there is anything else I can do
Thanks for being available
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
I was trying to solve the problem PHONENUMBER
I just talked to NAME-M and even cleaning up the PRS-ORG's cache, verifying the internet and restarting the computer, the problem persists
When I try to enter PRS-ORG, the following message appears:
Sorry, but there was an error in the connection with PRS-ORG.
You will then be redirected to the main menu of PRS-ORG.
Just the one I cited above
And when I can log in the game, I touch my squad and I got this message:
There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Please try again later.
I wanted to link to get the PRS-ORG benefits in PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I used to have a linked account from PRS-ORG
however I recently have another
however, I can’t link it
because it says that a vinculada one already exists
only that I have already unlinked and it has been more than 6 months which is the said deadline
EMAIL
OK, I THINK IT IS NOW VINCULATED
however since I had already redeemed it
How can I withdraw again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
Good day, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
Please see if you can assist me, if you would be so kind.
I have an account that I have been using for more than 5 years and I have a lot of points and XP.
My girlfriend created this account to gift me the edition of PRS-ORG.
I would like to know if it is possible to unify both accounts.
But there is no way to unify both accounts?
So that I use only one?
I have this account that I always use
And that account that was created yesterday
It would suffice to just unify the account
If the PRS-ORG goes to my account, everything will be alright
How may I help you?
Is the progress in PRS-ORG that you're referring to?
I don’t mind either.
Is it alright if I start a new game?
I understand.
I appreciate it anyway
Have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
Firstly, can you please state your name for me?
May I know your name, please?
Equally.
I rent a server from PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG for $29.50 every week, today I went to extend the rental and on the “request and pay” screen it got stuck on “loading” and the game crashed, not PRS-ORG.
The value was debited from my account, but the server was not extended.
The rent of the server was not entered, it has already expired, can you help me please?
EMAIL
Thank you, I'm waiting.
Hi sorry, I already spoke to the PRS-ORG and they told me to speak to you, besides, I can see here that there are online servers
Paid*
Some paid servers are online yes
PRS-ORG does not want to take responsibility since it says that they received the value of the purchase and confirmed the same
Remember that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
Good day, once again I come to demand that you validate the account.
The deadline you offered has already expired in 2 days, and I still wait for you in a polite way.
However, I have money to withdraw and I am unable to place bets; I would like a bit of attention and speed in solving the case.
Sincerely,
NAME-F
I hope that helps, since I haven't had that from you lately, unfortunately.
I hope you are different!
Thank you NAME-M.
However, the deadline has already expired and I would appreciate your attention!
Everything was sent correctly and appropriately.
I understand the security rules and I agree with them, but I am being wronged in this matter.
Thank you, but I have already received this message from you this week.
I am still waiting.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I ask you your name please?
NAME-M
Hi good evening, is everything okay?
I'm trying to open the game PRS-ORG but it doesn't launch on my computer and I get an error:
Double-check your connection, or try again later
but I am connected
and my pc meets all the minimum requirements
EMAIL
it is a test version linked to the PRS-ORG from the pc
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may you please provide your name?
My name is NAME-M
NAME-M, I'm fine.
Thank you. I have the PRS-ORG which gives access to the PRS-ORG library.
Right?
I play through the PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how I can play PRS-ORG since I can't find it in the PRS-ORG catalog.
I access the PRS-ORG games via the PRS-ORG website.
But, I don't find ALPHANUMERICID there
A friend of mine told me that I can play PRS-ORG because I have PRS-ORG.
But, is this only for those who have the console or can I play through the PRS-ORG, through the browser (PRS-ORG)?
I'll try to simplify: I am a subscriber of PRS-ORG.
Can I only play PRS-ORG games if I have a PRS-ORG console?
Or can I play PRS-ORG by using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
Hello NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I'm talking to PRS-ORG.
It told me to attach an image to the case, but I think I ended up opening a new one
Opa, então, é que o problema já está sendo visto
Then I think if I open a new one, it will cause confusion.
I'm going to finish the chat here
Not for now, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: the conquest PRS-ORG n libera
The PRS-ORG conquest does not liberate
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
For the love of god release my conquest, I've been playing for 91 hours and the game is bugged
I'm going to cry sir.
even though I am doing the requirements
I have been playing for 91 hours
Please help me
kkkk
Brazilian Portuguese: ola
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
I would like to know if in the new update of the PRS-ORG the problem was resolved with running only in safe mode
in PRS-ORG
no
was
to solve this I had to install PRS-ORG again
but I want to go back to PRS-ORG and for that I need to know if the problem was solved with the new update
but it was the right problem with security mode?
I speak because I am going to have to format my PC, I need you to confirm this for me
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
wagner
I spent a resource on PRS-ORG but I cannot use it
I used up 20 stars moments
on one token
but there is no way to switch
and the game does not inform anything about that
wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thank you!
I'm having trouble playing The PRS-ORG
I own the 64-bit Metal version for MacOS
The game works super well on the computer, even with the graphics at the maximum definition
However, the game suddenly closes
It doesn’t show an error or anything like that
It just closes
Look, that is really all the information.
During the execution, the game simply closes, and nothing happens after that.
The game runs well.
It just shuts down during the game
Sometimes it closes 10 minutes after playing, sometimes 1 hour later.
There is no rule
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
That’s all for today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M.
I am having problems starting the game
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile the screen goes black and closes
I can log in yes
I meant the profile inside the game
EMAIL
I am going to try this method
If it doesn't work, I'll return here!
But for now thank you very much.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you please provide your name?
Hi, NAME-M
I have a problem connecting to the servers
I'm having a connection issue with PRS-ORG servers.
It's asking me to reset my password and I have already done that
And it doesn't accept connecting
No
The problem is in the connection with PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I'm fine, thank you, and how about you?
My pleasure.
So, my the PRS-ORG was updated normally on the 14th if I'm not mistaken, when they released the babies in the game.
Items for them appear there, but in CAS, that stage doesn't count.
Appear normally babies, child, etc.
That's it, the life stage itself does not appear.
I tried to reinstall the game, but even so the stage in the PRS-ORG doesn't exist.
As attached in the image.
I understand!
Thank you for clarifying!
That was all it was, thank you!
Have a good afternoon
Thanks, take care NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I get your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
can you see my previous conversations with other PRS-ORG advisors?
it helped a lot...
right
NAME-F I tried one where I had to install PRS-ORG
another was to clear cache
Another one was to clear the cache
Another had to do with background applications
NAME-F I've been having this problem for 3/4 days
Hello?
Are you going to fuck it up, I lost because of this shitty server, take shame, greedy company, buy a better server, bunch of bitches.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
I lost the game because of the server trash, it takes a while to execute commands
son of a bitch
If you can't stand seeing a curse word, you are in the wrong business
and take it in the butt
Fuck off
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot?
I bought PRS-ORG today and when I went to play it forces me to connect an account, create or just log in to one that already exists
the issue is that I can't log on and neither create
and I really wanted to play
NAME-M yes, it's nice to know it's a human
Nice to meet you.
It is
I can't connect to the online version
Is it possible, even though the game is old?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I made the 90+ icon these days there I went to look for open on the console and it’s not there
it only appears in the companion app
I've restarted the console and everything
I went to check here now and it appeared again
It was not even by restarting, it appeared out of nowhere now, I had already made a case about it
NAME-M: I think they fixed it
NAME-M, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you indicate me your name please?
NAME-M
I need to know if, in some way, a correction for the PRS-ORG mode is already planned.
It simply stopped working friendly matches.
It presents an error when trying to play a friendly game, saying that the opponent has abandoned the match.
This has been occurring since 12/05
URL
In this link it is possible to see the error.
Detail, this is at a world level (since this video is not Brazilian), but it is exactly the same error.
And it is occurring on all platforms
In summary, yes.
The PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, just that.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, can you please provide me with your name?
NAME-M
I'm fine yes, how are you doing?
That still doesn't work.
However I understood that I have to wait
I would like to know if, in the meantime, you can't help me open it in the Webapp
to at least already have something to do
Ah yes
My question is
I only can access the Webapp after having opened the game at least 1 time
as the game is not opening due to an Anti Cheat error
Would you be able to enable me to open the Webapp before the game corrects this issue?
no, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you tell me your name, please?
I have a account on the PRS-ORG and am unable to log in
That's right.
It says the following: "Your credentials are incorrect or expired.
It says: "Your credentials are incorrect or expired. Try again or reset your password."
When I click on reset password, the following appears: "It was not possible to find your PRS-ORG account."
But I am trying to log in through the PRS-ORG program
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Yesterday I bought the Star pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points, but so far it hasn't been released in my account, but my PRS-ORG points were credited
I want to know what you are going to do about it
Why can't I be deceived in this way.
But I don't want to be refunded the PRS-ORG points
I just want the pass released
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you indicate me your name please?
NAME-M
I’m having an issue with a player’s draft, I’ve played two matches and then couldn’t start the third.
The following error appears: There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Please try again later.
I would like you to restart my draft manually if possible.
I am already here with this error for 3 days
Is it possible to restart my draft manually?
I think that's the only way to solve my problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
good night friend
I have not been playing since early on
every time a match ends I always make a mistake
I have called support here twice and they have not solved my problem.
the PRS-ORG servers cannot process the request at this moment
from this error
whenever the game ends it feels like i am disqualified from the game and I lose 3-0
I wanted to play
KKK
more blz
you have to take out that soft ban thing right now at the token exchange event since the match ends with the first goal
it was just that
thank you
send some tokens for the inconvenience
of that strength haha
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I am having problems, I got in touch earlier today to try to solve it, they gave me some options and I was unable to resolve it
and the situation got worse
I need help
I'm not able to play PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
23
cf
EMAIL
The first error
it is the app of PRS-ORG
The app could not connect to the servers
NAME-M the PRS-ORG normally
PRS-ORG normally can connect to the servers
but when I try to play a match in any mode of the PRS-ORG it disconnects and leaves the mode
NAME-M will be open?
I am using the chat on the PC where I play
Good night,
I purchased a book at PRS-ORG and after beginning to read it, I noticed that the book is in PT-BR and not PT-PT, which is what I wanted.
Unfortunately your store does not make a distinction, but reading makes a huge difference.
The book was "Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice" by NAME-F & NAME-F and I want to return or exchange the book for portuguese from Portugal.
I await the contact from your part.
Yours sincerely,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
By the way, is there any option to check if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
Then, here’s a suggestion for your improvement!
Thank you for your help!
Good morning.
Hi
I have a question about rollover.
What appears on the withdrawal tab and what they informed me on my email is the casino rollover.
However I took the sports promotion and only bet on sports so far
Can you see that?
Ah, right
I'm asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
In case I really have beat the rollover, can I already do it?
Thank you very much
I'm waiting for the email.
Only that
Good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and did not receive the PRS-ORG points
When syncing the PRS-ORG with my PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and there is nothing there
Record
The other versions came before that
Excuse me
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Thawan
Nice to meet you.
I don’t know if I’m in the right channel but I have a doubt.
I have been playing PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today they launched the futweb app.
When trying to enter the futweb it says that my account does not have a team in PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG, but how can my account not have a team if I've been playing PRS-ORG for the last 3 weeks?
Why can't I access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that
Now everything gets better explained.
That's all I have for you, NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the information and help
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First off, can you tell me your name please?
I am not able to log into my PRS-ORG account even after changing the password
EMAIL
I received it, what now?
and now?
**
The code is 535067
okay
Reset the password
ok, I will do it right now
gave the same error
Now it did
With the correct username.
Thank you so much
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I am having trouble playing my game on my PC, and I haven't been able to solve it for almost a week now.
I would like a refund if I can't play my game
I bought the game and when I start it says my PC is cheating.
Although my pc is new
And I don't use that kind of thing
I would like a solution or my money back
Correct, that's correct.
I bought it but can't start my game
Give me error 117
I would like to know if I will be able to play or if not, if I should get a refund.
Because I paid a lot of money for the game
But I don't even have the game's cache because I bought it and can't even start it
I have already tried that procedure
Also how do I make sure this doesn't happen again?
Why have I tried various ways
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please give me your name?
I can't access my companion app because it asks for verification with the email and the email doesn't reach my inbox
I already looked in the spam folder and nothing
I asked several times to have it re-sent and it does not arrive.
The verification option by app is not working either
Even in the PRS-ORG account through the website itself I cannot access
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Good afternoon.
I entered my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends, but the game is not available to play.
It shows how as if I have to buy again
But I already purchased it, in 2015
The value R$199.00 appears.
That is correct.
Is there nothing I can do apart from waiting?
NAME-M, thank you for your help.
I'll try to start by the .exe file and wait for the problem to be solved
That was it, there are no others.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you give me your name please?
Hello NAME-M Good evening.
Are you alright?
My name is NAME-M.
You’re welcome.
The pleasure is all mine.
So, a few years ago, I won the SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition, as a CD present.
The edition with 2 CDs, currently I am trying to install the same in my new notebook but I cannot because it is not compatible with the PRS-ORG, through the CD it does not start.
I tried to add it to my Games library in PRS-ORG but the code is invalid.
I would like to recover it in order to be able to install it at least through PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, since the CD is no longer compatible
Yes, I still have the original 2 disks and the license code of it
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
I can't buy anything in the transfer market by the Web App
The following message appears:
An error occurred while trying to complete the search.
Try again in a few seconds.
No, only when trying to buy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, may I know your name please?
Hi
I am having a problem with PRS-ORG
the game opens the PRS-ORG, opens the launcher of PRS-ORG
I click play
and nothing happens
literally nothing happens
I have already contacted before and was told to follow some steps
I did everything and it still came out the same.
EMAIL
thanks
It used to appear a dll error with the ALPHANUMERICID code
I downloaded the dll I needed and placed it in its proper place
since then there was no error
however, the game also never starts
If it doesn’t solve it I will contact you again, thank you for now
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My goals of the PRS-ORG promotion have not been updated in the Game
This is stopping me from completing the whole trail and picking up the rewards
The promotion had its cards updated yesterday
The objectives didn't come out yesterday
Some friends had their goals released today at 11:30 Horario Br
And mine did not update
This is why I can't complete the track.
Ok
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERICID
It is happening
Why do I not have the objectives available
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please tell me your name?
Hello!
My name is NAME-M, good evening
I need help, please
I play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
I can't stay on LINE no matter what.
The qr code appears asking to reset the PRS-ORG account password, but it does not work.
Sure.
EMAIL
I would like to report that I cannot download any games from PRS-ORG.
It pauses automatically and there’s an error
No.
Through PRS-ORG's app and PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
It pauses the download progress and takes time to resume.
I would like to know what I have to do to resolve this problem.
I want to play the PRS-ORG games on my computer
I have already done this procedure and it didn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon,
My name is NAME-F
Thank you! :)
Then, I have 3 CDs of dlc to the PRS-ORG and the game base, it's quite old and was bought in the USA.
When I tried to install it a few months ago, it did not work and it said that it needed an update, but after searching online I never found the update.
I was thinking about looking for the game to buy online somewhere, but I noticed that PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore, is there any way to buy it somehow?
In this computer where I'm now I don't have a CD reader so I can't start the installation to be able to show you the print of what happens :(
But if it's necessary, I can send a photo of the CDs
Wow, it's such a popular game, that's sad :(
Ok, thanks for the answer.
Have a good night :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My game won't open
I did the step-by-step process the boy sent me
But it does not work
Do you want to access my pc through the team viewer?
I can't stand it anymore, I've already tried everything
I was almost asking for a refund but I wanted to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
It opens everything in black and closes
But my PRS-ORG does not freeze
Only the game that does not open
Do you want to access via Team Viewer?
It might be something missing from the PC or it won't let me open it
But I already tried a lot of things and nothing works
Hello.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you introduce yourself please?
I'm not able to purchase PRS-ORG
It's giving an error
I'm not able to purchase the PRS-ORG
Unable to process your action
It was not possible to process your order at this time due to a problem with your indicated payment method.
Please try using a different payment method to complete your order, or please try again later
Hello there!
I can only pay with pix
I accessed*
Good afternoon, is the platform unstable?
I'm trying to use it and it won't open any of the casino games, it just goes black, I tried a different platform and it worked fine
I am trying to use the platform and it won't open any games
I have already cleared data and cash and nothing
I restarted my phone and it doesn't work
I never had a problem operating the amulet
Are you aware of any instability in the system?
That's all
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello, now very bad, I made the pre-purchase of the PRS-ORG, and I just saw that it was in the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought it from EMAIL
the one I used for PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG was on EMAIL
i was even using the web app
I was using on the PRS-ORG, but this time I bought directly on the PRS-ORG
which was linked with the PRS-ORG account
I am very sad.
that is why it wasn't showing up
I use (EMAIL) as my primary account since 2020.
I'm already using the PRS-ORG web app on it and everything
Plus, what about the refund on the card?
You can cancel it then
I don't know if I will have a limit to play at launch after the refund
very sad
only*
That's it thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Safe
My dear this is a lack of respect for the customer, I requested a withdrawal of R $ 1000 before the R $ 200, the R $ 200 fell first than the R $ 1000
I’ve been talking about this since this morning and the refund isn’t falling
Since the early hours, this is why I'm stopping playing here, the PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay on time.
Sad
I like the site and the platform but,every time we win it's a lengthy delay of time.
Pix today is way too quick
I'm in a compromise waiting since this morning to solve
Waiting to enter this money that is mine, I lost a night of sleep and invested my money
It is in English buddy
My God
I don't believe it
This is why I am stopping
I'll receive it and I'll talk to the people in the channel about it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I'm needing help to refund a recurrent purchase that I made, which is already in my card...
Could you assist me?
Yes!
My e-mail is EMAIL
Just one minute so I can get the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I'm not mistaken.
Verification number: 635822
I made two purchases and I want to cancel just one, if it's possible ... because the game is already being downloaded.
Thank you so much!
That was what I wanted to resolve.
Thank you in advance!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I ask your name, please?
NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and I have been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a 41% completed campaign. My wife started playing another game and to not bother her, I decided to install the same game using the same account on my PC, but my save does not appear, even though I have the same user.
What am I doing wrong?
So even using the same account, I can't use my save?
Do I have to start completely from scratch?
But don't we make saves on the cloud?
NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope this evolves, as it would be very useful for us players.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I am writing a text with my case
So, I have been playing PRS-ORG for a few years but never played online. I bought the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and decided to play PRS-ORG. These days, I tried to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and noticed that I had no access and was not aware of the email and password of my PRS-ORG account.
I have access to the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
The account I'm talking about is this one, I was able to access it with PRS-ORG
But I am afraid of losing it because I do not know the email of the PRS-ORG account
And also for this reason I can't link the account to PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I updated the application on my PRS-ORG, but I can't access my PRS-ORG account.
Could you help me, please?
EMAIL
I used to use the PRS-ORG reads from the Cultura bookstore
well, let's try again, but it's giving me an invalid password
It seems to have now.
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
good evening
My name is NAME-M.
I have Bf 2042 ultimate edition, and my 3.3 update rewards are not in the game
more or less
my reward is missing
No.
Is it the reward of update 3.3.
the one of March
8th of March to be exact.
thank you girl
Is there any prediction?
No.
a good evening to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, could you please provide me your name?
NAME-M
I have a question I played PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG but now I am considering buying the game for the pc
My question is,
and about the 23
because I would like to know if I am obliged to buy x for PRS-ORG or buy for pc
I keep my PRS-ORG stuff
okey thank you
I'm waiting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you to indicate your name, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Is it possible to play with my PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG?
That is not the case
I want to use the PRS-ORG account I have in PRS-ORG
on another device using the PRS-ORG
okay but please answer the previous question
ok shit clown
sorry
I made a mistake.
I do not need anything else, thank you
good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello, I just contacted you.
So I went to the PRS-ORG and they told me to come back again
NAME-M
Yes
If you want I can repeat the messages
Hello, I just got in contact.
Then I went to PRS-ORG and they sent me back again
I just want to redo the order that I had placed, which was cancelled without them even trying to charge my Nubank card
And I am only trying it here because, for some reason, just after I tried to buy again, the charge from the store went from 149 to 166 reais... at that moment!
I want to keep the price and pay, whether it's via pix, by card, as you prefer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start with, may I have your name please?
NAME-F
Is ALPHANUMERICID doing well?
I am doing the new PRS-ORG update on the PC
However, she ends, it appears that the update finished and then it shows up again to be updated
Before starting the chat, I attached 03 print screens of my screen, I don't know if you can see it
Right.
Even after it is done, it asks again and won't open the game.
I have already uninstalled and installed the game again, but with no success.
Okay, thank you for your help.
How do I do this cleaning?
I am already doing it, one minute
It worked!!!
Thank you so much!!
I didn't know how to clear the cache in the app.
Hello NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please provide me your name?
I want a phone number to call and talk to someone
There are no explanations for what they do in my account
Game after game, I'm playing against the handicap
and the disgusting script of PRS-ORG
This is unacceptable, completely unacceptable
this number is working,
It says that it is not available
They had already given me this number and it never works
Can you solve this?
is that it is absurd
It's disgusting to play this game in this way at this time, it's impossible
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, look.
I have reached the maximum number of clubs on PRS-ORG and I would like to know if you can give me more attempts to delete my club.
I spoke to an advisor before.
My account that I use to play is:
EMAIL
Thank you
That was the problem.
Thank you
I bought the "Aliança do Paraíso" book, downloaded the app, opened the book on Sunday, today in the morning I entered the app but the content of the books did not open, I updated the app and now it says that my email was not located.
I ask for an immediate resolution or refund of my payment.
Please respond to me via email
EMAIL
Purchase 03/07 and 4 Alicerce do Paraiso books
Thank you, NAME-M, same to you
I was talking to NAME-M and it fell
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I am from PRS-ORG and I am unable to log into PRS-ORG
Every time at this same hour the servers for the PRS-ORG go offline
End of PRS-ORG and the servers can't support users, you urgently need to put another server in Brazil
I am not able to access PRS-ORG
It is stated that the server has a high volume of people
Regrettable
As a consumer, I am frustrated and hesitant to play PRS-ORG.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Hi. I was just talking to one of the representatives and ended up losing contact
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to request a refund of the PRS-ORG expansion
My email is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it because I needed the money to pay for other things
Hello?
Yes
I do have.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My expansions that I bought are not working
A few unlocked items have disappeared
EMAIL
Target detector
Locked weapon
This is indeed disappointing
PRS-ORG
Don't you have one?
The user's purchases?
Am I going to have to prove that I made the purchase?
If I have already played
Which images do I send
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you indicate your name for me please?
May I have your name please?
The alphanumeric save game is not working
I did the entire procedure you sent me yesterday, and the error continues
every time I open the game it is like it is the first time
Yes but you also lose the control configuration
The Choice of the Club
everything
Including the progress
and stopped at the end of December to do everything to fix this problem but without success
I even formatted the PC and installed it from scratch and it didn't solve it
I checked in the forums and it seems to be a problem that is affecting many people
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password
EMAIL
I see how long you can delay it.
Can I know if your parents are dead?
Your mother is a bitch and gave birth to something like you
you should go to ukraine to get the russian bomb, fuck your mother
bitch
I asked if his mother died and how she gave birth to someone like you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I have your name, please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account, the site crashes and I can't do it.
How to solve this?
Yes, every time I try, the site crashes and I can't access it
I press the button to connect the PRS-ORG account, and when I'm redirected to the website, it says that an error occurred and they were not able to complete my request
still there
NAME-N
this is the gamertag of the account I want to access
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Good morning
I am having problems
I bought Aston Martin Pack (PRS-ORG)
and the product does not appear to be used on the app
in game
September 15th 2022.
when I enter the package as if I were to acquire it again it says that the package is already yours
I still cannot use it
ok
I will try these tips
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I ask for your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello, how are you doing?
I would like help with the PRS-ORG dme
I have begun to make the dme but it requires cards that are outside of packs and are no longer available in the market
I already did 13 parts of the DME and now I cannot do the rest
I don't think it's fair to the players to keep a dme so expensive that it's impossible to do.
I would like to get the players back or get the missing ones in, in this case captains of PRS-ORG
Squad assembly challenge
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Hi!
Hi! My name is NAME-M
It's my pleasure!
So, my problem is that I am not able to buy my PRS-ORG points
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the PRS-ORG wallet
but I press to buy within the game and the purchase just doesn't happen
my money doesn't leave the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG points don't appear
How can we solve this?
No error message appears, it simply asks me to wait and nothing else happens
it only returns to the store without any PRS-ORG points and with the money still in the PRS-ORG wallet
OK, thank you very much!
I will try and if it doesn't solve, I will come back again
no, just that one thing!
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my account from PRS-ORG mobile
Could you reverse it?
It's meio triste
Is it yours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please provide your name?
Good day
My name is NAME-M
I am having problems to start PRS-ORG
My problem is that when I start PRS-ORG, my screen freezes and I can't do anything else
I have to restart my PC
and I try again and it's the same, I uninstalled the game and installed it again and nothing...
When I enter the PRS-ORG App and try to start the game, my PC freezes
and I have to restart my computer with the button
No error appears to me
Only my screen freezes
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I know your name please?
NAME-M
They hacked my account and sold off my players and coins
I just want my coins pf
I already changed the password and activated the two-step code, I just want the coins
Another person has already helped me change my password and activate two-step verification
I just want the coins
I just want my coins/in-game currency back.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please give me your name?
I can't play my solo Draft.
I get an error every time I try to play my solo draft.
What is happening?
Various complaints from other users
Name-M
EMAIL
Yes
my name is NAME-M
So, I play PRS-ORG on PC and the game won't open anymore
dps of update this morning
The game stopped working
It is not working at all
I'm being wronged at the event of the totys, PRS-ORG needs to take action on this
The game will not open, I have been trying to play since 13h
Up until dawn it was all right, functioning normally
So, the fact that I can't enter the game to play, farm the packs, etc... this is harming me in the event
and I am not the only one going through this, a lot of people who play on PC are going through the same situation
Yes, before this anti-cheat problem I could just solve it by reinstalling the anti-cheat
but from today, it does not solve anymore
I have tried everything, and the game won’t open
It always continues to give the same error
that's alright, thank you
Good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please indicate your name?
I would like to report a mistake
Last night I was playing PRS-ORG and I joined a PRS-ORG draft match.
I won the game and it didn’t count as a victory
I would like to know if there is some type of compensation/refund that can be done
Okay, thank you
After this I played another game that I lost.
And it also did not count as a loss
Soon, I believe that this may be a bug
What do you mean?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide me with your name?
I am very obliged, I have a discount code for the game
that I won when I answered a survey
but I am unable to redeem that code
which gave me R$29,00 off
That survey was done within the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and the survey appeared
I answered all of it and at the end I won this code
when I went to finalize the purchase I got an error and I couldn't finish
because of that, I can't use the code
This is the code that I won ALPHANUMERICID
this is the order number that gave the error PHONENUMBER
I was given this code last week
I placed the order that had an error on January 19th
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me your name?
Hello, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
So, today I went to do the dme pp of dme of icon in PRS-ORG and ended up choosing the wrong card without wanting.
I wanted to know if you would be able to help me.
There came a blanc 89 is a kaka 89 I should have gotten the kaka and I ended up getting the blanc
PRS-ORG player pick de icon
Correct
Putz… hello.
Not just that msm
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
uh
good evening, my name is NAME-M
I am having problems connecting to my PRS-ORG account on the PRS-ORG app via my pc, and when I finally log in, it does not load my games, I can't open the PRS-ORG
Thank you, I hope you are doing well too!
Yes, I am unable to log in.
ok ok, thank you very much and good job!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
My name is Nauseated Indian
I can't take this game anymore.
Where are you?
Answer, motherfucker.
How do you manage to be so incompetent that you can't type a fucking message from a script in less than 5 minutes?
Is the basic education in India so bad?
Are you going to take a shower in the Ganges you bastard
Casino
Any answers please.
I lost my real money, I'm playing with bonus but only let me bet up to 25
Good evening, the betting limit is only up to 25 with the bonus and it cannot increase
Check the messages I sent
I was playing with the bonus and you only let me bet up to 25.
Why is that
And how much should I bet in order to withdraw the money
Okay.
Any response
You didn't solve anything
How much do I have left to bet to be able to withdraw?
Release my withdrawal
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
Availability of PRS-ORG
It does not let the game download saying it is unavailable for purchase.
PRS-ORG platform
In PRS-ORG plus
I'm trying to purchase the game
It’s saying I have no account in PRS-ORG when I do
It is giving unavailable
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
Devender, earlier I was in the game, the game crashed and after that I can't get into ultimate team anymore
Looks like there was an error and it will go back to the main menu
Picture is in the attached file
Please save me lol
Whoa, is it possible to fix it ?
That's great!!
Do you think I will be able to play again today?
Is there a forecast?
To return
Would that be all right?
Beautiful then
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Opa
my granddaughter had frozen
when I go to manage my account it asks for an email, when I go to view that email, it doesn't exist, I never put an email that starts with e
therefore I can not confirm the email and modify my account
that's pretty much it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name to me?
I had opened a call regarding the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the non-delivery of the material.
I made the prints you requested and would like to know where to send them?
I have also attached TB here...
I bought it from the shopping center inside of PRS-ORG
As per the image shown above, the debit from my PRS-ORG account
When it comes time to sell the game it is easy to fix...
The time to solve problems is now...
It's a game for one another
How to get in touch?
How to contact PRS-ORG support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Good day NAME-N
I have been 5 days without access to the game PRS-ORG
NAME-N is displayed on the screen (connecting to the service)
EMAIL
Alphanumeric code
Error connecting to the server
which
NAME-F is an internet technician and everything is normal here
NAME-F already logged out of PRS-ORG, I already uninstalled and reinstalled NAME-F the pc, and it didn't help
NAME-F tried these steps
if necessary, you can delete my progress in the game saved to start over
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I am doing well, yes.
Look, I’m having a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an email that I no longer access
I can log in to the PRS-ORG website with that account.
But I would like to create an account on companion
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, and what about you?
Thank you.
Then, my contact is because of a problem I have.
I own two consoles which share the same PRS-ORG account, but I would like to unlink one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console.
PRS-ORG
After unlinking the PRS-ORG account from this console, can I create a new account for it?
My PRS-ORG gamertag is NAME-N
So you already have no further link with PRS-ORG?
Thank you NAME-M, you have helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
Good evening, NAME-M
I am not managing to stay online on my PRS-ORG 18 on PRS-ORG
The following message appears: "We are sorry, but at the moment the PRS-ORG Servers are inoperative.
We are trying to solve this problem.
Apologize for the inconvenience, but right now the PRS-ORG servers are inoperative. We are trying to solve this problem. Please try again later.
this has been happening for many days
I mean, months
I can't believe that.
It's already been months.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name, please?
My name is NAME-M.
thank you , I am doing well , I linked my facebook account and I didn't receive the token in the game
and there are only 2 hours to get this token
it was actually youtube
I wrote it wrong.
actually I linked it through you tube and didn't receive the token
EMAIL
the game account is the same as the youtube account
ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and still haven't been able to play it
After the opening screen, where it says "press any button" I press it and it freezes
it freezes and does not exit
I keep trying to fix the game and try again but it won't work
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I get your name please?
Good evening NAME-N
NAME-M, my name is
I made the DME of choice of icon on January 25, but I received a single pack of icons.
At PRS-ORG I saw that some are already receiving the correct package and I would like information
My email is EMAIL
Could you confirm?
Will they receive what?
The Player Pic?
What page of PRS-ORG can I monitor?
There is nothing there on the page
Just a lot of complaints for the same reason
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I'm doing well, thank god, and how about you, NAME-N?
My game doesn't load and an error message keeps popping up
I already uninstalled and installed it twice
And it keeps persisting
Unknown error, an unexpected error occurred.
Try again
This message appears on the login screen
Okay
Everything okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good day
I would like to try to recover an old PRS-ORG account.
which I no longer have access to the email
I previously had the following email: EMAIL
However, some time ago I changed this domain to EMAIL
Everything that was linked to it now arrives to the new domain.
One substituted the other
The registered e-mail address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, could you please give me your name?
May I have your name, please?
I am having trouble logging in to the game
I can even connect to the PRS-ORG site, but I can't log into the game.
Says that my email is invalid.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
May I ask your name to begin with please?
Good morning 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing alone in the middle of matches, I have already deleted the game and installed it again, but the problem still continues.
I'm not able to play PRS-ORG
I’ve already lost about 5 matches with PRS-ORG with this problem
Nothing appears on the screen, the game simply closes
It happens sometimes that the game freezes and closes by itself and sometimes it just closes for no reason
I have already deleted the game and reinstalled it, I have restarted my PRS-ORG, it will be reset to the factory settings because I thought it was the video game, but it's only the PRS-ORG closing this way
Especially matches of PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Hey
So, I want to know how I can unsubscribe my packages
Then
But I can't have PRS-ORG anymore
Only PRS-ORG app
I only have the PRS-ORG APP
I can not access the book I purchased on 21/01.
I have created the account, but it is not possible to finish the process, the system doesn't recognize the passwords entered.
I kindly ask for guidance with the cancellation since I was not able to do it through the site.
EMAIL
14/01/2021
The divine code of life
Please, the refund
Please
How do I do it without going to the website?
I paid by credit card.
If I don't receive the e-mail, what should I do?
Is there any email I can report to?
Ok, I'm waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
They just invaded my account, I contacted you I was robbed, I lost my team, my coins and still the PRS-ORG sent me a message saying that I am distributing coins, they can only be joking with me
Not at all, since I distribute coins, could you block all the accounts that purchased from my account?
At least everything that was listed last night
Would I be able to know this
Yes
Coins
Players
I played 1 match of rivals close to 19:00
Okay
I will contact tomorrow
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Good day
NAME-N my name
I requested a refund from PRS-ORG on the 02 day but it was not updated nor did the email confirming it arrive
not at all
that's the request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
Any feedback?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
my PRS-ORG App is not updating at the speed the internet provides
is way below normal
in this case the problem is to update the game through the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, could you please indicate your name?
My PRS-ORG prime gamer package that I can not receive
My name is NAME-M
About ultimete pack from primegamer
Every month, there is one available for linked accounts
This month I didn’t receive it.
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND I CANNOT ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
The Neuroscience of Happiness
I have never bought, it was my first e-book
MY FIRST
PURCHASE
Zip code?
WHAT POSTAL CODE?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Zip code #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
REGION ON WHICH APPLIANCE?
#PRS_ORG#
I'M NOT SURE ABOUT THE EMAIL.
WHICH I USED ON THE #PRS_ORG# ACCOUNT...
I was able to access the #PRS_ORG# account
However, in the right corner, after clicking on log in I didn't find the link of #PRS_ORG#
I cannot find the book I purchased
Hi #NAME#
was talking to your colleague
Hi #NAME#,
around the 05/01
it was the only purchase, I made it via #PRS_ORG#.
A msg appears stating that the book was integrated into #PRS_ORG#
then I went to access this app and there is nothing there
you know.
The person said she was going to send a book to my account and that I had to tell her what book
ok
how do I do this
I purchased the e-book #PRS_ORG# on the #PRS_ORG# website that recognizes the payment on 12/28/20 but it was not made available in my #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
The purchase was made on 12/28.
The last book I bought before this was #NAME#'s The Reactionary.
28/12/#NUMBER#, but the book was not added to my library.
Sure.
#PRS_ORG#
Correct.
In my reader or on my computer, I did not understand the question.
Yes, please wait a moment.
Ok, I am sending it as an attachment.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I'll check it.
Ok!
Received, thank you very much.
No, it is all right.
Yes, I'll do that.
I am not managing to open my book.
I am not able to open my book.
Jesus the inspiration of luminous relations.
He is in the ebook, but when he clicked it does not open and it gives an error.
Is that.
It stays on spinning and then closes and then orange comes up behind it.
No.
#PRS_ORG#
No.
I do not have.
Excuse me, it's another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I don't see it anymore
And now?
It doesn't appear
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I made
Yes
It's downloading
There it is, thanks!
Not thank you for solving the problem.
Good morning, I am constantly having trouble accessing my account on #PRS_ORG#!
I enter my username and password correctly, but then the following message appears: "We couldn't find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you typed correctly."
ok
#EMAIL#
I think it was the book #PRS_ORG#
That's right.
ok, waiting
In the #PRS_ORG# software, installed on my desktop(notebook), I enter the login and password and the message appears: "We did not find an account with that email address or password.
"Check if you entered the correct email and password."
The login and the password that I once used and could access the account!
So, which procedure should we adopt to correct the problem?
Yesterday evening I accessed directly through #PRS_ORG# and I was able to access, already today I tried to access and can't!
Yesterday I accessed it via #PRS_ORG# and today I can't!
What's up?
just a moment I'll try
ok, I got it
Thank you
Relax, everything is okay!
Thank you
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
YOURS FAITHFULLY.
SRS.
I'VE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM IN BUYING ANY BOOK.
BUT NOW I CHANGED THE CARD FOR THE PREPAID-E VISA-PARA AND IT FAILED.
WHAT COULD BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...FROM #NAME#
YES
Yes,
MESSAGE: " Oops, an error occurred!
REVIEW YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE INFORMATION IS CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I EVEN MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE WITH #PRS_ORG# AND IT WENT WELL
YES IT IS ACTIVE AND HAS A BALANCE
I AM IN #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I OPENED THE ANONYMOUS WINDOW AND IT'S THE SAME.
IT SAYS THAT IT GIVES AN ERROR.
OK
Hello, I bought five books on #PRS_ORG#, but three of them do not appear in my account.
They tried to help me but couldn’t, so they told me to come and see you.
Hello, I purchased five books at the #PRS_ORG#, however, three of them do not appear in my account. They tried to help me, but were not able to do so, so they asked me to contact you.
I made the purchase on January 20
But on #PRS_ORG#
It was not made directly through the #PRS_ORG# application.
I'm doing this
They are still not appearing.
I signed out
What now?
Hello
Yes, I am still here.
You will need to sign back in and check the books.
I entered with my Cultura account
The missing books didn't appear
#PRS_ORG#
ok
It didn't solve
Yes
Even the people at the bookstore accessed my account and tried to manually enter the books, but they still couldn't do it
Okay
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER#, application #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE #PRS_ORG# MYSTERY
#NAME#
#NAME#
These are the ones that haven't entered
It worked!
They're already showing up here
They are there, yes
Thank you very much
Hello
I don't need anything else. I appreciate it.
Hi, good afternoon.
My #PRS_ORG# is no longer being recognised by the computer.
We have already tested on three different computers, including different cables.
What could it be?
Thank you.
Hi, good afternoon.
I do not remember..
Could you help me even without that date?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Ah, I did not understand.
It started a month ago, give or take.
Mine is the #PRS_ORG#
Imagine.
It is yes, it is also charging normally when connected to the cable
Is that
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I did not understand.
Is it for me to keep trying with the cable?
I have even done a reset and it's still not working
Is there any assistance that I can get?
But is it common for this to happen?
Why did I already try it with all the cables here at home and nothing
I also tried the reset and it didn't work either.
Is there a phone number I can call?
Or some technical assistance?
Just online?
But is that these instructions don't work anymore... I'd like someone to take a look at my e-reader.
I'll keep trying but it doesn't seem that it will work again "out of nowhere"
Ok.
Thank you then.
I'm going to see what I can do and if anything I'll get back in touch...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
An internal server error occurred and, at the moment, it is not possible to load this page.
Please try again later.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There was a problem and it is currently not possible to load this page.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
attempt of the first purchase yesterday and today
in the #PRS_ORG# app on Android 9, in #PRS_ORG# on Android 9
I tried in Chrome as well at #PRS_ORG#
no
Transaction in progress...
you stay in this message for a long time
and then the error is given
yes
it's taking a long time too
I bought a €10 card.
I scratched the pin off the card
ok, I already edited it
I am going to try to buy it
ok it worked
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
already checked out.
thank you.
goodbye
it's just me
Good afternoon.
I was talking with another agent and the chat disconnected
#EMAIL#
I bought the book "coisas de Gabriel " in the bookstore #PRS_ORG# on 14/01
But it doesn't show up here in #PRS_ORG#
Ok.
I'm waiting
Ok
Ok.
Thank you
I'm finding it strange because I bought 2 books in the same order.
One is an ebook and one is a physical book.
And I was only sent the fiscal note for the physical copy, along with the physical copy of the book.
I went to the Cultura website and the ebook is there in the order
And on the site of the cultural there is no option to pick up the fiscal note
the truth is I used a gift card and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
That is the email I received from them
I will get in touch with them tomorrow then
Thank you!
That was all.
Have a nice day too!
Hi!
I need help getting started with reading on the #PRS_ORG# reader.
I have already synchronised, I have already purchased the first book (card approved) and I can not open the book even so.
Hi!
Today, a few minutes ago
One moment
#NAME#
I can see the book, yes, but when I click on it, it says I need to sync it.
I have already done it many times.
Appeared synchronized ok
Then ask to contact support
How have you been?
Ok.
Done
Now I'll start over
I need help with a purchased ebook that doesn't show up on my account
good afternoon
I bought an e-book yesterday on the #PRS_ORG# website
Good afternoon,
settlement for #NAME#
The suppliers....bought yesterday from the website of #PRS_ORG#
on my e-reader on my cell phone
I have my account open on my smartphone and I'm still resyncing it and it still doesn't appear
I am going to open the ereader
I'm repairing
Sure.
the book appeared
thank you
it was just that
Good afternoon
Good afternoon,
I tried to order 2 ebooks but when I go to the payment process (after entering the credit card number) it gets stuck processing and doesn't go any further..
Hello,
I have not completed any purchases yet.
I am trying to make a purchase but when I go to process the payment (after entering the credit card number) it remains in process and doesn't go any further..
Site and application
I have already tried both.
It does not have any special characters
I just try to process the payment and the page does not move ahead.. It stays in processing.
Yes.. the same happens.
Yes
I'm doing that right now
One minute please
Right now, try creating a new account with a new email
And moved on to the "review" step
but when I press the "complete purchase" button nothing happens
yes
I have already managed to pass this phase.
You already accepted the payment method but did not complete the purchase.
There is no error message
When I press the “Complete Purchase” button, nothing happens
Yes.
I do not have #PRS_ORG#
but the website has already accepted the payment
just doesn't move forward in the last step
Already succeeded
I purchased ebooks and now they won't open
I bought some ebooks and now they don't open.
I don't remember, but it was in #NUMBER#
These books are the cornerstone of paradise and the new times
Not when I try to open it goes back to the main menu
Smartphone
I think so.
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Sure
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I’ve done this procedure several times
I have not been able to complete a book purchase on the #PRS_ORG# website since February 3rd.
When I click on complete the purchase, the following appears: Oops, an error occurred!
Please review the payment information and try again.
I have already tried many times, but in vain.
#EMAIL#
The last book I acquired was on February 2, Seasons of Callan Read
Thank you
Okay.
I just wanted to apologize, the correct name of the book that I mentioned above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I make the purchase on the internet page of #PRS_ORG#
I have already signed in
Sorry, but I don't know how to log out in Incognito mode...
ok, I was able to open an anonymous window, thank you
So, should I click on end session now?
Ok, I'll try then
I'm still unable to complete the purchase...
Oops, an error occurred!
Review your payment information and try again.
Okay
I still can't...
ok
Okay.
I am still waiting for the page to load.
It still doesn't work...
Ok
It does not work either
I usually use #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you very much for your help.
I look forward to then
Thanks and likewise!
Good evening,
I bought an e-book with the wrong account, I was wondering if I can transfer it to the right account or receive a refund of the amount paid for the book.
Thank you.
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (I logged in through #PRS_ORG#), the correct email is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted was to transfer the ebook to the email #EMAIL# because it is this one that I use and have associated with my ereader
Okay
So what do I have to do?
There was an error processing your order
request
On the website, on my computer
It says that they didn't find any account with this email
I tried to use my email associated to the #PRS_ORG# account and the email that #PRS_ORG# created for me
You cannot associate both accounts because they are from the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Response
I already did it.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you
There you are!
Thank you.
The problem remains.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Must be over 5 months.
It must be more than 5 months.
I don't remember...
Problem continues
#EMAIL#
In Italian?
“Is that really true?”
Ta... better
Hahaha
I can't open my book by #PRS_ORG#, Paradise ground volume 2
I have been attended by this channel but unfortunately the guidance did not work
I was advised to do the following:
1
In the home screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap on the three horizontal bars on the left upper side.
2. Toque em "Configurações".
Tap Help and Feedback at the bottom of the menu.
3
Tap Repair your account.
4.
Tap on Repair.
I did that but nothing...before only one book
Now I am not able to open any book
Yes
Foundation of Heaven volume 2
Once I sign out of #PRS_ORG#, this home screen you are referring to is from the mobile browser, correct?
PRS_ORG
This
Ok
Okay
I will do that.
Good Morning,
I can not access a book that I bought some time ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
Good morning,
GTD: Making It Happen
I made a mistake #PRS_ORG# doing the right thing
I was not able to access it.
I see the book and I see that it has 34% reading but I can't open it
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I'm on a PC.
I cannot see this option
I don't have to fix it.
so how do I disable it?
resolved
Thanks
That's it.
thank you
Hello,
I'm trying to download my purchased books from my account #PRS_ORG# to transfer to my #PRS_ORG# device.
I followed the website's instructions but couldn't export the book as an EPUB version to be able to transfer it to the #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do that?
Thanks!
Dear Customer Support,
Of course!
I'll check.
the title was
In the moment of the decision
I bought it through my smartphone
I already know how to do that.
the file appears on my computer but I can't install on the #PRS_ORG#
Yes
I'm
I did not receive an error message
the file format doesn't enter the #PRS_ORG#.
but should do, according to what is said in the #PRS_ORG# website.
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device
from another brand
can I open it on #PRS_ORG#
what is said on the #PRS_ORG# website is that from #PRS_ORG# I can convert to EPUB format
Could you tell me if there is another way to do it?
etendo
thank you
I bought a book and it isn't available to me.
nor is it available in my "my books" in my login
#EMAIL#
09/02/21
yellow dog
from #NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
it was they who sent me to you to solve the problem
the payment was confirmed by them
same
I am taking care of it, wait
I tried to send in .
doc but won't accept.
How can I send it?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
does it serve?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I am accessing
please wait
taking advantage, I tried to download a free book, "razão para matar", and had to go through the whole purchase process.
it is not available either
yesterday's from yesterday
the problem is repeating itself
it says that it's mine but it's not available
It worked.
I forgot to synchronize.
Thank you.
we can close the chat
ok.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
how long for delivery??
How long for delivery??
it is what you think
is it possible to cancel
how??
thank you
It takes too long to deliver.
could the delivery be faster?
I need it urgently.
can you cancel?
I understand.
I can cancel it.
Thank you.
thank you, I don’t need to do anything else
thank you
I can't view a title that I've purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
The Challenging Sale
ok
The challenging sale
Desktop
I'm going to do it
Appeared.
Thank you so much!!
Just that
thank you
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and when reading a book I tried to use the dictionary function but it said it could not find a definition.
I have already tried it with 3 books in Portuguese and one book in English.
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries and it still isn't working
Dear Customer,
Outlander the dragonfly trapped in the amber bought today 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes, sure.
There we go.
Asks to synchronize.
Shall I sync?
Only in the device
Ok ordered an update
Should I update now?
I have already updated
It's working now
Thank you very much.
I bought an ebook, but it is not in my list of ebooks
My email is #NAME#
I don't have one yet
Already see...
On the #PRS_ORG# computer
Not sure about on the phone.
I'm sorry, but it's the first time that I buy a ebook.
ebook
ok
It's okay.
Ready
yes, I have already logged in
I entered into my books
And it appears.
I clicked on the same one
I double clicked on the cover and a page with a synopsis appeared and now what?
On the computer it's not working, I'm going to try on the cellphone, sorry for the inconvenience.
I will try and if I cannot I will bother you again, thank you for now
Same here!!!
Good morning, is it possible to buy newspapers at the store at #PRS_ORG#?
Hello #NAME#, is it possible to read my subscription to #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
Still haven’t bought any books
I would like to use my #PRS_ORG# subscription.
That won't hurt.
Could you answer my question?
Excuse me, did you read my question?
I didn't talk about books
I saw that the #PRS_ORG# has a News and Mags section but I don't know how to access that section
Thank you
Yes, I could pass the feedback on, because in this case, I bought it specifically for this purpose
Good afternoon,
I am unable to set up my #PRS_ORG#.
I tried several times and I still get the same initial message
Good evening,
Dear #NAME#,
Hello
thank you
#PRS_ORG#
no, what happens is that the screen stays in this message (attached), despite the application telling me that the synchronization is complete
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I can not connect the #PRS_ORG# to the wifi, either
No, it was offered to me by someone who didn't want it any more.
Sure, no problem.
Yes, I have already downloaded the #PRS_ORG# desktop app.
done
Nothing happened, it stayed on the screen I sent the photo from.
what does "download the #PRS_ORG# desktop" mean
Yes
done
I will try with another cable
It worked!
that was the problem
no, thank you very much!
Good afternoon
I'm back in touch
I purchased an e-book yesterday and I can't access it
Good afternoon,
16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent copy of the invoice
I need a response
I don't want a refund
I want the book
What is it?
I am trying on the #PRS_ORG#
Sorry for my ignorance
By phone
They say it doesn't exist.
Look, I'm tired of this push and pull, I call there, they tell me to speak to you, I say here, they tell me it's there
First and last purchase
I want a solution
I don't want a refund
Good morning, I want to buy the ebook but I can not log in to #PRS_ORG# using the same password as #PRS_ORG#.
How to do?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must be more than a year now.
hello
a moment
I am checking.
Watch The Coming of the Third Reich
ok
then
Yes, when choosing #PRS_ORG#, it does not accept the same password as #PRS_ORG#
Do you understand?
I can not contact them.
they do not answer the contact phone
I didn’t find a chat like this
hard
Yes
okay
Better this.
Do I wait for an email then?
Okay, thanks a lot
thank you
Good evening, I've lost access to the book I was reading (bought from #PRS_ORG#).
I think it was when I connected with my pc.
I was only 10% through the reading.
How can I solve this?
I think it is #EMAIL#
if it's not, it might be #EMAIL#
Thank you
At #PRS_ORG#, I had access to the book and now, when I click on it, it says it's not possible to access
thank you I am trying
I am restarting
It's corrected now!
If I want to share a book with my mother (like I would with a physical book) could I do so?
Yes, I know, I was asking as a comparison
That is, I would like my mother to be able to read a book I bought in #PRS_ORG#, is there a way?
or would I have to lend you my personal #PRS_ORG#?
In other words, is it possible to use my account in 2 #PRS_ORG# at the same time?
Perfect, thank you very much :)
Likewise!
Thank you for your help!
I bought the ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR, on the 22nd of February/##NUMBER##, and until now, it has not shown up on #PRS_ORG#, for me to read.
I bought it on #PRS_ORG# and it says it was sent to #PRS_ORG#.
I spoke to them on the phone, they stated that it is you who must solve the problem.
# EMAIL#
Date of last purchase 22/02/#NUMBER#.
ebook title: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR.
I'll just grab it now from my email.
How do I send it to you?
Just the number is enough?
It's in PDF.
I'll try to take a screenshot.
but send me the email.
Okay.
I'll send it, just a moment.
I sent the receipt via email.
It is in PDF.
Ok.
Thank you, for the attention!
Ok.
Correct.
I will sync it now on the #PRS_ORG# app on my mobile phone.
Now it appeared.
Thank you very much!
Will it be the same problem next time I make a purchase?
Good evening, and thank you very much!!
Now I've returned.
As the network is down I don’t know if you are online
Hello #NAME#, I am returning.
my email is #EMAIL#
I entered this email on the #PRS_ORG# and only Dom Casmurro appeared.
How can I access the other ones in #PRS_ORG#?
I prefer your suggestion because the #EMAIL# is the email address for access in #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
But where will I find the e-books to synchronize?
Great!
Thank you
I synced, but no book was added in My Books yet
Yes, it is.
Hallelujah!!!
It worked.
Thank you so much #NAME#
Thank you.
All is in order.
Good health and luck!
Hug.
Questions with buying the book and invoicing
#EMAIL#
I haven't used it yet
Can I read the purchased book on different devices?
computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
what about invoicing? can it be made with my company's details?
ok
I will check your account
where do I put the company data and VAT number?
I will give the company's data in order to get the invoice
I can't find it
just account
in fact accounts
I can't see my account
I can not view the e-book "ifrs, creative accounting and fraud" by the author #NAME# which I already paid for on 02/18/2021 via bank slip
#email#
Ifrs, creative accounting, and fraud
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I do have it.
I am
I have already repaired it.
Great, it's already in my account
Thank you very much.
Attention rated at 10
Just that, very thank you😁
Furthermore, I will of course rate you for the excellent service.
I did not receive the Ebook that I bought.
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#, registered and I can't get access to it.
#EMAIL#
Ebook: UNVEILING OUR HOME, bought on 22/02/#NUMBER#
It was in this email here that I made the purchase and registered in #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
No.
I'm waiting with the email open.
I sent the email with the code that you sent me.
I tried to link it but it didn't work.
I followed these steps, and it didn't work.
I want to know just the same what the problem is.
When I go to options and click on #PRS_ORG#, it doesn't appear to link this account.
I'll try.
Hi, are the #NAME# plans suitable for gyms?
hello, are the #PRS_ORG# plans for gyms?
not for companies, but individual plans that a physical person may sign up for to attend gyms
How do those different plans work?
Hello #NAME#
Thank you for letting me know about the values!
And I am looking for a plan that allows me to go to gyms for example 24h, amc and not online classes.
hello, I am here
thank you for the information
have a good week
Good morning.
Yesterday I scheduled a lesson but the attempt was frustrated.
Upon arriving at the studio it was found to be closed.
I would like to get my credit back and not be charged any additional amount.
Thank you
Right!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After a while without reading through the app, I logged in and my ebooks disappeared.
Those were #NAME#'s books.
My other question is if it's possible for me to download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or to print them.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No entitlement, #NAME#
Hi, I'll be glad to assist you today
That's it.
There's not one there
I had it, but deleted the account.
That's all now
#EMAIL#.
I had to change the account with you guys, but it seemed to have worked
I would like you to transfer it to the #PRS_ORG# account, please, so I can cancel the other one
There were several from #NAME#
Well, if you want me to tell you some titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, not merecimento, marketing and archetype
Ok, just one second
It has #NAME#
I will see
my daughter has an account #PRS_ORG# and can now acquire a book
my daughter (which is who is having the problem now is: #EMAIL#
or I can buy in my account and allow my daughter to read
Hello #NAME#
my daughter has an account with #PRS_ORG# and she is now unable to acquire a book.
Or I can buy it from my account and allow my daughter to read it?
Yes?
Water clock
water
11.99
We have already tried to buy through the #PRS_ORG# reader of hers and through my PC.
in none we succeeded
So far I assume it did not debit my card.
But neither can I be sure at this time, because sometimes it takes some time for the banking system to synchronize the operations
No.
It has not expired
Or can I acquire in my account and let my daughter read it?
It is that I also have an account #PRS_ORG#, with which I bought 2 e readers
Ah!
Does that mean I can always buy books in my account and share with my daughters, or can I only share once?
I did not notice
Yes
Therefore, confirm f1 if the purchase was made or not, so I can try it in another way,
OK?
Thank you
No.
that's all.
Thank you and good afternoon
I made a reservation of an ebook in English, it was charged to my #URL# credit card, but it does not appear on my #PRS_ORG# for download.
What do I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author...ebook in english
No, because I didn't buy it through #PRS_ORG#.
I bought it directly from #PRS_ORG# card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I understand. In that case, did you receive the purchase receipt from #PRS_ORG# in your email?
#EMAIL#
But I do not use it
I will check and let you know.
I need another information.
How do I buy ebooks in English?
OK.
I will try.
Thank you.
Maybe a.co
The purchase didn’t work because of this.. language.
Okay.
Thank you #NAME# for your attention.
I found a debit and later I saw that it was an old one.
No problem.
I am talking to the #PRS_ORG# where I bought it.
There is a purchase number.
😊
Problem with the file.
#EMAIL#
February 05
Thank you, #NAME#.
Today, I bought the ebook Aprenda a viver o agora from #NAME#
When I try to open it, I get an error saying that the document cannot be opened.
I have already synchronized the eReader 3 times and it still presents the same error
On the #PRS_ORG# eReader
Okay
I am restoring this moment
I am following the update bar of the restoration
I'll let you know as soon as it is updated, okay?
Hello
It's at the end of the update
I tried it now
And it didn't open
It follows with the same error
The following notification appears: "Opa!
"Sorry, this document could not be opened."
Okay
One moment
One moment.
She's downloading the books again
One moment
It worked
Thank you very much!
Nice work :)
No
Already helped
You are welcome
I was in chat with #NAME#, did everything he told me to do and I can't complete a purchase because you say there was an error
#EMAIL#
Several, Terra Alta
I have already spoken to your colleague #NAME#, did what he told me to do and the problem persists
What information did you delete?
You are making me pass.
I have already done this
Read what is being said to you sff
I can't checkout the purchase
I don't know what your colleague did, or didn't do
I cannot finalize purchases on #PRS_ORG#
Do you want to deal with the matter, or not?
I have already added the information.
But here it seems that it is not a matter of following a standar but rather to personalize the problem and find a solution
I only have one credit card
I have always used the same one without problems.
Then the same thing happens, I put another agent on hold and it starts all over again
How do you want me to feel if you do nothing?
There is no missing information, everything is there.
I will do everything again.
Hello, I can’t access my Ebook that I acquired on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
February 12 /02 LETTERS OF A STOIC, VOLUME I
That email, I use it for #PRS_ORG#...and in the #PRS_ORG# account.
I purchased only this one, and I can't access it through the #PRS_ORG# account.
I added another ebook in #PRS_ORG# ..ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I will verify it.
I'm going to send you a picture
Visitor uploaded: Sem-título.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found it in my email
I'll send it to you.
just 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox-(1080)#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
sorry
I will send it to you.
complete
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check.
yes
it was added
just that
Thank you very much.
for your attention
thank you very much
good morning
I need help to retrieve and transfer the books: Education against barbarism, #PRS_ORG# from the account #EMAIL# to mine
#PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
I managed to recover one book with the help of #NAME# but I still need two books
Yes
because I can’t try in the #PRS_ORG# account
Education against barbarism and the circuit of affection.
I can't
Please transfer it to me.
did not arrive
I'm trying to see it on my mobile phone #PRS_ORG#
thank you it worked I recovered the books.
Not only the three that I bought and the ones that I already had in my #PRS_ORG# account.
yes thank you
Good afternoon!
May God bless your day.
I bought the ebook Mudança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação.
The purchase was made in the culture, but I can't open it in the #PRS_ORG#.
According to the bookstore, the ebook has an error and I should seek support with you.
# Email #
January 15th, #NUMBER#
The book is: Mudança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação
No, just this email.
I also downloaded a preview of the book.
but I made a purchase on #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the email with the purchase confirmation
but, I can access the note yes
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I did not receive the PDF with the note or the XML from the bookstore yet
but, when I access my account on #PRS_ORG#, this message appears that it was already completed.
I also received the following message from Cultura:
How are you doing?
Thank you for the new opportunity;
Attentive to your email, regarding order #PHONENUMBER#, we talked with #PRS_ORG# and it was detected that the ebook has a flaw.
They asked you to contact #PRS_ORG#'s support directly, through CHAT.
the book appears in the library
now
I will read... o
Thank you
as well
Good afternoon!
I am trying to play an audio book but it only plays for 4 minutes.
Hello!
The duke and I
Yes, this is the audio book I'm having issues with.
Smartphone
I just did
The problem was solved.
Thank you!
No.
Thank you for the help.
Good afternoon to you.
Good evening yesterday I received my #PRS_ORG# and it does not even have the dictionary or the translator.
I would like you to help me, thank you.
#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes I have done all of that
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And when I try to use it, this appears:
I would like you to help me, thank you
Yes.
I bought it today
Yes
I'm okay.
It's fine.
It works now, thank you. Regards.
I need some help to find my book that I just bought
#EMAIL#
The Girl on the Train
please
my account receipt #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
sapiens
where?
so i tried the sync button
because that is what the site said to do.
and nothing was registered
how do I do it?
done
okay
I synched and it didn't download
OK
Yes
nothing
yes
How do I do that?
Yes
Thank you.
appeared
it's downloading
thank you very much for your help
yes everything is ok
not much thank you
I would like to know the values of the subscription plans
She How are you doing?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works – values and if I can use it in strength training lessons
Is it in euro?
Not in reais?
can you see how many credits you've used for #PRS_ORG#?
How many credits does one use for #PRS_ORG#?
Thank you!
I found it a bit expensive for those who go 3 times a week...
Good evening.
I would like to inform you that they charged the monthly payment again without confirming my return to the gym.
I have not been out for safety reasons, especially as we are in the red phase.
I would like to ask for a refund, please.
I canceled my plan but they still charged me.
Thank you. I await your response.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I'd prefer that.
I do not have anywhere to use all the credits I have
I wish to receive a refund
Yes.
Thank you.
I will observe whether the refund was made in these days.
Can't I pass on my credits to someone else?
I understand.
Thank you
I would like to know the costs of each package for individuals.
Good day!
I need to know the prices and I can't find them on the website.
Can you help me?
I'm wanting to know how are your packages, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits for example
Improper billing
Hello
how are you?
Hello!
A payment from your company showed up on my credit card.
But no more client
CPF #PHONENUMBER#
Telephone #PHONENUMBER#
I don't remember
maybe it was from #PRS_ORG#
or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
right, with the CPF you can't find anything?
credit card last 4 digits #NUMBER# mastercard
I don't
Can I cancel the payment together with the bank then?
I have already sent my social security number, I unfortunately don't have other emails
maybe you have lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what do I do then?
there is a charge from #PRS_ORG# on my credit card
I want your company to send me an email saying that I don't have any link with you and that the amount is not correct
#EMAIL#
I'm at work, I can't spend much time here
It's all good
Thank you!
#NAME#
There was a wrong charge in my account.
#NAME#
I don't have all this information at hand
I don’t remember the day that I cancelled
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
#PHONENUMBER#
04/21
I just don't remember the date I canceled.
08/10/#NUMBER#
Hello, good evening!
Hello, good evening!
Hello #NAME#, how are you doing?
I would like to reactivate my subscription, if there are 14 days free
and also for a lower value/plan
because when I click reactivate
the value automatically entered is #NUMBER# - with 30 credits..and I want one with 99 with up to 15 credits
can you help me with it?
attached is a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
could you check if I can get the benefit of the 10 credit (14 days free)?
I want to try a studio and I want to be sure that I can cancel my plan, just in case I don't like the studio.
I am unable to find the Pilates studio I attend to schedule a class.
#PRS_ORG#
it was where I took the last lesson
I'll try again.
I did not make any reservations for #NUMBER#
Is there a reservation today?
when I search the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
1
#PRS_ORG#
2 Here are two options when I search for "#PRS_ORG#:"
#PRS_ORG#
When I choose option 1, the page #URL# opens.
and when I choose the option 2 (the one I need to schedule the class), the page #URL# opens
So, they are not answering #PRS_ORG#
Is this related to the pandemic?
Right?
Hello, I have a 15 credits monthly plan and I am unable to book a swimming lesson at #PRS_ORG#, every time I try it gives me an error in payment.
Hi #NAME#
Yes
Do you know if I need a specific plan to make a reservation for SWIMMING?
Yes, please
Good morning.
I would like to know more about how credits work.
For example, with the plan where I have 30 credits, how many classes do I have access to?
Thank you!
same here!
I am still here.
I understood !
i would like to hire for an average of 2x per week pilates in studios close to my home
or any other activity that is not a gym, even
fight, maybe
The plans are monthly, right?
Sorry haha I have another question
in the homepage the available plans and the quantity of credits appear
together, it says "mark until x classes"
How does it work?
The number of classes shown there, is it weekly or monthly?
I understand.
Thank you very much!
You are charging my card in an inappropriate way
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
DATE OF CANCELLATION: it was already a year ago
Charge: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been charged in recent months
on 26/12/#NUMBER# a charge was made
sorry, 26/12/#NUMBER#
that
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... for the value of R$ 189.00 for example, can I use any gym, do a check in per day, how much is each check in for the classes, or massage?
#NAME#, I would like to know how the plan works... for example, for the value of R$189.00, can I use any gym, check in once a day, what is the cost of each check in for classes, or massages?
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... at the value of R$ 189.00 for example, can I use any gym, do a check in a day, what is the value of each check in for classes or massages?
And how can I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, at #PRS_ORG#
I am in Sao Paulo.
Brazil
#URL#
for example in this gym, do you know how much would be debited to do a class?
Good afternoon!
I requested a quotation and to this day, I haven't received a response to my request.
I await contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not answer.
Yes, for corporate hiring
Yes.
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to know the corporate plans to contract for the employees of #PRS_ORG#
1) Your work email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company Name: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to know about corporate plans to hire for employees of #PRS_ORG#
I don’t have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
The corporate data are the following:
1) Your work email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company name: #PRS_ORG#
3) location: São Paulo
#PRS_ORG# does not have it!
I requested a quote through the Corporate Subscriptions page, but I did not get a response
OK, I will carry out the quote process again
Thank you!
Training Credit/Doubt
Hi
Good day
I have a doubt before signing up for a plan
If I sign up for the plan of #NUMBER# per month, can I only go to the gym 5 times a month because I only have 5 credits?
I mean in my case I only want to go to the gym for personal training
I don’t have that much of a preference for online class.
dx I'll see if I understand.
if I sign up for the #NUMBER# plan, can I go to the gym to work out Monday to Friday, and are the credits only for online classes?
I will change my question
to see if you can understand it right
With the plan of #NUMBER#, can I go to the gym from Monday to Friday in the month to do my workout that I have in mind without having to worry about adding credit?
I'm not interested in online classes or anything like that
I understood more or less
so another question
for example
for example the plan of #NUMBER# is only 5 credits, if the normal class in the gym is 1 credit, then I can only go 5 times a month
okay.
LOL
Is the minimum value of the gym from 1 credit to work out?
I understand.
thank you very much bye
Good job.
kkk
Hello
Hi, don’t you speak Portuguese?
thank you!
I would like to know how much credit do I need to attend the gym at least 3x a week
I did not find on the site information about the credits that the gyms charge...
I like #PRS_ORG# on Av. Paulista
specifically in the YOGA classes.
Okay
ok, thanks for the info
OLÁ,
I WOULD LIKE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#
I am #NAME#, I own a gym in Porto Alegre and I would like to know more about the service and the possibility of being a partner
ok, I am going to take a look and get back to you with any questions.
Is there no such page in Portuguese?
TKS
no, thank you
I would like to cancel
Please just confirm if the cancellation worked.
No
Good evening!
I’ve already started two other chats, but they disappear.
I would like to receive back the credit from the classes that didn't happen
A stretching class on Saturday in #PRS_ORG# gym, and an astanga class in #PRS_ORG# gym
No
The stretch class was on the 22nd of this month
And the Astanga class in #PRS_ORG# on the 5th of October
None of it has happened.
Ok : )
How can I help you?
I will let you know!
Thank you!!
Good evening!
Hello
I would like to receive credit back for classes that did not take place
Ok :)
Hello, I have problems with managing my credits
I understand that the 24 credits I have today will expire tomorrow and I can't schedule a class for next Saturday with these credits.
However, I am only keeping my subscription active with you, during the pandemic with everything closed, because I received an email saying that credits would not expire in cycle exchanges.
Okay
Yes
Ok, when they consult, the main issue is about the credits not expiring anymore
I will be waiting for the email.
Hugs
Hello!
I booked a class that didn't happen and I didn't get my credits back.
It is the second time that it happens.
I would like to receive the credit for the class that did not happen back :D
Good Day, we are a national association with more than 40,000 servers in our database and we are interested in establishing a partnership to offer differentiated value plans.
I await contact
Thank you.
could you please send me the form
thank you very much
Hi, I was charged for a plan that I am not using, and I am requesting a return
And how can I pass the subscription to someone else???
Why my money isn't free to be wasted like that
You're welcome!
I would like to know the gyms of sao paulo
#NAME#
How do I find out the price charged by each gym?
Do the credits allow you to go to all of the gyms?
understood.
thank you.. I'll think it over
subscription
hi
I tried to make the signature
charged my card
and blocked
I became unsure.
if it was or not
#EMAIL#
I made a registration for a 14-day trial.
I informed the card.
#PRS_ORG#
and then blocked it
blocking
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I can't change my credit card on the website
Hi
I can not update my data, my card is working normally
I tried both
even
none of them worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay
I'll wait
Ok
I have a class at 16:45, I would like to know if I can make it or if I need to cancel because the account is suspended.
Okay, I'll do that.
What about the class?
Can I cancel at no cost until I solve this?
Only the one today because until I can speak to the bank, it could take a while!
That was it!
Any problem I'll contact you again
Thank you!
Do I cancel the class or do you cancel it?
Okay thanks
Have a good one too!
Hello, good morning
I would like to know if I can suspend the subscription for a period
Hello #NAME#!
Yes
I need to take a break from the classes, but I would like to keep my account
and the credits
Yes
just confirm me if it is possible to freeze the subscription
For how long will I be able to stay away?
the charge will be suspended
I understand.
so every month I'll have to contact you to renew the suspension?
ok
What is the best day to call each month?
Good night
How are you doing?
For the second time I got to the establishment to do yoga and my name was not on the list
I've made the reservations as normal and the credits too.
Ok thank you
Ok.
Thank you!
Remind her pf
Just that, good night.
Hello, good morning.
I'm trying to make a reservation in #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but an error message appears.
I have already tried booking two different times... How can I make a reservation?
Thanks #NAME#!
:)
No problem.
Do you need any information from me?
#EMAIL#
Hello, good afternoon.
Hello good afternoon!
#NAME#, everything is going great and I hope everything is going well for you
I would like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
How do I cancel?
This link does not work
Could you help me in a different way?
All right, I am waiting for your confirmation and if possible, could you send an email with the cancellation confirmation?
is there any confirmation email ?
That's all, thank you.
Hello!
I am from Brazil and I saw that you have a lot of partner gyms in São Paulo, but I can't access the Brazil prices.
Where do I see the price for my country?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Thank you!
And how does it work?
Does each class cost one credit?
Can it be used in any affiliated gym?
Got it!
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# gym at the #PRS_ORG#
I understood.
And is there any other fee to pay, such as an enrollment fee, for example?
Will the fees be charged in Real, so I don't have to pay a tax for making an international transaction?
Right!
I will think it over and get back to you.
Thank you very much
That’s all.
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello, good evening.
I would like to ask a question.
Hi #NAME#.
I would like to understand the plan of R$189 per month = 30 credits
Each reservation corresponds to 1 credit, is that right?
And why not 30 credits but only for 9 classes?
Would there be 9 types of classes or just 9 classes in the monthly period?
I do not know if my doubt was made clear 🥲
It's still not clear.
So I can only make 9 reservations with this plan, is that it?
Ahhh, I got it
But why 9 classes?
Is that the maximum number of “class options” I can choose in this plan, is that it?
For example: bike, pilates, yoga, swimming, weight training etc.
No more than 9 options?
And what does it mean?
Hmmmm
So shoot from the head those 9 classes?
haha
Perfect
That was it then
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund of my credits.
Because of my location, there is nothing available for me to use.
How do I get my credits back?
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Because of my location there's nothing available for use.
How to recover the amounts?
ok
Okay.
Thank you.
It wasn't being an advantage to not offer anything close to me.
Thank you!
Good evening, I would like to know about the activities in Campinas SP
Hi!
based on what I saw
it only has one studio that accepts you guys here in Campinas
so there's only that gym here in Campinas?
Do you want to have more in Campinas?
My "Music" book does not show images on either #PRS_ORG# or the mobile phone.
Is there a better version?
Of course!
:) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
This is what happens.
It is the same thing on my mobile phone.
I do not know if it is a problem specific to my file or a general problem
I just said that the error happens on Android... and it does not happen with any other book.
Yes :)
But only in this book
I know where to fix it, thanks.
But is it worth fixing just because 1 file is causing problems?
The other books don't give problems
I made the purchase of a book using a different email from the one that was initially configured, and it was accepted with an offer #PRS_ORG# card that was transmitted to the reader but I cannot open it.
What can I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Ok
Police
I am looking for the model designation, but it is the first one on your list
it still doesn't open
the book appears but does not open
it just take a moment while I turn the camera on
#EMAIL#
it continues not to open, but I will send the information that appears
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
it is done
Is it for configuring the ereader?
From a PC?
I have
OK
Okay and thank you
Yes and once again thank you for your attention.
I would also like to...
Hello, how are you doing?
Some months ago I had to restore the app for the #PRS_ORG# for PC.
When I restored the #PRS_ORG# app for PC a few months ago, I lost all the books I'd bought.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thank you.
Cellphone for contact: #PHONENUMBER#
my account was #EMAIL#.
However, that email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the application, it automatically changed to #EMAIL#
sorry, I spoke wrongly.
it was always #EMAIL#
Yes, please!
thank you!
I'll test it here
sorry, where do I synchronize?
On the computer or the #PRS_ORG# itself?
the computer does not have the app
he is new
how do I download?
on the #PRS_ORG# device
#EMAIL#
I already did, but it’s giving an error
Yes, the synchronization is giving me an error.
Okay, so one minute.
looks like it's working!
one minute to finish
“It seems that it worked fine.”
Do I need to do anything else?
ok, thank you very much!
happy new year
Good afternoon,
I made a points exchange through the #PRS_ORG# You protocol and I would like to know which partner publishers were selected so that I can redeem my book.
Thank you,
Hello,
Sure: #EMAIL#
I have not yet made any purchases through the #PRS_ORG# site.
I have attempted a point exchange through the #PRS_ORG# website using the #PRS_ORG# You protocol and I have been provided with a code that allows me to purchase a book from your store
however any book that I select is not permitted, and when I went to see the rules it says that it only applies to some selected partner publishers, and I would like to know which ones they are
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
Sure, one moment please
It appears on the list as pending
is already available!
thank you very much for your help
No, thank you very much for your help.
I can read e-books normally on #PRS_ORG#, but they are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#.
I can normally read e-books on the #PRS_ORG#, but they are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#.
29 December
It doesn't download the e-books.
It says: "care
It says: "loading...." and nothing happens
I have uninstalled and installed the #PRS_ORG# several times.
I have restarted the #PRS_ORG# several times.
#PRS_ORG# (3rd Generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I have already done that.
It continues not loading.
It doesn't open the book.
I turned it off and on again.
I deleted the APP.
No it's not.
I entered settings.
Yes
No "file" available
I am in "stowage"
I did not find it
I didn't find "restart"
“Slide to unlock” is what appeared.
I turned it off
I turned it on again
Found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I am viewing my e-books
I didn't even need to log in
Good afternoon, I can't buy books with any credit card only with a gift card.
How can I solve the problem?
#EMAIL#
The latest was today, just a while ago, and it is called The Only Woman
Your mobile
The eReader was also used to try and purchase
#NAME#
Yes, you can do that
Yes
I believe that everything has already been deleted.
Okay
Then?
OK I'm in the process
Good afternoon.
I acquired the e-book "A Promised Land", by Barack Obama, on November 17.
I had already downloaded the file to my #PRS_ORG#, but now it's gone and I can't download it again.
Good afternoon,
day 01/12
Thank you for the information.
Yes.
an e-reader #PRS_ORG#
of course
it worked
I just completed it
thank you
at the moment, no
I am the one who thanks you
likewise
How to activate Family Sharing
#EMAIL#
December 29
Is so.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
Purchased books do not load on #PRS_ORG#
Spinning and not going in
No error message is received
I signed out of the account on the #PRS_ORG# app and then I logged in again.
Do not press login
The problem continues.
#PRS_ORG#
The books bought in Cultura are not loading onto #PRS_ORG#
I see the covers, but not the text.
I reinstalled the app and the problem continues.
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3 generation and #PRS_ORG#
I don't understand.
I have a free book from #PRS_ORG# and it loads normally
In the books that I purchased, the app says "loading" and nothing else.
In the #PRS_ORG# I can read normally and in the #PRS_ORG# I have a problem.
#PRS_ORG# by #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I am using #PRS_ORG# on this account
I am currently flipping through the book on the #PRS_ORG#
I'm trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Ok
Waiting, no issues
The book "MIlícias" is not appearing.
Yes.
Reappeared, but it still doesn't load.
I await your contact.
I am going to lunch.
Thanks for your help so far.
Thank you.
A good year to you and your team.
I can't download the e-book
Hello
Hello
#EMAIL#
Our daily bread
Okay
On my #PRS_ORG# mobile
I can, but not The Lord's Prayer, which won't open
No, it just spins the ball and then goes back to the cover page
I did that already.
If I leave the screen, I will lose the chat
I purchased an e-book from Cultura since December 28th, #NUMBER# and until now it hasn't been enabled for me to read.
The title is What Is Inclusive Education.
It has already been invoiced, I received a receipt and I can't sync it!
# EMAIL#
28/12/#NUMBER#
the purchase code is  # #PHONENUMBER#-01
ok
I have done it already.
it still doesn’t appear...I only have what I purchased in June of #NUMBER#
that is what I had previously sent...
# #PHONENUMBER#-01
this is the purchase
I paid via credit card, it has already been charged and is listed as sent on the #PRS_ORG# website,!
I just don't understand why they haven't released it yet...
Do you have another email address?
but my email #PRS_ORG# is the one I passed on?!
I have the invoice which I received by email
I will forward it
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
There it is!
This one
In my application it is not appearing yet...how should I proceed?
Now it appeared!
Finally!
thank you very much!
Thank you for everything!
I have doubts
#EMAIL#
it should have been two days
hello
How are you doing?
I am beginning to read on #PRS_ORG# right now
I am not able to mark the page
No
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#
I still can't
when I arrive at the ''Notes'' what should I do?
I can't see the option to mark the page
it does not appear to me in the upper right corner of the page a mark of bending at the corner of the page
I still can't
nothing
already did it
I can't call you, can I?
Okay.
okay
still nothing
what is #NAME#?
Thank you
bye
Password
I bought on 05/01
Hello anyone there
#EMAIL#
I'm having a password issue
If I put my son's email, will it work
Okay.
No mobile phone
I don't have a computer.
Yes, since I have a problem to synchronize with the bookstore to have the book I bought.
No way
Just a moment
I got it with another email
How do I get access to the book
And they lived happily ever after.
Only minutes
#PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
Did you see the 2 that I sent that was missing, 1 number
What should I do call the bookstore
I purchased it via the #PRS_ORG#
I'm going to call the bookstore
Thanks
Okay
I bought an ebook and would like to download it to my phone.
#EMAIL#
07/01/###NUMBER###
I purchased with #PRS_ORG#, but I think I entered my corporate email when I purchased today, the email is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# app on my phone with the email account #EMAIL#, will I have to download the app again with the corporate email account?
I purchased Range book.
it appears on #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but it gives an error when trying to open it
#EMAIL#
Range
ok
"Opa, it wasn't possible to open this document. There may be an issue with the file.
Try syncing your e-reader if you are still unable to open it. Contact the #PRS_ORG# Customer Service at #URL#
okay
Okay
Done.
now a menu has appeared to choose the language
language
I made the login again and it is downloading the book Range again.
I am waiting for the download that started automatically to end.
entered
I had already done this, but okay, it's important that it worked.
It must have lacked something
thank you
That is all, thank you very much and happy new year.
good job
Okay, thank you!
After factory reset the tablet does not initialize any more.
When I try to set up wi-fi I get an update error.
I've already tried resetting again and wiping the cache too, but it's not working.
What should I do?
thank you.
Sorry I don't have an account
I believe it is the simplest, the #PRS_ORG#
this
yes no complete the connection
#7
Error #7
How can I update via the android robot using the USB drive option?
yes I am at my computer
and the tablet is connected
no
I will install it.
now I have it ready
if the e-reader is the tablet, then yes it is
I would like to remind you that I did a factory reset on the tablet
there is no such option
After the first screen where I select the language and press Get started, I get the screen to set up wi-fi and I do not have an option to not configure it.
All I have are the options Scan, Add Network, Back, Next, and selecting some Wi-Fi network.
Yes, I'm turning it off right now
Rebinding again
just called and got the message that the #PRS_ORG#ou
What is the #PRS_ORG#?
No, how?
#NAME#, thank you very much for your help and patience, but I have to leave now.
I am going to try another time to seek help here.
Thank you and have a good day.
What's your email?
Okay, thank you.
Good night
I purchased a book, paying via #PRS_ORG#, but the book isn't showing up in my account.
Good evening,
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
This evening, #PRS_ORG#.
Yes
Ok
I am trying to upload the image
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Okay
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction I made about 25 minutes ago, I only received this information
I did not receive an invoice from #PRS_ORG#
Until then I do not have access to the book or can buy it, right?
OK, thank you
No.
I'll wait for an e-mail with the resolution.
I can't open the book I bought.
I can't open the book I bought.
I think it was January 4th.
Thank you
Yes, I am unable to open and read it
Thank you
I carry in the book to open it and read it and page goes back to the beginning
It’s not just a matter of opening.
Yes
Yes, in the app of my #PRS_ORG#
Yes
Isn't it supposed to?
#PRS_ORG#
Yes if possible.
It's already here.
Or rather I had already done this before contacting you
But I did it again now
Doesn't work
It still won't open
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I click on the book to open it and it won't open.
Go back to the same spot as you are in the image
I touched it as you asked and it still won't open
Yesterday evening I was able to open it.
Today it does not work.
OK I have logged out
It's done
Thank you
Hello, I would like to transfer my books from the account #PRS_ORG# to #EMAIL# and delete that first email from my account.
Thank you
No merit, #NAME#, of the first... And they put a #PRS_ORG# in the second one these days for confirmation purposes
Yes, he told me, but I can't see them there
The #PRS_ORG# app
#PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thank you, we sometimes forget to try the obvious.
No, that was it, thank you
Ok
#PRS_ORG#
Hello. Good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook started giving trouble again, I cannot open any book.
#EMAIL#
Sorry, but, what is an e-reader?
I had the same problem with a book a week or so ago.
I use it on the phone, #PRS_ORG#.
All the books show up, they just don't open.
On the notebook, it works normally.
Hello, yes it did.
I already had this problem with 1 book, which did not open, appears, but it did not open.
Now they are all.
Okay
Cell phone, it works fine on the notebook.
It's okay
Dear Sirs, good evening, I would like to remove the card that is saved on my profile without inserting another one at the moment, is it possible?
Dear guests, good evening, how can I remove the card that is saved on my profile without putting another one in at the moment?
Dear friends, good evening, I would like to remove the card which is saved on my profile without entering another at the moment, is this possible?
then for me it only shows the option to edit and not delete.
Yes please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
for me it's just like this, if you can delete it would help me a lot
just deleted the card, right #NAME#?
only that #NAME#, thanks for your attention ok?
A question, would there not be the option in the future of bank slip?
to pay by boleto instead of paying by card
thank you so much for your help #NAME# I will be sending it, have a nice day
I bought the e-book 'Seminário dos Ratos' via #PRS_ORG# on 11/29/#NUMBER# for R$ 11, 96 (promo).
I already paid via credit card.
Until today, I haven't received it.
I would like to know what happened and if I will receive the book.
Thank you for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
I also cannot on my #PRS_ORG# because it does not appear to me on any of the devices.
It is as if I had not purchased it.
The books I bought previously appear normally.
But not this one.
Okay, just a moment please.
It appeared.
What a joy!!!!
Thank you so much!!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Have a great afternoon.
Thanks.
I have bought a #PRS_ORG# form and the EReader has locked.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
January of this year
I purchased from your site on December 24 the #PRS_ORG# in the shape with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# and the device was blocked.
It won't turn pages or turn off.
I see the text that was on the screen.
It had about 80% charge.
Not one time that it had so much charge so as not to spoil the battery
No.
It is already connected
It's already connected and has already restarted.
There was no more battery.
Yes, and it's charging now
Good evening, I acquired the book Crónicas e caprichos, but it disappeared from #PRS_ORG#'s books.
It appears in my customer area but when I synchronise it does not appear in the #PRS_ORG#.
When searching for the book in the store in the #PRS_ORG#, it appears as never bought.
I think when they updated the edition of the book, it was no longer recognised by the device.
I request help, thank you.
Hello, I bought the book "Crónicas y caprichos", but it disappeared from my #PRS_ORG# library. It still shows up in my customer account, but it doesn't show up when I sync it. When I search for the book in the #PRS_ORG# store, it appears as if I never bought it. I think that when you updated the book's edition, it was no longer recognized on my device. I need help, thank you.
The midnight sun
thank you.
#NAME#
one moment please
it still doesn't appear...
I think so
I think that it might have to do with the new edition
because the book appears in my account on the web browser, but not on the device #PRS_ORG#
exactly
one moment please
#NAME#
thank you very much
All done, thank you.
good job and good night!
Good afternoon,
I have been trying since yesterday to buy an ebook from your website but the internal server error #NUMBER# always appears at the moment of the transaction.
How can I solve this situation and acquire the e-book?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
the only ebook I have right now
the only ebook I have at the moment
#NAME#
ok
currently the computer
#PRS_ORG#
the error that appears is the following
Visitor uploaded: error-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
it's already
now I am in the purchase area
I already left.
do you want him to come back?
OK
I will then add this
I have already added
ok
I did it!
Thank you so much for your help.
no, that was all
thank you very much once again
Ok, I'll respond
APP #PRS_ORG# desktop informs me that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I have bought ebooks.
I request immediate recovery, please.
#EMAIL#
At the moment I don't know when I bought them; more or less 3 to 5 years ago
Yes, that is correct.
I am waiting.
Thanks.
Good afternoon.
The app #PRS_ORG# desktop informs me that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I do have ebooks that I purchased.
I downloaded it again, but it still says the same thing.
Yes.
Yes.
Ready.
where is the settings link.
Can you see my account?
When you log in, there is a help button at the top
I don't find the link
I understand, but I don’t know how to proceed.
Yes.
Okay.
I did the login #PRS_ORG# and it says that it did not find the account
Yes.
Yes.
OK.
perfect.
Yes, trying to see.
I accessed the page
I'm grabbing the ticket.
I entered the password, but it didn't work
We did not find an account with that email or address.
OK.
Thank you.
Good day.
I bought 2 books last night, but I can not read them on my #PRS_ORG#.
I have already synchronized it but the problem persists.
Thanks in advance!
I bought 2 books last night but could not read on my #PRS_ORG#.
Yesterday evening from 21st of January to 22nd of January
Thanks!
The books that I bought last night are Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind and The Tattooist of Auschwitz
The covers of the books appear in " My Books" but when I want to open to read it says " Oops!
This document could not be opened!
and it said there is probably an issue with the file.
and it asks me to sync my ereader but the problem persists
and #PRS_ORG# has already sent the purchase receipt to my email
Yes.
I can open it on my mobile
okay!
thank you, 🙏🏽
ok
ok.
I will inform you about something
still not finished
it still has the problem
I am trying again
Good morning!
I would like to know about technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG#, that burned the internal light.
Good morning!
22/11
How are you?
I am.
then, it is old
the light is not working anymore
wow, let me find out
perae
: #PRS_ORG# (Qty: 1)
How do I do this?
Okay.
#NAME#!
if it doesn't work, there's no assistance?
good
ummm
I wrote it wrong
I'm sorry
#EMAIL#
it's really old haha
but I say that even if I pay, will I be able to fix it?
aaah I understand
ok.
I hope it's this procedure he taught from scratch
right
thank you very much for the orientation.
no.
That's all
Good day!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How do I do that?
#EMAIL#
23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, the Account Settings option doesn't appear
The page disappeared.
Now when I type #URL# it enters directly into #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
In the left corner there is an option for “Entrar” and there is no option for “Minha conta”
Information arrives: We did not find an account with that address......Please check if you typed correctly
What do you mean?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do this?
The following message pops up: To keep your #PRS_ORG# account safe, we've locked you out after five failed attempts at signing in.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
ok
A link came for me to enter.
Is that right?
Okay.
I created a new password and got this message: We could not find an account with this email address or password.
Please check if you typed correctly.
Is it really so?
OK I managed to log in.
Whew!!
Now I'm in account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria Cultura click on link that account?
She went back to #PRS_ORG# and clicked Enter.
When I clicked on enter, it came up with this: We didn't find an account with this e-mail address or password.
Please check if you have typed correctly.
I repeated the steps of “link this account beside #PRS_ORG#” and always came the message above
above
What is this?
Yes, normal
I have already contacted #PRS_ORG# and they tried and said that the problem is with #PRS_ORG# and that I should contact you... it is difficult, hein?
OK
Yes, it can.
Solve the problem
Okay.
My #PRS_ORG# does not work, I tried to charge it but it does not turn on.
The model is #PRS_ORG#, where can I get assistance?
#EMAIL#
I don't have that information, I never used the #PRS_ORG#, I won more but it doesn't work
ok
for what I understand yes
I put it on the charger, both on the pc and on the socket but it does not turn on any light and does not charge
no*
Yes, but it does not work
What other connection, what type?
Does it need to be a specific cable?
Sorry, I didn't understand.
OK
the light does not turn on
My #PRS_ORG# is the #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C model, it doesn't have on-off button, but a button that moves sideways
My God, it’s been so long
Is there somewhere that does maintenance on this device?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Do you still manufacture?
Is there a place to get maintenance?
I understood
Doesn't exist maintenance for this model or for none of them?
and even so you suggest that I buy another one?
For a product that does not have assistance if I need it?
Thanks for the information, understood.
Good evening
I'm seeing that there will be many people unhappy like me.
THAT FILING A COMPLAINT FORM
THIS IS TERRIBLE IF NOT #PRS_ORG#
I can't buy anything from #PRS_ORG# store, I already changed my card two times, I already changed my account, I went to #PRS_ORG# and I didn't get any answer, I want to know how can I fill out your book of complaints?
I'M WAITING
WHEN I GET TO THE END OF THE PURCHASE IT SIMPLY SAYS ERROR! UPS
ERROR AND CAN'T FINISH THE PURCHASE
NÃO IT WASN'T BETTER TO BE CHARGED AND NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT IN #PRS_ORG#
You cannot finish the purchase
NO
ALREADY #NAME#
I'M GOING TO KEEP BUYING BUT I'VE DONE THIS AT LEAST THREE TIMES
I have done it already
I already did it.
I did and it gives me the same error
BUT I HAVE DONE THIS THREE TIMES AT LEAST
I already changed my card twice, I already updated the data on my account several times.
What does #NAME#?
I am already on the third book I am trying to buy and the error is always the same
it's better
but there is a deadline for returning the equipment (which I will do) and filling out the complaint book
On the website, but I first tried on the e-reader and the result was the same.
did not answer how can I preenceher a complaint book or how can I make my deep displeasure reach the #PRS_ORG#
where?
For help?
thank you
I bought a #PRS_ORG#, after I backed it up, it does not leave the wifi screen.
After backing up it does not exit from the wifi screen.
#EMAIL#
I do not remember ebook purchases, I only use it as a tablet
no that was a purchase that I made on a trip to Canada about 5 years ago
Is there something you can do or did I lose the product?
I'm unable to get out of the screen, meaning I can't use it as a tablet anymore
I already downloaded it on the PC
however, it asks to connect the #PRS_ORG#
when I turn it on, it stays on the WIFI screen
no
I entered the app
nothing
only the wifi screen
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I think my case has no solution, lol
nothing else appears except the language option screens
and wifi
in other words
I can't go anywhere
my computer recognizes the device
no
are you alright
thank you for trying to help me
Happy New Year...for you too!!
Thank you!!
Good day
I am in need of some help.
I’m #PRS_ORG# years old and have never had any problems with syncing.
I still used it without problems in November.
Today I'm not managing to do it.
It doesn’t recognize my email and I can’t remember my password.
I have pending e-books and can’t sync.
if you can help me, I will appreciate it.
In reality, I don't know because I had a problem with my first e-mail address that was #EMAIL#.
The current one is #EMAIL#.
I believe that my daughter-in-law was the one who configured it the first time, so the password is #NUMBER#.
#PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to log in using #PRS_ORG# because it doesn't recognize my email or password either.
Including my library which is gone.
I had a lot of books on it and they all disappeared.
I may be entering it incorrectly.
I have #NUMBER# years old and I consider myself a heroine in informatics because I’m good with these things, but now it gave me a knot.
I see your books on the system. If you want I can ask #PRS_ORG# to setup a #PRS_ORG# log in so you can enter with a new password from us.
it may be
but then you have to help me and guide me
yes
if I find you later okay kkkk
then use the second email #EMAIL#
it would have to be changed there.
my phone is #NAME#
I think that's the number registered
in this reconfiguration I do not lose what is already downloaded in #PRS_ORG#
A new account?
and what's the password
how to modify the registration at cultura?
I tried to talk to them, the telephone I have is #NAME#, they answered but when I spoke about #PRS_ORG# the call was cut and they didn't answer me anymore.
If you have a phone number to help me, I appreciate.
Is there any problem with the #PRS_ORG# being different from the Cultura account?
Now I remember that I last used the #PRS_ORG# to buy books at the store #PRS_ORG#
I have more than #NUMBER# books
ok
For now, not.
I thank you for your patience and attention.
Have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I will wait.
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# is fading
#EMAIL#
I think it’s been 1 year already
Thank you for your response.
His e-reader is turning off. There is a lot of functional material in it, but I can't read anything in it.
Yes it is always charged I have never left it to discharge or dropped it
I let it go to factory settings to see if it would come back but the letters are so dim that I can't even read right
I have already done that.
The screen is still the same way.
What do you mean?
It responds normally, the only problem is that the letters and images are practically erased
Hi
Yes
Yes
Ok
No.
Yes
I did it the way you told me, but nothing came up.
Yes
It is like it has been turned off
Nevertheless, you can still see the books that I have
It's even possible to see the word "carinho" written in the off position.
It's not turning on, I think the screen got stuck.
It's not turning on.
Ok
It did not come back
The eReader did not turn on and the background is still very light, showing the books
Is there anything else we can do besides the thing you are talking about?
Why is it that it was only with the screen with letters and images that are half faded, now that I did what you said it is not even turning on
Not now it's not working at all
It's like it's on screen saver, it keeps saying it's turned off but it shows the books and it says "off", but I can't do anything with it
Now it's getting very hot.
Yes
Do you have any technical assistance in SP?
I pick up the following conversation.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I'm continuing conversation with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Please be aware that if you toggle between applications, lock your phone or switch to another window while speaking with us, you may be disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience, please remain active in this chat window.
(03:30:#NUMBER# PM) Customer Service: Due to a large number of inquiries, our response time may be delayed a bit.
We apologize for any inconvenience and will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible, thank you for your patience.
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thank you for contacting us, please indicate the email you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I want to buy a book but I can't complete the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book I bought was Lisboa em Camisa
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Thank you for the information.
I would be glad to help you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Allow me a moment to check your account of #PRS_ORG#.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for waiting.
(03:36:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I ask if you filled in your billing information when trying to make your book purchase?
(03:38:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: In a second stage I reviewed (confirming) the payment instructions as I was suggested in the message that said the payment wasn't made
(03:39:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I see that there were some attempts of purchase that didn't go through.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes, when an error occurs during the transaction, the banks won't let you make any more purchase attempts.
(03:40:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Can you contact your bank to check if they have added a restriction on our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I will check.
(03:43:#NUMBER# PM)
the last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisbon in a Jersey
yes and they informed me that on their part there is no problem to do the transaction
OK
Yes, now it worked
Good night,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I have to hold down the power button to turn off my device completely?
#EMAIL#
I do not have any purchases made
I received my device today only
But sleep mode uses up a lot of battery.
When I first turned it on it had 59% and now it only has 39%
I have already tried faster than what you told me but it never disconnected.
It just went into standby.
I bought this phone because I've always heard that its battery lasts a long time....
Could there be anything wrong?
I did not charge it, just plugged it in the computer to import the books.
Before messing with it, I read the manuals.
And I have found nothing on this subject in the manual or on the internet.
I believe so but as I said, I didn't find that information on any of the sides.
I'm sorry but I didn't understand
I can't.
I charge until I suppose I said that it is off and nothing happens.
I repeat that it only goes into sleep mode.
How much time?
But I already told you that it does not happen
This is the seventh time I am doing this and it only goes into suspension
How?
What about the battery?
What about the battery problem?
Will I be without my books?
And the battery?
The battery issue that I talked about earlier....
How so?
But did you not understand that you did not mention this in the manuals and in absolutely nowhere?
If it is that important it should be mentioned in the manual.
So basically I paid for a device that supposedly has long battery life and because I didn't charge it for the initial 4 hours I lost that capacity???
Can it take weeks???
The device is new.
And as I have already said, it came with 59% of battery (was switched on at 13h) and now it's already past midnight and it only has 37% and I didn't even use it, it's always been in sleep mode.
I already reset to factory settings.
It still does not turn off
I charged it more than #NUMBER# seconds and nothing appeared, it only entered standby mode 5 seconds after charging.
For the rest, nothing happened
One way or another, it doesn't turn off
Tomorrow I will contact the store where I bought it and ask for a new device or the money back.
Good night
Brazilian Portuguese: Bom dia
In the #PRS_ORG# physical store I asked if I could offer ebooks and they said yes that all I had to do was buy on the website and I would receive a link and then send the link to the person.
But from what I noticed this does not happen.
I bought an ebook now and it seems to me that it is only associated with my account, right?
What is the way to offer this ebook to another person?
#NAME#,
#NAME#,
#NAME#,
9th January #NUMBER#
Good morning #NAME#
The book is a present, not for me.
How can I give it to whoever I want to give it to without it remaining on my library?
Is it possible?
Yes, that's correct.
I had purchased a physical item from #PRS_ORG# and the person asked me to exchange it for an ebook.
At #PRS_ORG# I made the return and they said that if I bought on the website a link would be issued to download the book and it was enough to send the link to the person I wanted to give the ebook to.
But that's not what happened.
Or it might be me not understanding anything about the subject.
Or both ahah
So there is no way to offer it?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store money cards, right?
In this case I prefer just the refund of the money as I won't be using the book and the person doesn't have access to it.
The purchase was a mistake.
I did not even open the ebook, as you can probably see from the history.
I would appreciate in this case for the refund to be sent via the same payment method.
Thank you #NAME#
Thank you so much #NAME#
That was all.
Thank you very much.
Will the contact be by email?
Yes, but if it is necessary for the purposes of this process, I can also be contacted at phone number #PHONENUMBER#.
No
That's all
Thanks again
Good afternoon. I can't change the password on account #PRS_ORG#, I would like to do so to give access to an ebook I bought to offer as a gift.
Greetings
#NAME#
December 25
#EMAIL#
24
of December
Sorry
Thank you for the information.
right, but this is to give access to my dad to offer the book as a present
The objective is that
ok but I needed a way for him to access it
through log in
through my account with a pass and my email associated
no
ok everything is fine
and it is not even possible for me to log in normally, for example
okay but then I try
and it is not accepting, or do I have to go through the #PRS_ORG# site
thank you very much :L)
I have already been able to access using that option with #PRS_ORG#
I cannot access the books I purchased
#EMAIL#
I purchased via #PRS_ORG#, but I cannot access it
The courage to be imperfect
I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# account to the #PRS_ORG# one.
via mobile phone #PRS_ORG#
okay, it says that there are problems with synchronization
I do the login on the #PRS_ORG# and then I try to associate the #PRS_ORG#
now I logged in using #PRS_ORG# and I am trying to associate again
says it can't find the account
I tried, but I can’t find it either
on the website of #PRS_ORG# I always log in normally
yes
and when I try to synchronize it says that the system is unavailable
hello
but I am logging in normally to #PRS_ORG# and to #PRS_ORG# I can only associate
I'll try.
I am still changing it.
We did not find an account with this email or password.
Check if you typed correctly.
This is it.
both of them are the same email
I can log in to #PRS_ORG# through the #PRS_ORG# account, but when I go through the bookstore, this message shows up
but when logging directly in the #PRS_ORG# website it works
Thank you, I am waiting for your response
just that
Thank you.
Since January I haven’t been able to pay #PRS_ORG# at #PRS_ORG#, and so I can't shop like I used to.
My credit limit is the same
#EMAIL#
Various ones, High ground, The joe nesbo knife, etc.
I lost the connection, or are you checking?
I have already tried this.
my computer
#PRS_ORG# site
What private browser?
I didn't notice, I always did it the same way.
I do not even know if it is possible to buy anonymously
But how?
I log in to the site, delete my information and buy?
how do I pay?
A portable with #PRS_ORG#
I don’t get it, do I leave the site?
She wants me to sign up for #PRS_ORG# again.
Wouldn't it be better if we talked directly?
But why?
Can't I do it with my password and email?
I can't understand it.
Leaving the chat won't follow up the check
I have not figured out yet how you enter anonymously, I have never entered.
They ask for my email and password to go to my account
Can it be a mobile phone?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you go through the process with me over the phone, or not?
No, I've never done that.
I want to do it on the PC, but talk to me
Our conversation is not going well because I don't know anything about computing
I'll try again  and if it does not go well, I'll have to go back to chat?
Answer what I ask sff
Good morning, my #PRS_ORG# went into recovery mode, and I no longer understand it
Enter the page of the #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
great #NAME#
he goes into the configuration screen, I can log in with the wifi network, date and time, he tries to do an update but it always gives an error
About 4 years
Yes
it is open
ask for email and password
I was able to log in
It appears that no books are found
Several of them yes
the last purchase was less than 1 month ago
It's the same email I passed to you
no
yes
I bought through the device itself
I have an email from #PRS_ORG#, #EMAIL#
let me check.
yes what do I do
right one moment
#NAME#, I can't log in with this email, there is no account found
I tried to enter by clicking on the icon, like you told me, but there was not an option to enter with the new account, I entered again on the link you sent, and it shows that no account was found with this email
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
How can I do it
The options that exist are a new tab, new window, and anonymous new window
Sure and then
Don’t you have anything to say to me yet?
#NAME#, dear, can you tell me why I cannot finalize the purchase of ebooks on #PRS_ORG#?
I was in the chat with Mr/Ms #NAME# but I was not told anything
#EMAIL#
High land.
I don't use the #PRS_ORG#
May I use the #PRS_ORG#?
But for that they had to give me the data for payment and the situation would not be regularized
How is this checked?
But I do not know how to check this
And this problem only started about a month ago.
What will I need?
ok
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
The msg when I try to finalize the purchase is “OPs an error has occurred”.
#PRS_ORG#, with no message
How do I capture the screen?
I already checked the message that appears and sent it previously
It's a laptop with docking station
Where does one see this?
Okay.
Waiting for an answer.
Thank you.
I do not remember my login and password for #PRS_ORG# (I can not activate).
Perhaps there is some old account (which I do not remember) that is unlinked from #PRS_ORG#.
I need to re-activate and get back my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please, I have no options, I'm totally stuck.
My current email is #EMAIL# (in #PRS_ORG#).
In #PRS_ORG#, I don't remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two books in English essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
Gone with the Wind - Margaret Mitchell
I am unable to access #PRS_ORG#, nor log in to #PRS_ORG# (I do not remember the initial login, maybe it is an old and duplicated one).
Before logging out of #PRS_ORG#, I synchronized several times and it did not download the latest purchase of #PRS_ORG# - Then I logged out and I could no longer identify the old login (and duplicated, I believe), nor the new one: by the email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that is the old one - I don't use that email anymore, it was #EMAIL#, it's inactive.
I need it to be the one from the current culture: #EMAIL#
I just did it, and it does not recognize it
"No account with this email address or password was found.
Check if you have entered the email address or password correctly."
That was the option I tried.
he doesn't recognize the account
also didn't work
It might be better to unlink the old one, so as to make it "cleaner".
I really like #PRS_ORG# and I want to use it forever
Therefore, option 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Did it work?
Thank you very much!!!
Thank you very much indeed!!
To you also, a very nice day !!!
I bought two ebooks and don't know how to view them??
#EMAIL#
#NUMBER# ebooks Corpo Astral and Corpo Mental on 01/14/###
I have already downloaded from the website #URL#, but I don't know how to access the ebook??
How do I do it?
Can I start now??
Is the chat going to go offline?
Ape
A screen appears, but it doesn’t have the option “NO”.
It's not a configuration screen.
When I accessed the website #URL#, a screen popped up saying: How can we help?
no, but the system sent me and I followed your instructions.
I plan to buy several ebooks from the same site.
If we can solve the problem, it would be good for everyone...
It is this screen that appears
There's no option to choose NO.
He downloaded and chose NO
Is that right?
Do I click exe?
He asks if I can let the app make changes?
Execute the #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon was created
It opened a login screen and create account is that right?
The system says it has not found an account or password...
Yes.
It said sync complete
Did it open a help home page??
It's not opening the screen.
The two books appear, but when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open it?
Thank you #NAME#.
Good night.
Good afternoon
I have owned a #PRS_ORG# for years, it is asking for a new configuration and I am not able to.
What do I do?
I need to speak to someone.
Please help me old desperate (67a) Thanks
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, I was buying The Count of #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect with the wi-fi, it recognizes it as correct and then it shows a page indicating a network error.
No way!
And yes to START the e-read.
Detail: I didn't touch anything and I didn't do anything different that I have been doing for years.
I am a layman in "computer" how do I do?
How do I begin?
clicked
What is #NAME#?
What are you transferring now?
It has been done and now?
Three items appeared: #PRS_ORG#(5) #PRS_ORG#(6) and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the downloads folder
I am a zero to the left in computer.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" I guess?
It opens as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I perform?
It is running
Done and created a shortcut on the desktop.
I opened the program
Ok I did step 5
I can't do ANYTHING and the #PRS_ORG# is completely crazy.
I am even more lost than before
It seems like I've succeeded, I'm trying to access the #PRS_ORG#.
I am trying to log in with #PRS_ORG# and it does not recognize the e-mail.
I can't, I'm losing my patience.
I'm old and I NEED TO ASK QUESTIONS SPEAKING, I CAN'T DO IT.
PLEASE HELP ME SOLVE MY PROBLEM. HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
Thank you
You don’t understand, you were born with the computer, I was not.
Your didactic is great for those who understand informatics, but not in my case.
I'm very thankful  for your brilliant attention.
What you do is social exclusion.
Greetings
Do you want to help me?
Tell me a phone so that I can call and possibly solve the problems of the "damn" device.
I do not change my opinion: it is social exclusion.
One day you'll feel how it's like to go through a similar situation.
I just ordered the book the Box trilogy o século
And there was a message saying there was a problem with the card.
I repeated the purchase 'three times and the same message appeared.
However my card approved all the purchases.
What do I do?
I don't have any idea.
#EMAIL#
The man q loved the dogs.
Where can I find that?
In the #PRS_ORG#?
Why are they failed?
Regarding these failed requests, are they cancelled?
#NAME#, is it possible to perform this procedure on my mobile phone?
It is that I am not exactly a hacker, kkk
Good day!
Good morning!
My #PRS_ORG# doesn’t turn on any more, I want to access my books through the app, but I can’t remember the password and my email has changed.
How can I proceed to recover my books?
The old email was #EMAIL#
the current one is #EMAIL#
I think it was Sappiens from #NAME#
that's it
many others
All my books are on this account.
Look, I buy the books with the #PRS_ORG# and they go to the #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# is down
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was from the company I used to work for
I no longer have that email and when I put in my password it goes to that email address and I forget it
I need the password sent to my email #EMAIL#.
Can you help me?
Thank you very much
it would be awesome
The email login remains #EMAIL#
and I put in the email and forgot the password
what about?
is this so?
OK, thank you!
am I supposed to wait here?
Ok
I see
We can't find an account with this email address or password.
Please check if you typed it correctly.
I entered the password and received this msg
Okay
Okay
OK
It worked.
It didn't work
I am still without access.
Yes.
it was the quw
Hello
We did not find an account with that email address or password.
Please check if you have entered your details correctly.
I log in with #EMAIL#
And I put in the password and it doesn't work
I will try with the #PRS_ORG#
now it entered, where do I locate the books?
I'm at the website
I did not understand.
On the website
I'll try here
Thank you.
something called again
thank you for your attention
Hello, I was setting up my billing address but there is no field for setting up the tax identification number.
The invoice will not be valid.
Where can I set the tax number to purchase books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
I am speaking to whom?
In English it is VAT number
There is no field to define this.
and in order to get an invoice, the VAT number must be provided.
okay, and how do I get in contact with you?
can I send the order to a certain email?
Yes, VAT in English is IVA in Portuguese.
I noticed
Yes, what is the email?
I am going to buy a book now and try to ask for an invoice.
if I don't succeed I ask for help from you
2 minutes
I have finished the purchase.
but now I need the invoice
Looks like in the mean time I am not talking to the same person..
#NAME#, I spoke to your colleague before because I need an invoice and there was no place on the site to define the NIF
So I needed the invoice of the purchase I made
I just bought the book "Chronicle of Passions and Caprices" from #NAME#
it can send invoice with the following data:
NIF/ VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
City and Postal Code: #ADDRESS#
Country: Portugal
Thank you very much!
No, that's it.
Good job!
Also!
#EMAIL#
I signed up today
I plan to make my first purchase now
Hello
I am trying to make the online purchase but during the processing, the screen gets blocked and the purchase is not processed
is this a chat ?
I have already tried making the purchase using different credit cards, with different search engines, on my laptop and my smartphone, and even on the smartphone app
the screen always freezes
I already tried from smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and from this laptop from #PRS_ORG#
the portable is personal
and the smartphone is personal as well
I have no idea what VPN is
I already tried to make the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with a laptop, with a smartphone and with the smartphone's application
if there is no solution ok
it must be a #PRS_ORG# problem as I have never had this issue before
I tried
I cleaned cookies and stuff
and I tried to buy again
It got blocked again
they must have a problem
in the processing
credit card
I already tried with one #PRS_ORG# and with one #PRS_ORG#
I don't use #PRS_ORG#
considering everything that I already tried, the problem must be with #PRS_ORG#
Ok
Okay
Ok
I am trying to make the purchase online, but when it's time to pay, the screen freezes and the purchase is not processed.
still blocked
It got blocked again
when I advance, a series of small bars appear that make a circular movement
indefinitely
How do I go to that "anonymous mode"?
I have never had difficulty to buy online.
well... thanks for your attempts
Good, I tried everything but it didn't work
I think your site is having problems with the payment processing
Good evening.
I will buy the audio book from another site
I can't sync the #PRS_ORG# account and #PRS_ORG#.
It always says that the password is wrong, even though it's the same password I used to log in on the #PRS_ORG# site
#EMAIL#
01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I receive it when I try to log in
Yes, I can.
I replied the e-mail.
#NAME#
But this happens when I try to link the account
When I go into my account/authenticate account
It opens the login of the account #PRS_ORG# and says it's wrong
Just a minute.
I am at the computer that is why the delay.
I am trying to capture the screen
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
the option to enter the login of the culture does not appear
when I click to link the account, the #PRS_ORG# account login opens
and it shows up with this error
but the login that is giving the error is the one from #PRS_ORG#
have you ever experienced this same error when opening the application?
Dear gentlemen, my books have all disappeared from ereader, how should I proceed?
Dear Sirs, all my books disappeared from my e-reader, how should I proceed?
I can't remember...
Another email that might have been used is:
I don't remember...
Good morning to be born of the #NAME#
That is a title: Book = Good Morning to be born
That book disappeared and many others so more than #NUMBER# books
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yes I bought it now to test but I had more than #NUMBER# books...
Is there any other way, #PRS_ORG# found all my books but could not transfer, they asked me to contact you
All purchased
The possible emails are:
Dear Sirs, my books have all disappeared from my ereader, what should I do?
Dear sirs, all my books disappeared from my ereader, how should I proceed?
#EMAIL# (I no longer have access)
Thank you...
And now what?
the last email I do not have access anymore.
I can log in with #EMAIL# but there are only three books, do I have to log in with the email that I no longer have access to: #EMAIL# ?
#NAME#, but then when he asks me password ?
I have not used this email in many years...
Is it possible to transfer to the account:
#EMAIL#?
OK, I will then wait.
Thank you
OK...
OK thank you very much, big hug...
At the moment, no.
Everything is okay.
Thank you, have a good weekend.
Bye and all the best...
I bought two books a few days ago on the #PRS_ORG# website, but the book won't open and gives an error message: Opa!
This document cannot be opened.
There is probably a problem with your file.
(I have already synchronized and restarted the e-reader and it did not resolve the issue)
I purchased two books a few days ago on the site of #PRS_ORG# but the book does not open and gives me an error message: "Opa!
Delta de Vênus (I bought it a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
The Delta of Venus and A House of Happy Buddies.
I didn’t find item 5.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would the item be Log out?
I could not find the item to log out
Okay
I'm defining
I'm not remembering the password.
I will create a new one.
Is that all?
Ok
He directed me to log in at #PRS_ORG#
OK.
I found it
She is logging into the #PRS_ORG#
Does it mean that if I buy books on another site I will have to do the same to be able to read them?
Right.
Will I automatically enter just if I buy from #PRS_ORG#?
Everything is okay.
I managed to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations on your patience
Where can I give praise?
No.
Good night and happy life.
:) Thanks.
Good morning
I am having trouble accessing a book that I just bought.
In the program of the #PRS_ORG# not on the computer and not on the phone he is not in the library.
#EMAIL#
it was today, 02/11/2021
Exactly.
I downloaded the application from #PRS_ORG#, I have :) #PRS_ORG# on my computer and Android on my smartphone
right
Right.
the book now appears in the library
you're making the transfer
yes it looks like the book is working fine on the android device
ok
Yes, I have already done that
the library is my books, right?
I clicked on the icon but nothing appears
I do not see any profile icon
No...
the #PRS_ORG# logo and a search window
no
can I send a picture?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Okay =)
already installed
and I am seeing that the latest book is being downloaded automatically
thank you so much for your help =)
No, it's just that.
Thank you very much.
Hello, the mu #PRS_ORG# is not working properly, the touch screen is not working.
#EMAIL#
One of the books I have on the #PRS_ORG# is called 10% happier
doesn't react at all.
it turns on normally, it's charging but none of the touch works
not even by connecting it to a computer is it possible to activate any commands on the screen
right
ok
only aura
I don't have access to the wifi
okay
I can not remove the lid
Is it the back of the #PRS_ORG#?
or a specific cover?
I am trying to remove the cover on the bottom
apparently it can't be removed
it's not clearer, it's the same message.
I am trying to open the back but it is very hard.
I don’t want to force it.
right
How do I proceed to see the possibility of replacement?
it was purchased in #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It's okay
Right.
Thank you.
I can’t open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your application but I still can't open my ebook on my computer.
It says it is syncing and that's it
Good afternoon
The email associated with my account is:
Hello,
The email associated with my account is: #EMAIL#
I only have one ebook
I bought it on Friday.
Introduction to industrial organization
ZIP code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
what is the profile icon
I already did it.
The ebook is in my account.
It was always there!
I can't open it
I already did all of that and it didn't work.
To whom can I address a complaint and ask for a refund.
Now an email appeared saying: synchronization ended
and now?
How can I open the book???
It has already opened.
Terrible service!
No
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
Endgame
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes now and then, it's happening right now, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens
endgame
The screen on my #PRS_ORG# locks up from time to time, this is happening at the moment, even if I turn it off and turn it back on nothing happens.
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect with the desktop application to make updates, but since the screen is blocked I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the PC
even today
spent the morning charging
I'll try it.
I am already in the instructions for setup
the problem is that no matter how much I touch the screen, I can't do anything
it seems that the screen sensor does not work
That is correct.
Is there no possible arrangement?
unfortunately the #PRS_ORG# is not in warranty anymore
It's always when it ends that the problems appear
and won't a partner, like #PRS_ORG#, find a solution?
to stay the same or worse (if it is possible) it is better not to
Which of the ones currently on sale will be most similar to my #PRS_ORG#?
The discount you spoke about, how much would it be?
Would there be a time limit to use the discount?
if you don't mind, thank you
When I choose the device I want, how do I receive the discount code?
Do I have to contact you again?
OK
Thank you.
likewise!
I made a book purchase yesterday (2/10/21) and after syncing my #PRS_ORG# several times, it still won't load on my device.
The order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me some guidance?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- (#PHONENUMBER#)
The above: #EMAIL#
But I have another that maybe is on the registration: #EMAIL#
Is any data missing?
As I received an e-mail confirming the purchase.
Thank you
Option #PRS_ORG#?
I signed out and, now, when I try to log in, it appears that I must "Log in with #PRS_ORG#" - is this correct?
The book that I bought appeared, but several books that I had purchased previously disappeared.
How can I access them?
These were books bought from the #PRS_ORG# website.
But then, I have to keep alternating between logging in to #PRS_ORG# and the #PRS_ORG# store?
ok
I forgot the password of the #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it - sorry.
I just tried to access and the following page appeared:
A #PRS_ORG# account already exists with this email.
Linking your accounts allows you to access all the books in My Books.
- then there is the option to connect by #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG#.
I didn't do anything for now
there is the option "skip" the page.
Okay
do I skip this page ?
I understood that I had to skip it before logging out and ended up logging into the #PRS_ORG# account - but I think it worked because I can see the previous books and the one purchased yesterday.
Question: If I buy from the #PRS_ORG# store again, will the same thing happen (will I have to switch between logins)?
Understood.
Last question: is there a possibility that I only find an item in the #PRS_ORG# store and not in the #PRS_ORG# one?
I ask because when I bought this book, in principle I could not find it in the bookstore, only in the #PRS_ORG# store.
But now I see that it is also listed on the bookstore site (perhaps I made an error in the search).
Ok.
Thank you very much for your attention and kindness.
Good day.
Hello I sent a link request to recover my password and I haven't received anything on my email until now
#EMAIL#
I purchased an e-book today
09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello
Yes, that's right.
I forgot my password
Yes.
What should I do after logging in to #PRS_ORG#?
Ok.
I've already managed to do that.
But I have two more doubts.
Can you help me?
Actually, three.
The first doubt is if I change my cellphone, can I install the #PRS_ORG# App again, using only the password for #PRS_ORG#?
Or will I need a #PRS_ORG# password?
The second question is that I have an email linked to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was instructed to create a private email for my personal accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Ok for the first question.
My third question is that I accidentally removed an e-book that I purchased and I can no longer get it back.
Is it still possible to recover that book?
*I removed an e-book
Second doubt: that's why I'm trying to log in to the #PRS_ORG# website and since I don't remember the password, I can't change my email.
Can you help me?
In summary I need to reset the #PRS_ORG# password to change my account email and try to recover a book I removed accidentally.
*change
I am with the phone.
Is it possible to do this operation without a pc?
* without one
But I know my #PRS_ORG# password
I can only do that later.
Now I'm only on my phone.
What time does this chat service work until?
Okay.
I'll get in touch when I get home.
Thank you.
I can’t shop with a #PRS_ORG# card associated with my account giving me a server error
#EMAIL#
I still have not been able to make any purchases
Could I have gotten disconnected?
None, I just tried to make a purchase using the card, which I wasn't able to.
The books that I tried to buy are in the shopping cart.
In summary, the message is a server error, to try again later.
It is the message that before this contact was informed by you.
Error message in purchases with card #PRS_ORG#, server error, try again later.
At your information, it referred that the problem had already been solved, but this did not happen.
For that I would have to leave the chat, which does not seem advisable.
I will try.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There is a problem and this page cannot be loaded at this time.
Please try again later.
Do you continue to see this message?
Go to #URL#
I already tried but it won't work here because I can't load the image, but it is the message I receive
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
It's the best I could do
Exactly, with #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with the #PRS_ORG#, that I don't use anymore.
I only receive the message when I try to make the purchase.
I have already tried to buy the books one by one and the result was the same
Anonymous, how?
I still don't understand how to open an anonymous window
OK, what's next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, since I can't make any purchase at the moment, can you inform me if the anomaly is temporary or if it's just me, or any other procedure that I need to do.
Thank you
Thank you for all your availability and I hope I don't regret being a #PRS_ORG# customer.
Thank you.
To continue good work
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG#, AND THEY APPEARED ON MY CELL PHONE, BUT NOT ON #PRS_ORG#, HOW TO DO IT
#EMAIL#
12th February
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
It's 7 books Hidden Star, Maybe Someday, Behind your Eyes, Shadows of Summer, Do you remember me, A place in the Heart, The Disappearance of #NAME#
E-reader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Connecting... last synchronization on 01/29/21
It does not leave this screen
They entered my phone but not #PRS_ORG#, How do I do it?
Yes
Yes.
Thank you for the help.
Perfect
No.
Okay.
Have a nice day
Hello.
I have #PRS_ORG# application on my tablet, logged in #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account in #PRS_ORG#.
Each account has a specific password.
Now I have bought an ebook on #PRS_ORG#, but I do not know how to download it to my tablet application.
#EMAIL#.
On the tablet, I only have a sample of the book downloaded this month.
At #PRS_ORG#, I made the first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#).
ok
#PRS_ORG#
I did that.
The only thing that appeared in the initial screen was the sample I downloaded at the #PRS_ORG# store.
The ebook purchased from #PRS_ORG# does not appear.
As the #PRS_ORG# account is new, the problem may be that the two accounts - from the bookstore and from #PRS_ORG# - are not linked.
The same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a PDF copy.
Yes, the title is this one.
Ok, the book has been included.
Thank you.
For now it's just that.
Thank you again.
Ok.
Good day.
I bought a book and it was discounted 4 times from my card
ok
Good evening
Good evening,
18/02/#NUMBER#
ok
that
On the statement it is showing 4 transactions
I didn’t even get to use the product because the purchase was just made
I would like to cancel the purchase
please
The Magic of Time Management
From #NAME#
I am not able to, as it appears on my husband's phone
The bank app is not on my phone
And I am accessing it through my computer
I would like the cancellation of my purchase by right secured by the consumer protection code please
If I change screens will the chat close?
I work in the legal department and I am keeping track of everything that is being discussed
If I change the tab will it close the chat?
If I don't close the chat, I will try to send now
One moment
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
5 transactions were made.
Two were canceled and three were completed.
This is the maximum that I can send you
I do not have access to the bank account
I want the refund of only one charge, not of all of them
I don’t want the product, it is my right as a client
Okay
Thank you
That's great.
Only.
Thank you very much #NAME#!!
Sure thing!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day,
I just made the purchase of an e-book.
When I enter into my registered profile, in the option of purchase history, my product appears, but my product does not appear in my library... how to solve??
#EMAIL#
February 19 #NUMBER#
OK
if you check my library, you can see that the product does not appear
but it is in my purchase history
I am trying to read it on my #PRS_ORG# computer
the other books in my library I read normally
and this one specifically "it doesn't appear in my library"
on the internet
and if it appears there in the list of purchased products... why does not it appear in my library...
#NUMBER# years old.
and what does that have to do...
oh good...
ah yes...
I just wanted to understand
as it appears in my purchase history with you
is there any way that you could provide me with the product ID from #PRS_ORG# so that I could contact the partner.
That is okay then...
Thank you!!
Yes it was, but I always buy from there.
not very welcome!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good day,
I recently bought a #PRS_ORG#, but I am not able to connect it to the computer.
It only starts charging and does not show any option to connect.
Dear,
#NAME#
Yes.
and I have already tried it in more than one computer
Yes.
The home page
4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I'm doing what you recommended
n nothing appeared to connect to the computer and everything is the same...
the home page, which has the charging symbol
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
and still the same...
nothing appears
Yes
and when I try to configure it, it says to connect the device when it is already connected
Yes
And...
no, but thank you anyway
thank you and likewise
Good evening, I'm having trouble processing my payment
Good evening I have problems processing the payment
#EMAIL#
No purchases have been made so far
Hello?
But this process has been done many times already
It seems that the information is correct and the transaction appears "Transaction in progress", but suddenly the loading ends and it returns to the shopping cart
Ok
At this moment I'm trying to make the purchase again
The situation remains
The system assumes the transaction but returns to the shopping cart
Going through this same process again?
But I did it right now
I will let it be, thanks for the help, but it seems that nothing has been solved
Initially I was doing the process in the E-Reader application, since it didn't work I moved to the #PRS_ORG# browser in incognito mode
And it stays the same
I will do that and try again
No.
It's still the same
I cleaned the cookies and cache and in the checkout I entered again the payment information
it continues to return to the shopping cart without completing the transaction
I am doing it on the #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
In the mobile device, I made attempts by the #PRS_ORG# app
All right
Not a problem, it is just this one
I will wait for the response to the situation
I appreciate your attention
#PRS_ORG# stopped calling
#EMAIL#
not sure
the device doesn't turn on
turn on the screen light
blinks the switch light and nothing happens
It doesn’t turn on when I plug it into the computer.
it does not do manual restoration...
#PRS_ORG#
Okay, but nothing happened...
I have already tried with the device connected to the mains and nothing happened.
also connected to the computer's USB...nothing happened
I think this is the email
#EMAIL#
it was this email, since the other one is for work and I have had it for a short time
#PRS_ORG#
Many years ago
at least 5 years
Despite pressing the button for quite some time, it never turns off the screen completely, and it always stays with the #PRS_ORG# logo.
It never goes black and doesn't give any other image
when I let go of the button, the only thing that happens is the light of the button flashes, the screen turns on and... nothing happens...
at the moment it's connected to the usb port of the computer and I'm pressing the h+ button for more than a minute and nothing happens
Ok.
How to make the #PRS_ORG# glo sync/configure with computer?
#EMAIL#
i don't remember, it was saved, but I bought it el #NUMBER#
I had to reset my #PRS_ORG#, and now it does not configure with the computer or the wifi
on wifi it starts and then there's an error
already in the computer it only loads
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it doesn't recognize the #PRS_ORG#
this
Before, it worked perfectly
Yes, I tried on all 6 ports and on an old notebook.
it only charges
and I changed the cable as well
when I put it in the computer it asks me to download the #PRS_ORG# desktop
only q it does not recognize it
I tried on the desktop now, I even made a new account and it asks me to connect the cable, I changed the port and it still gives me the same error
How do I do this factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
it won't get out of this screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
when I go back to the screen it asks to choose the language
There is no way for me to do a reset like that
ok!
then he is in the set up screen and it continues giving the error of the network and connecting to the micro to just charge
#NAME#
on #NUMBER#
worse, it's not there, I even tried putting the reset clip in the hole
and it stops at this screen
but thank you for the help, I'll keep searching for a solution
Okay, that's it
Thank you.
I bought the book #NAME# and it hasn't arrived at #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
request #PHONENUMBER#-01
09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# cloves and cinnamon
#NAME# cinnamon and clavo
I can only see four chapters
pre-viewing
ios
the book that appears [and PRE-VIEW]
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
THE BOOK DOWNLOADED ON #PRS_ORG# ONLY HAS 4 CHAPTERS, TWO IN PART 1 AND TWO IN PART 2.
SO IT IS INCOMPLETE.
Does logging out mean "end of the session"?
leave.
yes
sign out and then sign in again
the book gabriela is still incomplete
logout
signed out
I'm saying sai,
I'm doing it now.
May I?
I logged back in
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#.
I did it with #PRS_ORG# option,
I am
I entered with the Cultura bookstore login and the book #NAME# is still not available
I am checking it.
It seems to have worked.
Thank you.
Thank you and have a wonderful day
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#
request number: already #PHONENUMBER# and I still can't read.
Only the sample is showing up, it doesn't release the entire book.
#EMAIL#
23/02/#NUMBER#
OK
Yes.
always access when I buy easily
but this time this book only lets me read the sample and does not release all items
#PRS_ORG#
ONLY THIS BOOK I BOUGHT TODAY BEFORE IS GIVING ME THIS PROBLEM: MEDICINE FOR TOMORROW
REQUEST #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
THERE'S ANOTHER #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Soul Lupa,  The End of Alzheimer's, Nietzsche today
Yes, it can.
But what about the future purchases that I will make, is this problem going to happen again?
Thank you for the guidance
how can I do it
Yes
I already touched it.
that the book I purchased is no longer available
Can I put it back into the library again?
ok I am waiting
perfect, it worked.
Thank you very much for your attention and have a great workday.
My #PRS_ORG# has been reset and purchased books disappeared (except one) as well as PDF files.
How to fix this?
Good morning!
The email is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order number #PHONENUMBER#
Ok, have a great day too.
There is another e-mail where the receipt of this order above was sent: #EMAIL#
#PHONENUMBER#
One moment, please
I'm a bit confused, but it's the #PRS_ORG#, which I found under "About #PRS_ORG#"
I found
#EMAIL#
Here we go: 1. how do I log out of #PRS_ORG# account and where: on #PRS_ORG# or on the computer?
; 2. How do I log in with the new email?
I’m sorry, but I’m not very savvy with this kind of thing.
I'm connected to WiFi, but I don't know how I set it up, although I think the computer would be easier
I am configuring through the #PRS_ORG#
Then I get to a page that says: Login to your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it is visible but when I click, nothing happens
Now I'm back.
How the network dropped, I don't know if you are online
Hello!
I bought some ebooks from #PRS_ORG# website but they didn't show up in the #PRS_ORG# app.
I checked in "my books" within my account on #PRS_ORG# and only the books I had already acquired were listed.
Hello!
today, 27/2 or 14/2
No.
It's okay.
THE SECRET OF MY TURBAN
#NAME#
or A DUTCH HOUSE
it was another title
one of them, because none of the ones I bought appeared
They were 6 in total
All books I purchased until now were on this account, either through #PRS_ORG# or another #PRS_ORG# (website)
Yes.
Yes, just a minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, of course.
Sure.
That's fine
Yes.
this
of course, it's this one.
correct
Yes
1 minute
no, it is not that one
#URL#
One moment
I only have 1 more that I bought right after, I'll send you the receipt
I have received it, thank you very much
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the book: #URL# , correct?
Do you know why you didn't enter directly into the #PRS_ORG#?
They are all available!!!!
Thank you very much!
:)
empty it?
I didn't understand.
Ah yes, I understand.
Thank you very much and have a nice day!
I understand.
Thank you very much.
Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive an email to reset my login password.
My email is #NAME#.
I made the order through the website and the email doesn't arrive, it is not in the spam nor in the trash.
I attempted to access the site for Livraria Cultura and it informed me that there were two accounts with the same email.
I had an old book on my account which I want to retrieve.
Thank you
It's been a while since I made purchases, a lot of time.
The book I was looking for was by Patrick O'oneal, if I'm not mistaken, "the surgeon's Mate"
Yes, I tried using the #PRS_ORG# login and direct access to #PRS_ORG#.
But it informs me that there are two accounts with the same e-mail.
I select the option #PRS_ORG# in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
This message appears and does not let me proceed.
Do you mind if I check if it is possible to use another email?
the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access.
okay
he refuses the address, "Missing city information".
and there is no field to put the city...
Is there any specific format?
Even if you select Brazil first.
A Christmas Carol
OK, it appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
If you could send the request to the upper level so they can check if they can do anything about my other account, I would appreciate it.
Okay, thank you for the excellent service.
Hello, I received an email saying that I will lose my credits if I don't pay my #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I have already requested and already blocked my account due to having a comorbidity and being prohibited by the doctor from going to the gym.
What can I do?
I await a response.
I understand, but why do you charge me if my account is blocked
I got this email
Hello I lost the chat here
Hello, next, as I have comorbidity I sent a request for my account to be blocked.
And in the meantime I changed my card and they tried to charge me and said I would lose my credits
I cannot return to the gym or sport by medical recommendation
I need my account to stay blocked
OK, but will the debt be collected?
why I can't go to the gym
I need a blockage to be done - I can't go to closed spaces.
by medical order
i #NAME#,
Thank you for contacting us about this and I apologize for any frustration here.
You may have received an email on October 29 notifying you that your subscription was cancelled on November 5.
I apologize if that has gone unnoticed!
Based on the circumstances, I was able to put your account back on an actual hiatus immediately for that cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of $189 has been refunded to your payment method on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method can have longer processing times.
However, you should see that money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thank you for your patience!
Since your cycle date is the 5th of each month, I also set your account to pause for your next cycle starting on December 5th.
Your subscription will be renewed again on January 5th, 20##, in the 30-credit plan for $189 per month.
You can make changes to your account at any time directly through your Account Settings.
I hope that helps and please let me know if you have any other questions.
Sincerely,
#NAME#.
that email that I received when I explained my situation
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Hello #NAME#, good evening
I had a zumba class today at 7:30 p.m. at #PRS_ORG# gym, but the credits were not credited to the gym.
The class is shown as canceled.
Could you please debit the credits to my account for the gym?
When did that change?
Why did the same thing happen on Tuesday and they regularized it through #PRS_ORG#
But the reservation was cancelled at the time of the class.
This probably happened because the manager didn't send the link in advance, but I am already part of the group on #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened twice and everything was okay via chat.
The school is in a different country from mine, and I can't make the financial transfer to the school.
Could somebody help me out?
Hello, how are you?
Hi, how are you?
Could you help me?
another question: if I don't like it and cancel it before the 14 days free, it won't be charged back to my credit card, right?
hello
I am up to review
Could you transfer to a brazilian attendent?
Could I please be attended in Portuguese?
ha ha
But I want to choose another rate/value....dor less credits
I know there is a smaller plan which costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Portuguese
hello!
just an option appears
for 15 credits
correct
#NAME#, Brazil.
I need help.
Is that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on my login appers 14 days free
#NAME#, you have been here for a while and you haven't been able to solve it...rs
wanted to reactivate my plan
but automatically it is configured to #NUMBER#.
and I wanted to reactivate to #NUMBER# 15 credits
could you help me?
Another question:
am I entitled to the 14 day free benefits?
it appears in my login
I can't change the cycle
understand?
this is automatically filled out by #NUMBER#
Yes you can
one minute
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
follows
thank you
Hi there, how are you doing?
Will I be able to see the values only if I reactivate my subscription?
Hello sorry.
May we return to the chat?
Hi #NAME#.
How are you?
I want to review all the #PRS_ORG# plans vs values
but I can't find it on the site...
Do I have to first sign up for the trial for a few days to have access to this information?
ok.
Thank you very much!
puts
I couldn't solve my doubt still
Could you help me?
I would like to reactivate
my account at the moment
but it only indicates the automatic renewal of 30 credits...
I would like 15
Can you see for me how many credits an academia's modality charges?
so I can have an idea of how much I need to sign up for?
the studio that I'm talking about is #PRS_ORG#
Can you see here?
thank you so much
I'd like a massage session at the #PRS_ORG# gym located in Campo Belo.
our
that is all.
lol
and for me to change the automatic charge of my renewal.
I saw that I can have 14 days for free and 10 credits...
When can I cancel to avoid being charged?
How long before can I cancel for no charge?
Hello!
I would like to pause my plan.
Could you help, please?
hello very much.
I would like to pause my subscription
I am still left with 25 credits to spend
but I don't want to renew my cycle for now
Can I use these credits even with the subscription pause, right?
Great!
and I won't be charged during that period, right?
That could be!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits I have left?
Got it.
Can I take a break for R$25, right?
I don't want to be charged R$#NUMBER# from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
so I would like to know the best option for me so that I can spend these credits and cancel the account later
I am on this page
but the only option is one for R$35.00
the other person who was attending to me sent me the following msg
Now that the state's restrictions have been canceled and billing has restarted, we are no longer offering the free, 1-month pause plan as an option for plan change in your Membership Settings.
However, you can continue to pause your membership under our 0‘credits access + digital’ / ‘digital + credits access’ monthly membership plan 0 for R$25,00 month.
Could you change it for me so that only 25.00 is charged, please?
I understand!
And then it will keep charging the $25.00 until I cancel my subscription, right?
OK!
If I make this change today, won't it be #NUMBER# instead of 25.00, right?
that's great
Thank you!
No, that's all I wanted.
same to you too!
I wanted to know about the plans
Hello,
I realised that I was being charged on my credit card.
I have never used it, I would like to cancel it and be refunded for the months I was charged unfairly.
Hi #NAME#!
I want you to immediately cancel the charges on my credit card.
I want to be refunded for the months that I have been wrongly charged
I will take legal action against them
no.
I downloaded the app, didn't use it and cancelled it
you have cobrated me inappropriately
without my authorization
I don't want credits.
I want you to stop charging me
and I want them to return my money
I have been charged inappropriately
I did not even have the app anymore
I cancelled my account before I used it
I never used any classes
I am not satisfied, I want to cancel and want back the money that has been cobbled from me in a way that was not appropriate.
Yes.
thank you
Who am I talking to?
#NAME#
in addition to the prints of this conversation, I would like to register the agreement by email.
one week, okay?
On February 1st, #NUMBER#, will you make the refund?
I already have the copy.
I want an email from you saying what was agreed here.
#EMAIL#
saying that they have cancelled and that they will refund.
do you have my account?
Okay, thank you very much!
Hi there!
it does not help in anything, I'm going to save the email and the receipts.
thanks
Good day to you too!
Hey, good evening.
how do you cancel?
Hello #NAME#.
Good afternoon.
Do you speak Portuguese?
Any phone number to contact?
I want to hire and I have some doubts
Do you offer a personal plan?
Create an individual account (persona fisica)
Is there any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - Rio de Janeiro - Brazil?
I did not find it on the site
It's not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
That's a shame.
Niteroi
I am in Brazil.
It doesn't seem so, but thank you for your attention.
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving undeserved charges on the credit card
the charge is coming to the #PRS_ORG# card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
There is just this email
The charge was made on card number #NUMBER#, as seen on the photos.
This card was canceled, but that charge keeps coming
To which email did we send it?
Hello, good afternoon.
We're receiving unjustified charges on the credit card
the charge is coming from the #PRS_ORG# card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The end of the card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous agent informed me that this email is related to the phone number, right?
But no account was made of you
Ok, please carry out the cancellation and the reimbursement process
Process the refund process*
Just wait then?
Okay, will the money go directly to the bank account?
Since the card is cancelled.
But if the card has been canceled, how will the refund be made?
I need to check with the card administrator on this issue.
Okay, thank you
For now, that's it, thank you so much
Good morning
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the trial phase
I am fine
I was charged by #PRS_ORG# after the experience period.
OK.
Option 3
I tried to cancel through the app but there was an error
In that case will the #NUMBER# on my bill be returned ?
How do I only switch plans, to the one for #NUMBER# reals?
I would like to have the stornment of #NUMBER# real, and only use 99 reales
Giving error
Is there a telephone number that I can speak to you about it?
Not yet
I just want to change the plan, and receive the #NUMBER# reais refund
Okay
If you choose the 99/month plan, can I buy single credits?
In case you miss a class
Okay
Put me on the lowest plan (99/month) and reimburse part of the charge on the credit card invoice
I’ve been attending a gym that my name hasn’t gone on to the system.
I made a request for that
Do you know if this matter has been resolved?
My yoga - #NAME#
Okay
I will contact the studio
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning
we need budget for benefits to our clients.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# is it possible to schedule a meeting for us to discuss the matter
Good morning.
have a phone song
how can we schedule a meeting
Good morning #NAME#
I need an estimate or to schedule a meeting for benefits to our customers
