Well, it goes like this.
Yesterday, I had an annoying incident.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I signed up I only had 776
OK.
Yes I signed up yesterday through the PRS-ORG app.
Was then thrown out and at a new registration the coins were gone
So I didn't buy anything myself.
As mentioned, I was online via the PRS-ORG App to sort out the SBC.
I was then logged out and when I tried to log in again, the coins were gone.
Is it possible that these were bought differently?
Because I was at work where the whole thing happened
That means it must have happened to my PRS-ORG.
As I mentioned, I was at work at that point in time and I was just annoyed about where my coins were now.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
Too bad that PRS-ORG can do nothing for these kinds of problems.
But each player should spend as much money as possible for In Game purchases.
This is really still something that needs development.
Look at customers more than at profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi here is NAME-M
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
When you are too good (Season 1 Elite €
you cannot achieve the goals as shown in the photo
That's why experience is lacking for the season progress
please automatically classify the goals as completed when a “better” goal aka div 2 has been achieved
No, it's about the experience of the season.
But I do get rewards again, that's not the case 😂
i. e. the targets are unlocked?
Or do we get a compensation because they are inaccessible?
Since they do not seem to be able to help me with the current problem, no.
Nevertheless, a nice evening for you
Good morning, our device wants us to go through the EC cards.
This is not possible with our device at all.
What shall we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will now review your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently, we are supervising the clinic, so I am not always on the mobile phone.
I will tell the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and now in the consultation room.
It will clarify the issue from the main account later.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can still not buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, that is only possible via the PRS-ORG.
Please unlock this feature for me as fast as possible, I already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and made a lot of games in PRS-ORG, in addition I already bought PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app, the game is only half as much fun, I pay a lot for the game, so I want to be able to use everything fully!
That would be great, without that feature I don't have to buy any more PRS-ORGs.
Thank you very much for your help!
I have already played all the modes and already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't this be speeded up?
That is a real pity, because you will loose the fun in the game.
Anyone can buy and sell players through the app, but not themselves.
That really is not nice what PRS-ORG are doing.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and then this is how you are treated, it is not nice.
Ok, too bad, then I will try a bit, hopefully it will work fast.
Otherwise, I no longer need the game.
Thanks for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
Thank you, I'm doing well.
My PRS-ORG works fine until the easylauncher then a black window opens and then closes
No
I'm not even getting into the game.
I think it is because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked
but I can't undo this
Yes.
no
not sooner
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I purchased PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Sorry, I had to devote myself to another subject.
Now I am back.
Is it possible to provide article data via CSV import for a multitude of products / services?
Yes
The connection still exists.
I beg your patience with my answers, as I myself wait for a while for an answer.
I would like to add a large number of articles with descriptions etc. at once using the csv-Import.
Is this function available?
I would like to create a variety of articles with descriptions, etc. in one go with a csv import.
Is there such a function?
The focus here is on "a large number".
It is about migrating from another system.
Thanks for forwarding
Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I supposedly violated the rules.
I want it to be undone and that I can at least start over.
Otherwise I don't know what I could do with the game.
I can't play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I'd like to at least start again and get a chance.
The other accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the possibility of creating a new account and starting anew because otherwise I don't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I did not receive an email from their team.
NAME-N, I would like that.
Otherwise, I would wait 45 days.
When you can't do anything
The paper reel is not recognized.
NAME-M_TEXT: Just a moment, I am going to transfer you to one of our support staff now.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you please reformulate your question, NAME-M?
The included paper roll is not recognized.
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
no receipt is printed.
Yes.
Error message - the printer is out of paper.
Create a new role and try again.
It has already been done!
We connected the device just on Friday.
It is brand new and today the printing is not working anymore because it does not recognize the paper.
It's the original roll that was shipped in the device and it's not being recognized.
The items in the package are also not being recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I hope so too.
Um, I have the following problem.
I filed a DSGVO inquiry yesterday and have now not received an answer.
How long does it take
Exactly.
The penalty is unjustified. Therefore, I would like to request information according to GDPR, because I want to prove that I did not violate the guidelines.
Ok, I will have to wait then.
I just hope that it gets cleared up.
I put a lot of money into the game and also made a lot of effort to win and earn the players.
Ok I'll wait until I get an answer.
Okay thanks already for the help, thanks to them as well
Inadvertently PRS-ORG rejected
Yes, thank you, I hope the same for you.
My problem is:
Yes, thank you. Hope you are also doing well.
I accidentally kicked a player out when I completed the PRS-ORG.
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I purchased a voucher for PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG on 20.12 as a gift.
I have already spoken to PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as well, who referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not appear in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was activated via the account, but unfortunately, the PRS-ORG credited to the account to date.
Can you understand that?
You've redeemed the code and don't have an PRS-ORG game?
I made a PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to get them in a club my controller fell and I pushed it away.
I have received an e-mail from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link although I have neither a PRS-ORG nor an account
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hi, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza)
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change that now?
The problem is the data from the predecessor, I have none.
and I have to change it as quickly as possible because of the EC card payments and
they don't have a phone hotline
Unfortunately, nothing from its predecessor.
We would have to re-register completely so to speak.
or what do they have in mind
Okay, and how or where do I do that?
And what does it look like if for example the pizza delivery drivers have to take the device with them?
Ok, thank you, I'll try that, and if I have any questions I'll get back to you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Same here!
I spent €20 twice on PRS-ORG on 31/10, but never received the money.
No, I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or get my money back.
I bought them, but didn't receive them.
The money was however debited from my bank account.
Through the PSN store on the PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, I have not been able to complete my purchase for a few days.
How to fix the error.
EMAIL
This must have been on January 3.
Enter credit card number again?
it didn't work out
No, my patience is done for today.
I have something else to do.
Maybe I'll take a different system.
Schade was actually always very content.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts up.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
Down below a 12.
I have already looked to see if there was a block, but my history shows none.
Correct.
The game doesn't start, although it used to do so without any problems.
System is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
Which also didn’t work on my two sons.
These people have different email addresses, but they are united under my account as children.
I will try that and get back to you.
I purchased PRS-ORG to use the advertised Crossplay in F1 22.
But you cannot play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore I demand a reimbursement and termination of the subscription on NAME-M.
If it is made good then I will gladly be a customer again.
EMAIL
I exchange with other ALPHANUMERICID drivers what you have done so far, instead of enjoying the new car with everybody.
Other than that, I am fine, and I thank you for your question.
How was your day?
Annoying, isn't it?
Isn't it terrible that PRS-ORG always has issues, and then you have to help people with it?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something wonderful.
Green stands for the color of hope, right?
How will things proceed here now?
That was all I wanted.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I just had a chat with NAME-F.
I have described my case and you have sent me a code (to verify myself) by email so that you can redirect the problem.
When I was back on PRS-ORG's site, the chat was gone.
Here is the code in case you can use it somehow.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG I thought.
Yes I know, it's about my brother, who is 11 years old, that's why I am contacting you.
His email address is: EMAIL
Yes, I know that, it's about my brother who is 11 years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But there is no 6-digit code in my e-mail.
What do I need to do now
ebook
I have loaded a title via Onleihe about PRS-ORG on my PRS-ORG - unfortunately, the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for it
I have carried out the authorization normally before
One title is "An immoral special offer".
Yes exactly, I use it
I
I will try it again and otherwise I will report this case separately
Thank you!
Unfortunately, it did not work out. To whom can I turn?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind if I ask your first name?
I have a problem with the webapp
You'll help me?
I am a user of the PRS-ORG trial access, but I cannot use the web app.
This is the message I receive when I start the web app.
Why is this?
My PSN account is:
rs19-07
do you also need my PRS-ORG email?
Thank you.
Thank you very much, that is very nice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I am quite angry at the moment.
I was just chatting with one of my colleagues and followed his advice, but now I can't even log in to my PC.
PRS-ORG have pulled an update.
Now my normal password does not work anymore.
That was so, yes.
But now PRS-ORG won't start anymore and I have no access to the PC anymore because it apparently now wants a PRS-ORG password that I don't have!
I had number one before.
Number code
Now I can't even enter my payment details.
From a simple thing, a huge problem became!!!
Damn again.
But I don't have the NAME-M
I lost it along with my note of passwords.
Alex that can't be true!!!
All because of the great tips from their colleague!!!
Many thanks too
What nonsense is that he is telling me?
That can now take forever again
Yes.
Forward me to the corresponding PRS-ORG service!
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is, how can I assist you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG and it's locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and it would have to be exchanged.
Now I am traveling and don't have the device with me.
I will have to get in touch with you again.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise, I have no questions.
I will report later when I can read the serial number.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would ask you to update it, so I can change the login data and a copy of the invoices can be sent to me.
It is now called EMAIL
Exactly.
Before it was EMAIL and now it is the one listed above.
And my website now says URL, but I couldn't change this for the bills, etc.
My concern is that I must reset my login details and that I receive a copy of the receipt.
Yes, I am, it took some time to write:-)
I sent an e-mail a few days ago, but so far have not received a response.
but I'm writing it again, thank you very much :-)
Thank you.
No thank you :-) Have a nice day!
Best Regards
Dear Sir or Madam,
On 01/01/2021, I purchased several PRS-ORG and paid using PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment through PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount was paid twice.
I ask for verification and refund.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01/01/2021, one book from it is "Bloody Fetters"
But I did get all of the books, after I was asked to try again when I placed my first order.
But I look forward to your feedback.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would like not to return a first ordered sum up.
I order PRS-ORG for this.
First question: with the PRS-ORG I can enter the amount at the terminal and do not need an additional app on which I have to do that, right?
Second question: how does the refund work?
Exactly, I want to return the air.
After that I order the PRS-ORG.
Sure, it takes 10 more minutes until I am back with the device.
Will the NAME-M not be lost?
Not that I have to start from the beginning again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-F
I am fine
I would really like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately my PC does not have a CD drive.
Can you download PRS-ORG somewhere or will it ever be available for download at PRS-ORG again one day?
That means you can never download it again?
What if I buy games from PRS-ORG and install them on another PC?
Can I then store them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other pc?
Or is there no way at all?
Okay then I will look at it... maybe they can find a way.
Thanks a lot!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I have not received the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG yesterday on the series s.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I want the points that were promised to me in the version?
Why won’t I receive them from the 27th onwards?
Ok.
Thank you very much.
I'm waiting.
I am annoyed that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I cannot buy any and cannot wage my own war.
I just want them to come as fast as possible.
Otherwise, the early access does not bring me anything.
Fine.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I just wanted to ask what the problem is... I have played PRS-ORG since release+early access on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG, but the transfer market (web app/companion app) is still not unlocked... Something can't be right here... I really need it... Best regards
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day.
yes, exactly
yes but I've been playing for 3 weeks
how can it be that it is still not unlocked...
Play every day actively.
here, something is not right
What if I am not activated after 1 month?
Can you help me?
is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or do both need to be actively played on, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG Series X?
Thank you...
I hope you have a nice day. I hope this will finally happen soon.... it is a really stupid system you have with the "redeem" option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, it's working, except that you can help me. I wanted to load 12k points via the web app ALPHANUMERICID this morning, unfortunately I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of battle.
Now I want to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because that is ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really great if you could do that.
I have been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you're interested in my age, I am 46
Yes
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved me the day and I am so grateful to you.
I will in the future check three times what I have clicked.
Are the points already transferred?
Ok, a moment please
Super, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We are not able to establish a mobile network connection.
We have already restarted, taken out the sim card and put it back in, tried various locations, but it doesn't work.
However, it is possible for the WLAN.
PHONENUMBER
is switched off...
starts again
after logging in I am logged in again, now it is searching again.
connected to the wifi
It works
also with the mobile radio network
Can you tell me why it works now?
So that we can avoid the error.
We have had this fault since yesterday, and all of a sudden it is working again????
Many thanks for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Thank you, you too
Yes on PRS-ORG
That's not the problem.
I can easily log in to the servers
However, when the audwhl of game statuses comes and I press OK, my game is, I suspect, zoomed in too closely.
I can't see anything
NAME-M then I am curious, thank you for your help.
No, other than that, it ran, but I was unsure.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I shouldn't have done that.
But honestly, who cares about the small print when packing up.
I bought the game at a higher price.
And, of course, I would like to be able to take advantage of my advantage
Anyway, a new pack is coming.
Do I need to worry about it?
Very nice.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have changed the club name in the targets.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
To be precise, it is about the short form which is displayed at the top of the game.
E-Mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or the PRS-ORG account is also RufusNasedo.
I think I've confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to still change this through the support?
Typical for the company in terms of customer service, but still thank you.
That's all there is.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I have already chatted with a colleague of yours.
my game no longer starts after the update
NAME-M, that's me ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email that is the code
What exactly? ^^
EMAIL
Well, after the update today, the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG opened and wants to start but does not
graphics driver was reinstalled to the latest installed version.
play repair
Nothing more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, The Desktop App PRS-ORG showed me that I will get 4600 PRS-ORG with the headline "More PRS-ORG" when I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and didn't get any points
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you.
Have you written a follow-up?
I think that I have received one, but there is no new message in the chat
When will I receive the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just finished the PRS-ORG abo
I just have the normal PRS-ORG version.
but i was indicated that i get with PRS-ORG 4600
Can I then cancel PRS-ORG so that I can receive my money back?
Okay, I'll try, dnake.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello!
I have received the message unexpectedly that the login is not possible when logging into PRS-ORG.
I can now no longer log in to my account and the email to recover the password has obviously not been sent again.
*is going to
Of course, it is EMAIL
118850
If the code is
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning
When will the Alphanumeric ID be available?
Withdrawal 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out exactly?
I have not received the money
Only the last amount of 43 francs has been paid out.
43.83
So, I don't have the money, they need not check it, I
Yes I have.
But I didn't get the amount of 2579.91.
Hello,
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I cannot buy any books from them, as I only have an PRS-ORG EC-card.
Can I also give you a direct debit mandate?
EMAIL
I was not able to buy anything so far because I was not able to pay.
And, of all those payment options, none of them work for me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay by EC card from the Sparkasse or to give them a direct debit authorisation.
Transferring money to them is also possible.
Too bad, then I have to return the purchased PRS-ORG.
Only those, who accept a payment option from me
I am also grateful to them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning
I bought a PRS-ORG and do not have access to the PRS-ORG Web App
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I just played PRS-ORG and more older parts.
PRS-ORG no
Do I have to first create a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
The web app has been running for 2 days, however, so I see a disadvantage in that, until 27/09.
How to get access to PRS-ORG
Where are you from?
Her grammar is not 100%, but since I'm older, I can often infer meaning
Thank you for your help
You too
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable enable PRS-ORG
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:And please always ask only one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you ask your question briefly and unambiguously, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will now put you through to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking
I'm listening now to your conversation with NAME-M.
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you so much.
Great, thank you for the info.
everything else works perfectly
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I noticed that my transfer market was not working this morning with my app, can you give me some information on that?
It says I received an email, but I didn't, that's why I'm here in the support.
Yes.
I've been buying and selling players through the night to earn coins so that I can improve my PRS-ORG
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
As I like to see, I also shop at the PRS-ORG store regularly, of course I'm not a bot or anything else
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market
All clear, thanks for your time :)
I hope for good news.
In order to start the game again with pleasure 😊
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game The Lord of the Rings: Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68%, the message appears that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
I only see the retry and cancel options.
I need to restart the installation for a moment.
Yes, it's now at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
Not quite.
I try the solution of the feed.
In case a problem arises again, I'll get in touch.
Thank you very much for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And the ball then goes to the one opposing player, who is all by himself, several metres away, then what exactly do you call that?
>Otherwise I would not have marked it as a game PRS-ORG
Please, again in understandable German.
Your line just now was a real accident
What exactly did you want to tell me?
yes, the situation that I have described
Do you actually think for at least 5 minutes about every answer, what you write?
"The situation you referred to is a technical bug!"
Yes, I do think so.
But last year there was the same bug.
I reported that to you as well.
Among other things in your PRS-ORG
And in that, I was told from your PRS-ORG_rephii, that all of this had its rightful place.
And be that way among you
One of you then didn't seem to do so well with the truth.
How do I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best when you ask your questions briefly and clearly, for example "How can I change my email address?"
NAME-M_TEXT:Apart from that, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get mixed up.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Are you looking to return a device, or are you looking for the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Send Device,Return Status}
NAME-M_TEXT: Alright.
I am now going to pass you on to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment, please, I'll look
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M right now.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We have bought a PRS-ORG device in order to try it out at a booth, but we would like to return it.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on November 28.
Unfortunately, it is at home.
Then I have to check again when I am home.
Thank you, I will do it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
All right, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game, the quest to unlock "Fleet-A-Pita" does not start, the quest should be called "Investors".
Exactly :)
Ah, no.
I still don't have a NAME-M.
Then it must certainly be that
Thank you very much for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned them on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but haven't gotten them to this day.
Sure.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I have to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG Legends game is currently causing me some problems.
For about 2 weeks I have had about
80% of game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, are lying down.
My figure itself is not lying.
And I can't get out of the game at the end of the round and have to start the application again.
What can be the cause of this?
The internet connection works without any problems.
I have looked at all the links and we have already tried everything.
Changed the DNS server, tried it out at low usage times.
With other games it works without any problems, and individual rounds work without any problems as well.
Could it be the servers after all?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router by cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m. The cable was newly installed 3 days ago in order to be able to exclude a fault.
Ok, I will report the bug.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hi, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I flew out of the chat with her colleague.
I have a request
I have tested PRS-ORG bills and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice now, but would like to delete the test invoice so that I can start with 1.
Could you delete the invoice for me?
The extra test invoice is there.
I need to get rid of them.
there is no booking from this.
This was a test where I went too far
No payment is made.
I just typed this in as a test
but then it's like I've already paid
That is totally wrong.
why can't you just set my "billing area" to 0
It has not yet been done.
Then please close my account and I will set it up again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I would like to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to sign up with another device, the password I had been given didn't work.
I tried to reset it, but it doesn't work either.
Can you help me, please?
What do I need to do to be able to use the account with the EMAIL address?
Perfect, thank you so much
Unfortunately, nothing arrived.
893361
So another email will be coming with the password to use, right?
What code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thank you very much!
I opened an account on PRS-ORG many years ago with an email address that I no longer use.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I inadvertently opened a second account with a different email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to combine these two accounts, since I keep switching between them.
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account is on EMAIL, the second is on EMAIL.
I would like to have everything run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
To which email address did you send the code?
What e-mail address did you send the code to?
I didn't get anything.
I'm going to check my spam
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you.
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
There is no other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from this on to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Additionally, please only ask one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions clearly and briefly, such as “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will put you through.
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I have received the confirmation e-mail.
Thank you, everything for today is finished.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was banned on the transfer market.
Alleged coin delivery.
Which cannot be the case.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and already invested 400€.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
OK.
I hope the sanctions against me will be removed!?
I'm not aware of any guilt!
So, I was still in the game last night and everything was still in order.
Also I have done parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to look at the transfer in the app and then came the message with the ban and the info for the coin donation.
I can't understand and comprehend it!
That is why I am hoping for your help.
I changed my password this morning right away.
I had the same problem with PRS-ORG last year.
I was hacked there and banned from the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to play Battlefield again for years and have since switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
When the game started, I received a message telling me that I had to renew my password.
I did this as well, but I still can’t get into the game.
The same message always appears - Change your password.
I can sign up for PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via PS Icon, does it come back with "Reset Password"?
Exactly.
In that case, the message always appears to renew the password, or errors with respect to PRS-ORG.
Despite password resetter
Thank you.
My e-mail is EMAIL, for the PS I have the same e-mail
OK.
I'll see
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22.
I got the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the dead item.
The OTW item is missing though and did not show up in my account, despite registration and unregistration.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, sorry I read that wrong.
The email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I am reassured!
Thank you :)
That's all, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I'm fine.
And you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German commentary language for PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
I'm glad to hear that.
I would be very happy to.
:-)
Thanks for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG.
I can also choose the language to be German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The content itself is already in German.
But I would like the comments in German.
Okay, thank you very much.
I will try that.
With great pleasure.
Thanks and have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
hi
I was told I could use my token in one hour, it's been two hours and it still doesn't work
But how can this be, my colleague told me I have a token.
I lost a token because of a game error ???????
How can it be that I get no token then?
I even have a clip.
why are they saying something different now from what they said in the other cases?
I have saved a clip of how to press the start opponent button and the game leaves
and I lose a match
it's not my internet, but the game
Because I had no other choice.
but as I see it, colleague in front of them has taken all the notes wrongly.
I get 2 different statements from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'm looking it up
I will listen to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the touchscreen key for "paying" on my PRS-ORG device no longer works.
And I cannot switch off the device because this is the same touchscreen button.
I have to quickly look up what it means.
PRS-ORG
exactly
the bottom button does not work
For over 3 weeks now.
OK.
No.
Hello I am NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I'm doing well so far :) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
Andhowever, I cannot buy PRS-ORG, because the error message "A problem occurred at the PRS-ORG checkout.
Please try again later."
is coming.
That's right
I try to buy points on PC or in PRS-ORG.
That is what I also tried to do.
However, this also does not work.
It is reported that I must earn my place on the transfer market.
But a few months ago, I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any issues and without receiving an error message.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes I'm doing well. I hope you are too of course.
I received a transfer ban this morning even though I have nothing to do with it. I have a TRADING list with players that I sell more expensive and there the players just go for more expensive and today I got a ban.
But if I go to my ban history, there is no email there.
There is no history and I have also not received an email why I was banned
Because this news really shocked me because I really enjoy playing PRS-ORG.
Yes, exactly, I can't use it anymore
Of course, that would be very nice since I also drew NAME-M not long ago, and my team was able to improve because of him.
And now I'm banned that's very stupid because I was having a lot of fun playing
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very nice.
I have to go to work now, is it somehow possible for me to get in touch again?
I just leave the customer chat open
My satellite device is broken.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I’m NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions concisely and unambiguously, for example: “How can I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry, apparently a mistake has occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT:Just a moment, I will now put you through to one of our support staff, who will look after your concerns.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, while I look it up.
I'm now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Chip reader works.
However, when it says "Put the card in," the card is not read.
Problem with the PRS-ORG device has existed for about a month.
I have several customers who pay by card.
Therefore, the problem was multi-card
Unfortunately not right now.
Since I am not in the store.
happily
thank you
can you be reached by telephone?
No, thanks.
They have helped me a lot.
Wish you a great day at work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
Since today, I have had the problem with need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera shifts, so that it's impossible to play.
no changes were made.
The day before everything was working perfectly.
I can play this game.
but as of today it is unplayable with many bugs.
The camera is shifting for no reason while playing
No, I don't get an error.
It occurs during normal play.
Ok, sounds great.
Thank you for the help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it unplayable.
Have a nice evening.
no thanks.
thanks for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, I am fine.
I also hope for you
I can't get in per clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
At me it always says data is being loaded for each clubs...
How do I archive?
to check
Since there are only a few.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello here is NAME-M
Unfortunately I haven't found any way to give feedback to the developers.
That is why I am reporting here, because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG is currently cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
Who can I send this to?
I am very much looking forward to it.
And thanks in advance.
Thank you very much.
And a beautiful day for you too.
NAME-M_TEXT: Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking it up.
I'm now having your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
The following e-mail address can be used to access our account: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, as we have canceled the subscriptions.
That is why we have to change the mail address as an access at PRS-ORG.
Can we do this ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
Payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We did this before and we hope we have done everything correctly.
Can you check that?
All clear, NAME-M.
Thanks for the help and a beautiful day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, I had a great day today, I hope you had one too.
I was just about to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came up stating that the game could not be started.
Initialization error when booting up.
When I press to play I get the error message: Can not be started.
Initialization error when booting { DEVICEID:DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}
I have already repaired the game area 2x.
I just found out that it had to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the interruption.
Still, thank you for your help.
Stay healthy, NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
I played draft, single players, and 2v2.
The game gave an error message and he was deleted from the game now I'm in again and my draft is over after a game
Ok and what do I do now, it says, call up rewards after a game?
The second time.
The first time was the first draft and it seems to have happened because of the player NAME-M.
Yes, it happened.
There was a system error and I got booted directly from PRS-ORG.
I then also reported the disturbance immediately by clicking.
Should I redeem the reward and will I still get my draft token then?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order
Yesterday, I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG store for 17,49€, but I still have not received them to this day.
What is causing this?
Yes, you can do that.
Do they need something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I've already done that.
I also tried to check in the web app if the points have already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send it to them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I want to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG.
But when I sign up, I should confirm through my old number (ends in 277) and not through my new number.
In the PRS-ORG account is my new number.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to sign up with PRS-ORG in order to take advantage of various bonuses.
Yes
As I said, I can't register at PRS-ORG; I'm supposed to verify myself via my old mobile number which is no longer in the account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to sign up at PRS-ORG, then I should confirm via my old mobile phone number at PRS-ORG
The problem is not at PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in the settings of my account, my old mobile phone number is apparently still there and it is via this number that I should verify myself
My email address is EMAIL
I have already specified my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up to PRS-ORG, I was able to verify myself with the new number.
Only when registering with other pages but I will try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi i'm NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and got a draft token with them.
When I tried to start the game, the screen went black and the game stopped.
So I had to restart the game.
Then I noticed that my points as well as the token were gone.
This is not the first time this has happened to me!!!
What should I do now?
There was no connection, my connection was also fine
But that also happens once in a while in the middle of
I am simply disconnected from the servers when I play although there is Internet
Yes, my email is EMAIL
Alright, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I filed the case of my hacked account on Tuesday at 9:00 am under case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long does the processing still take approximately?
It would be extremely important to me to get my coins back.
I am fine and they are?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is correctly written, I'm not sure right now.
I'm glad you have had a nice day so far!
Ok, that's clear, thank you, I look forward to a prompt processing
Hello, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, how about you?
My problem is this:
Since approx.
a month after PS+, I am no longer able to start an online game in PRS-ORG.
I've tried it a hundred times at least, but every time I start a game, I'm booted out with the message, "Connection to opponent disrupted."
I've already contacted PRS-ORG customer support, but the suggested solutions were not successful.
Now I wanted to ask if you have further ideas how to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course, this is fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry for not writing for a long time.
Thanks for the steps taken to resolve the issue.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it right away and see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I try PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you very much and a nice weekend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
I was already at PRS-ORG, but they could not help me.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and also bought PRS-ORG so that I can play the game for 10 hours.
I have already logged in multiple times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and downloaded PRS-ORG again.
I have been waiting for over 2 hours for help and have now come to the point where I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
I am confident, however, that it should work eventually.
Please check it for now
What do they want to tell me with this?
Yes, well, I would also like to.
or they refund me the 4 euro shipping and I wait until the 27th.
I don't feel like wasting any more time.
yes well, if I can't play this game, even though I paid extra money for it, that would be very nice of them.
If the problem cannot be solved by 2 people from the support team
Yes, so please refund my money if nothing else happens here.
Okay, thanks.
It's all clear, I received the email, thank you!
Yes, thank you.
3 hours wasted, thanks to you.
But all is well.
No, I don't.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I get such sick opponents with mbappe Zidane and slles.
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Digga, give me normal opponents at my level.
And why do I have such a huge momentum in my soiel?
Digga, I am 2 meters in front of the gate and hit the post.
Now the game is still hanging
Digga give me my money back, I also break the CD in the video.
I've been playing PRS-ORG since I put my pants on, but what's up?
My account was hacked, and some of my players were sold, and one that I purchased at a high price was sold for a ridiculous price.
The players who left my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalie NAME-M
I changed my passwords directly afterwards.
But I would like the players back again.
I have now changed it.
I have unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I am doing fine after a long work day.
I hope you're doing well too.
I have the following problem: I finished the Winter-Wildcards daily registration at PRS-ORG today.
I completed the last subgoal with SBC today after 7 p.m. on the mobile app.
Then I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's registration as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter Wildcards Player Pack.
There it was displayed, however, that the PRS-ORG has been disabled.
Then I looked in the shop.
However, I did not receive both packs.
What can you do now and how can you check it?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Thank you so much for the info!
Then I will wait a bit.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Moreover, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get mixed up.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Status of return},
NAME-M_TEXT:Alright.
I will forward you to one of our support staff, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'll look
I will now participate in your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
I would like to send back my 3G device
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much
No, that’s it. :) Thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello I'm NAME-M and just got out of a chat.
PHONENUMBER
Hello,
Okay, thank you.
Can you check what the call was about?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you very much to you and your colleague!
Thank you and have a beautiful evening both of you!
No Thank you!
Ciao!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I asked about this on Thursday and was given the number HERE PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I'm in the right place
I am NAME-M
I just want to know why I can no longer get the preorder packs, I got them on the PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the x-factor version.
And switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago, but this does not get the packs
It's all about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I just got this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account at PRS-ORG 5 as I had at PRS-ORG 4.
And when will it happen?
I don't want to play with the PRS-ORG version any more now.
I hope that this works somehow and at some point, because 100€ for that is a lot of money
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
it worked with my friends but i had this problem that i couldn't do it
since you can pre-order PRS-ORG
So it has been a while.
When ordering it in the game you get a discount of 10%
okay then I'll try it this way
under email settings?
ok, I have activated it
do they know how long it will take.
No, that would be all.
thank you for the quick help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask from when on, PRS-ORG for the Play can be downloaded?
Whether it will eventually go Wednesday at 00:00?
Yes, that's me, I've even pre-ordered the 99 Euro version
But is there a way to find out, because I would leave the download overnight.
I took extra vacation time for PRS-ORG
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG-Middle Ages and pirates on PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The middle age setup worked smoothly however from pirates it did not go.
I have waited for a few days now and wanted to play before, but now I can't open the game.
I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you!
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager it says piraten download is finished
When I go into my game store it says PRS-ORG play medieval and "new expansion ready to install"
then I click on pirates to download but it doesn't work.
I will now try their link and get back to you if it doesn't work.
thank you very much for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can I know your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts, which actually run under the same email address.
One for PRS-ORG and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration by email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is ok so far, but my PS account is not stored there.
Then I registered using the same email via the PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked with that of my ex-boyfriend... how on earth can that happen?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my application data, do I get access to your account?!
If I enter MY registration details, I will get to HER* account
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I will have to write to PRS-ORG again..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello I'm NAME-M
And I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, however, did not receive the 4600 points.
In fact, I have the problem that I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG, but I didn't receive the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I'm wondering why they are not here.
I can get into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22.
I do have access beforehand.
Most have also already received their points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG mode, but unfortunately I did not receive the reward for this.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I completed both part tasks, but unfortunately did not receive the icon pack.
Exactly
How can I receive my reward now?
About 20-30 min ago
And after 24 hours should then be my package there?
I will do that, but I haven't received the package yet.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, my game does not start again... I have been here today
EMAIL
I'm a bit frustrated...
Yes, it is about PRS-ORG.
the game will not start
no the game does not start, once I was able to start the game
No, nothing happens at all if I press "games", PRS-ORG is minimized for a short time and then maximized again.
Nothing more happens.
I already have this one
Hello, it works again, thank you!
