Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you by email regarding my PRS-ORG.
Here my whole team was sold and packages were bought without me doing so myself.
So I think my account has been hacked ....
I have currently changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified email address no longer exists.
To change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that is the problem
PRS-ORG
of NAME-F
that is good
e-mail address: EMAIL
no?
what should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old account?
I can't find where to do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but did not receive it.
Can anyone get in contact?
EMAIL
2 January 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 p/n 013
This is stated when you make the payment.
He's in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, €52, but I can’t get them downloaded as sound files.
What's next?
My email address is EMAIL
Please respond quickly, as I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 Laptop and my Sony MP3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app, but it doesn't download anything.
If your info at purchase was not so lacking, I never would have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you could have the website responsible party provide the information?
That could help me in the future, if I wanted to order something from ng.
Just logged out on advice and logged in again, but still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the e-reader.
When I want to pay I am redirected to the payment method which was never like this. The letters are very small and unreadable, and then he asks if you are sure that you want to cancel the sale.
normally it was very simple to confirm a purchase
so if I understand
delete everything through the website first
re-enter and how to sync PRS-ORG
That being said, with the e-reader
I will try again for now thank you and if it doesn't work I will contact you
I will contact you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I can't reset the password either.
EMAIL (but I can't get in anymore)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get it.
account is not known with this combination of name and password.
If I request a new password, the link for this does not come to my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes that's right.
And then I can't access that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'll give it a try right away.
Yes, I understand, for now the entry via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w word.
Now it seems to work....
Yes, all correct!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
And close.
I try to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I have no download option in my books under my account.
Could this be right?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that have an effect?
This involves the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If it works, the books should be downloadable, but the button is missing.
we have only Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review and Erase.
Why has this been amended?
This was possible because there are articles about it on the internet.
In that case, the trial has failed.
I can't open this book anymore in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It's called PRS-ORG.
I am no longer able to open this book.
I keep getting thrown out.
I can open the other books.
It's just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
It's working again.
Thank you
No.
I'm going to read.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good Morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
Meanwhile
Very beautiful
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw it today
What about PRS-ORG points that I bought from the Microsoft store of PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them, they say that I have to contact you
I want that money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let’s talk about the PRS-ORG purchasing points first.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Contacted the helpdesk, in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
Have been working on it for years and would now very much like to continue / get solved.
How great to be able to type in Dutch.
Yes please, then I'll see if I can also get back into my game.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but it still does not work.
I created a 2nd account, it works fine.
I just noticed that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Do you still want to reset?
Yes, after a reset password it worked now, thank you so much!
I'm now checking if my game is available on there as well..
But my game is not listed.
Can you help me with that?
Oh, I can still see my orders in history.
Super, go and have a look.
Thanks!!
No, in browser
I can now, again, thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I concluded a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app it gives an error message and therefore does not start.
When I click on “try again” I receive the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the playstation also does not solve the problem
The app did not download again
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, but that discount is not added automatically.
Additionally, I would like to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
Do I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG because you get 10% discount, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, even though I should
How do I contact you about this?
So on September 22nd I can simply download PRS-ORG in the playstation store and play this for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to have my date of birth changed
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thanks a lot.
You have helped me though.
Your colleague didn’t.
I gave them a very bad bad review.
In return, I will give you one.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I can’t on my transfer market on the web app.
It is going well, thank you!
Thanks, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
But I had that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I don’t have anything yet and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason why I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches it still hasn’t happened.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
Have tried all kinds of things.
After that I picked up another book and that was fine
EMAIL
17 May 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
The payment has been processed.
But book I can't find back.
I have already tried all sorts of things.
I recommended another book after that and it worked out well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number listed is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's next to it
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an ereader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can’t find those anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
yesterday I bought the first e-book at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I've been trying to get that on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
how do i get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
Is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and got an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have already tried several cables and laptops, but it always says the same thing... it says that the USB device is not being recognized and caused a fault.
Also, I am no longer able to carry out updates/synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Many thanks in advance for the reaction!
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer books from my laptop to the reader via a cable, so I don't use an account for that
Am I then using the correct version?
Could there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the pc?
The e-reader has been reset, but it still can't connect to the laptop.
The reader says that it is connected, but it also uploads, but on the laptop it stays that access has been refused.
USB device is not recognised
PRS-ORG is not recognized by the computer.
tried a lot of things (different/new cable, different computer, factory settings); nothing helps.
read internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
the title of a book is 'if you're so clever why aren't you happy?
thank NAME-M, also a nice day for you.
I'll let you know as soon as I find my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers also do not recognize my ereader
I have already emptied the drivers and followed several advices I found on the internet
I use the supplied cable, and even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that
my proposal is that I'll send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want an PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has dropped a bit because of this
tried the factory settings as well.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the usb ports could still work
But contact with PRS-ORG seems a better idea, because I do not have confidence that we will solve this ourselves
Thanks.
Looked quickly, but it’s not in there.
The USB ports work perfectly further
I will contact PRS-ORG
Thanks for brainstorming
thank you NAME-M
no, I'll continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
Likewise
ebook
365 Dagen Dutchman was the most recent ebook
good evening
I will wait.
I formulate my question in advance: I have now downloaded and kept 103 e-books.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after buying them.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and these are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of e-books that remain visible before I have to archive, if I have to at all?
102 ebooks through PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I do not have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And that app contains my e-books, which I read through my plus subscription.
So I assume that I will still see some e-books on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you very much.
And have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase in a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get money refunded
November 1 22 ebooks from goblin slayer
we are now a few days further and I have still not received anything
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take your time.
I spoke with NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% wasn't working
she indicated that she simply wanted to make a payment and then i would receive a 30 euro refund within a few hours
Unfortunately I have not yet received anything in my account
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes fine.
Only I find it surprising that you are going to deposit my money and NAME-F also promised this.
Actually, I thought it would be on my account already on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad estimate of when it will be credited I will be more than satisfied
I'd like to see the money go into my account and not as credit.
I am completely with it and have purchased all new e-books from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days that is clear.
So by next Thursday at the latest.
Thank you, you have helped me well and have a nice evening
Sure, I'll fill it in
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says that I have to pay.
How is that possible, if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
OK
But I can download other books for free, for example PRS-ORG, and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
those 15 books is that per month.
Must remove read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don't see any repairing
DONE
Still pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is included in the subscription.
I regularly buy a book.
But when a book is listed under PRS-ORG you can safely assume you can download it for free.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I just can't load it.
It is telling the following: Can't load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
i didn't delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I’m losing my progress.
NAME-F
I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
I just can't get it loaded.
It indicates the following: Unable to load the saved game.
The game was likely saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
However, I deleted nothing.
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I would lose my progress.
I don't know if I understand it all.
So I start a new game.
Then I go to bed.
But how do I copy the URL file?
i will try.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a moment
Typing is slow
In order to play certain games, I have to sign up with a PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That's right, there is already one created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account is automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I will try to succeed.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice between UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
Of course I wanted to take this NAME-M.
But, as I first checked his player details, my pick leaped back towards UEL tapsoba...
Unfortunately I now also suffer from colour blindness, which makes it difficult for me to see which pick to indicate.
Especially since I was on NAME-M and it just bounced back.
I’m bored out of my mind now.
Yes, a confirmation is asked, but there is no game name with that, I think?
I did take a photo, though, to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don’t know if this can serve as evidence here?
Unfortunately,
It is just very remarkable that I stand on NAME-M, while looking at his player bio.
I go back and then press X to select this player, the choice suddenly changed to Tapsoba.
No it does not matter, even if I readily admit that the mistake was mine when I select and then select yes again.
But by then the 'bug' or quirk had already happened, in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate this.
Yes, you may do so.
And what might the consequences of this be?
OK
I just had a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink by NAME-M
I just had a chat with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this...I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I saw that my subscription expired on 14 March 2018....!
When I tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription was terminated because the financial data was incorrect ...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
The last debit was in December 2020.
Not that I know..... in August 2017, I bought the e-reader and concluded a subscription for €9€9,99 a month.
After half a year it turned out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don't ask me how that is possible.... but 1 subscription has been canceled.
Then, I faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
The last debit has been on December 14.....
14 December 2020
So reactivate PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that...... thanks for your help...... if it doesn't work I'll be in touch again!!!
have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I'm trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it is indeed written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure that he will get into my account?
my thanks in advance
OK
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be him
it's in my account
Thanks!
i don't have my e-reader with me
but it will all be fine
thank for the help now
no it is fine this way
Thanks!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
Weren’t I already chatting?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
The latter email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know.
I only see in my PRS-ORG account that there is a URL mentioned.
That's right.
And on the e-reader in the settings (ie the device) EMAIL .
The last email address will expire soon, which means it should also be changed to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One with PRS-ORG and one with URL ended last Sunday.
It is, by the way, important that it is also stated on the e-reader device PRS-ORG.
I do not understand.
I have to unsubscribe from the old email address under settings/accounts subcategory PRS-ORG on the device.
And then?
What do you mean by my e-mail address NEXT DOOR?
Do I have to unsubscribe from the pocket category?
And Adobe now allows the withdrawal after authorization with the old email address as well.
Does this automatically change?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digital dunce
And do I run the risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is still visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email, but the amount was reserved in my account.
This is from another purchase today.
I did get this book
Here is the proof of my payment
Thank you for your reply.
These are the two books.
See above picture
You can see in my account that I did not receive these two books
Date that the expenses were charged: June 7, 2023
Amount: € 24,98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See more payment details in the pictures below
- First 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of the credit holder: PRS-ORG
On the 6th of may at 20:05u, I bought the book ' the seventh sister ', but I am unable to sync it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and it is not listed in my account at PRS-ORG recruten.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and before that the puppy in the house
I can't find the date immediately
Yes
Search it up..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I will do it.
I found the book!
:) Thanks so much for the quick help!
No is not needed.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
Can you help me solve my problem..
Did you see my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't modify this, I have tried everything.
when i start prs-org i cannot connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a longer time..
That is correct.
I have sent you a screenshot of my status.
it is stuck on gray, not online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I've bought PRS-ORG packs (PS4) but I would like to play them on PC.
Can I or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the PC myself.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It would be a waste (unfortunate) if I have to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
How unfortunate.
Do you know whether this will be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere…
Hopefully in the future
Thank you for your answer and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account in a long time.
I would like to enroll now but I can't do this.
The verification code that was sent also goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgotten password option but I did not get an email.
*nor on unwanted
I tried that, but I did not receive a mail from here.
When I try to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account with this email address.
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I can't seem to install PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I'm NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
for sure.
The code is PRS-ORG
Years ago, I think it was in a toy store
Newly bought in any case
That's good, I'll wait a while.
This does not seem correct to me.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a location where we can download the game, after which we can check if the code works?
Because at home it is not possible to install it on the PC.
So we have not yet reached the stage of entering the code.
I bought a standalone dvd player this week just for this game!
I'm going to try that.
will you wait a while?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That will have been PRS-ORG itself on her old PC
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfying.
We are honest people and will not install the game we bought ourselves.
I'm going to hang it up now.
If PRS-ORG still has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Have a nice evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates they will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled before its renewal, which is why the reminder is not applicable.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already cancelled this before the extension.
But now I'm getting a payment reminder for the period that I had already ended
Yes by email NAME-N, from URL
I have nothing else running in addition to this subscription.
PRS-ORG Reading &amp; Listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12.99
but I had already cancelled it for this period
Oh okay, they referred me back to you.
but I will contact them again
thank you for the effort.
I get it
No it was.
thanks, it still works
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid for this through PRS-ORG, which has also been debited, but I have not received an ebook.
Ordered by phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my ereader both are not there, I went through all the steps like turn off and so on
EMAIL
20 and the book is named PRS-ORG
The book I have in my e-book is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my e-reader. Sorry
Thank you my day is going well
If I leave the chat, is it gone?
I use internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 p/n 014
He insists on it!
Super thanks.
Greetings and wish you a very nice day
Hello, I have owned an e-reader from you since July 2022.
That would be a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official cover for it, that makes it automatically go to sleep, close it.
I used the e-reader, closed the cover and laid it down.
I then opened it (it hasn't fallen, not moved and nothing has appeared on it.
He didn’t get wet either) The screen looked strange.
At the top, it says ‘asleep’, then, in stripes and triangles, you can see part of the book, the cover, and it also still says somewhere in a faint script ‘94% read’.
Vertical stripes can also be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the tr remains visible, if I turn it back on something changes on the screen as if it is going to start, but the explained image at the top remains continuously visible.
What can I do and how can this happen after only a year??
Hello,
EMAIL
And it is supposed to be a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late response.
Here's the screenshot.
The device has been given time to rest, we've reset it, etc. But it keeps doing this for no apparent reason.
Good evening, ah, that's strange.
I'm sending it as a PDF now, I hope it works.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Would you like to add it?
Fine!
And thanks
Great!
Thanks!
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something different?
By the way, the book has arrived!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
Have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account can no longer be found according to the login tab
Which is very unfortunate, because a lot of money has been put into this
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account does not exist anymore
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch?
NAME-M, surely you should know this guy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes, so you guys made Knock out city free, but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city from PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it is free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said that I had to contact you.
Yes okay thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't get into the web app right now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I now pre-order PRS-ORG?
Can I access the web app from 23 then?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years only 22 not.
You have all the information right?
Hmm, that means my friends will be ahead because they can use the web app earlier, I doubt whether I will make it in time
hmm too bad there is nothing to be done, then I will not get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
I have been out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can't log in anymore
in the screenshot that I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that says that
I log in via Facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thanks
because why should the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in 1x per month or?
then I will try that
thank you
good to hear, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Oh boy I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my email, but apparently I started a new chat..
The problem I had was that I couldn't get the PRS-ORG Ultimate Edition into my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to remove my caches in %programdata% and roaming and then check whether it worked.
I have it.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
For sure?
In fact, I don’t have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Book now for 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was set to the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but it then said that I had to go to the store in Belgium (I am also from Belgium).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to e.g.
It can already be preloaded on 21 September.
But I can't add it.
This is because I live in Belgium, and Belgium has amended laws on purchases within the games sector.
Because e.g.
in Belgium you can't buy PRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to make sure that I get that PRS-ORG version because I am paying for it.
for PRS-ORG this is...
OK.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would like to talk to someone for real.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt is locked for a month.
I have stated thousands of times that I have not committed any offenses.
This has already been passed on 10x to your team, but the lock remains
I’m crazy over it, I can’t do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I'm really discouraged by it
Thank you, I really hope you can help me.
Is there otherwise a phone number that I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully, they can do something about this...
Translation successful!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just experienced something weird, I don’t understand it.
I log into my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
He is no longer in my library
How can this be?
That’s right, but I just log in to PRS-ORG and I do see it there.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I believe, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I do not see that
EMAIL
No, that's fine, I'm happy with that.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It’s going well, but I’m pretty disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I am now free to start all over again, and I am an avid amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing anymore.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently, there is a strange email address, as shown in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I was well-protected with 2-step verification, I already changed my PSN password.
I can't log into the PRS-ORG account, not even with the PRS-ORG app.
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem earlier.
However, I received a phone call, which ended the conversation for my contact.
But now I am here again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I didn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to made sure, I believe, that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just stays with a "loading" icon and a clock
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime, I see that no loading appears anymore
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you, and get on with it!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I have been waiting for more than a week and was wondering how much longer this will take?
But I’ve been hearing this for a week now and your colleague said it wouldn’t last that long
Can you check how long?
Because I'm always told to wait, but there's no time frame.
1 week was said to be now 1 week
And you can’t see how long it’s going to last?
Because, why is it that your colleague says 1 week?
I'm going to assume that here
Or can I talk to the specialist myself?
But this is not being sung to me
PRS-ORG
Said
I was never told very unprofessional then?
Because I will receive a case number and a code to review the matter.
So now I have to wait another week?
Why isn't this communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume business you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
Waiting
And do nothing and just wait
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to, and I forgot my password.
I have been logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
What do you mean by confirm?
by email or?
the associated email address is EMAIL
so I no longer have access to this
yes that is correct, over the years i have created a new email address and forgotten to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and my PRS-ORG froze
I restart
It turns out that the package I got from that sbc is quickly sold
and of course you understand that I would never sell it if it was not tradeable
Yeah I would just like to have my prize from that sbc
I also added photos of how the package looked
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my emailadres is according to me EMAIL
and the other my old one and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on pc, I get the message Secure boot is not enabled
I have tried everything I read on the internet but nothing works
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take?
because I pre-ordered the game, but I haven't been able to play it yet
And I would like to play, but this is not possible
okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just wait then.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1st and they have not been deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from log in log out nothing helped
I am afraid I lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
Do you mean Hoeb?
Okay, and then
But they say to contact you
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Dear Sir/Madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but because it has now become crossplay I bought eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app only, but I end up on my PRS-ORG playstation account which I don't want to use this year, I want to use my PRS-ORG (pc) account for ultimate team
now I have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG so they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app
thank you
no I have never played on a pc with PRS-ORG I am busy preloading PRS-ORG
ok, so this is because I never created an ultimate team on the pc?
So if I do this when the game comes out I can use the web app completely?
damn, I’m dropping lots of coins now :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I have a question regarding an update of a request that is already open.
This is regarding PRS-ORG and my Ultimate Team being hacked.
At that point it was said that a specialist team would investigate this and that it would take approximately 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was whether there was a possibility of an update since I still haven't received a response/compensation or the like for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
During the past week, it was indeed updated every day that the status is being updated and remains under review.
Of course, I am a bit tired of it, but that you yourself don't really know exactly what still needs to happen or how far they are in it
Hopefully it will be in fact, the desire to play the game has been greatly reduced this past week
In any case thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
unfortunally not haha!
I can't access division rivals anymore
I can't access the server all the time
but I created a new PS5 account and it works on it
same for all my friends, they can also play rivalry games
I have already done a restart and the whole help that is online
but unfortunately nothing
and it's been this way all day so I won't be able to get any rewards tomorrow either
correct
super!
thank you in advance
I did get a market ban. I'm already considering it but this shouldn't have anything to do with rivals, right?
ok, so it's not weird that another account can be on rivals?
Can I also be with you for my transfermarket ban perteoval?
EMAIL
ok great, i'm doing that!
thank you in advance!
but should I worry about my divisions?
will it simply come back into order?
Are we sure of that?
Thanks so much, you are very kind!
have a nice evening, and good luck!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat mate he dropped out
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play
I reset them but that does not help
My controllers give a lot of resistance at l2 and r2 which makes it difficult to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer; so I was curious if there is anything I can do; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I can possibly use something from a memory card or something; which would allow the game to play at normal speed.
I would love to, thanks in advance.
I can play the game just fine; however, when I play the game, the image is "delayed". So, when I want to turn the car to the right; then there is a certain delay.
Which means you will get there faster in e.g.
the guardrail ends up where it belongs instead of on the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah those are now quite high (you mean screen mode etc?
Oh great thanks!
No, I guess you have answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know where to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thanks
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader through synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it can't be opened on the e-reader.
How can I solve that?
EMAIL
I think February 14
No, I see February 15.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
The document could not be opened
There might be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn’t work, please contact us
Okay, let's get started with it
Success!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Bought two books on Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I received them on the laptop.
I could not get them onto the ereader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in those purchases.
Discussed with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint works.
I also check the second book.
It works.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel prize for quick service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I’m going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was half a year to a year ago, I can’t just look back on it.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the manual.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euro per
month.
I don't need that at the moment, but I am absolutely unclear about how to stop it.
I have been endlessly searching for it several times.
Yes.
I think that is very nice.
I may return to pp some time, but I’m not using it for now.
Very nice!
And everything was arranged quickly.
Thank you…
No, that’s all right.
Thanks again and have a good evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took the PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG.
I have now downloaded books, but I can't open them, I get the message that this document cannot be opened, am I doing something wrong?
EMAIL
5 January
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I'm going to try, thank you hope I get it
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes, I'm not very computer literate, that might take a while
Top he does thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can’t get rid of it.
It’s not clear either how to do that.
Please help me.
EMAIL
No
It is not a matter of damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light didn't work anymore.
I must have pressed something
That didn’t help.
There is also a line through the little symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there not a simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
26th of March 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I spend a lot of time and money every month.
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile was blocked without any message or reason
Yesterday a request was created but now it appears next to the request "continue" so I am curious if this will work well.
Yes
I'm very disappointed about this as I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I have done nothing wrong, my confidence is gone and I actually intend to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued playing while PRS-ORG glitches caused me to miss my item and fp rewards
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you then have to wait 10 days?
OK, but how long will this take?
I'm really done with it.. not after you but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait a bit, but my confidence is gone.
spend 500 to 750 every month and I find it too risky if suddenly a block is put on it
Alright, I will.
Hopefully they will pick it up quickly.
Thanks for the fine and good help
Have a nice day as well.
See you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so I could
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
I need a new account at that email address.
EMAIL
well it's really like this
i can only send proof
sorry sir
looked wrong
it's EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is fine
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I had contact earlier because my account was hacked.
That is now fixed.
The problem is that the hacker sold FUT players.
I do not play the game myself, but my son does.
This morning I chatted with a colleague of yours and he indicated he could help me fix this.
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has since bought it back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I'm not sure if I'm explaining it all correctly since I do not play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I have received a reference number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes, my little boy plays that
No, that's not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been solved
i just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
Therefore I cannot change it
Yes, I want to change it
My old email address was EMAIL, but I would like to change it to EMAIL
My account does not need to be restored, just my email address.
I received a code via my email, can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thanks!!!
Good morning, On Monday I bought a book through my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oeps!
This document could not be opened.
There may be a problem with the file. "
I have synced multiple times but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open it, PRS-ORG
correct
download via the site,
recovery, purchase via the site
I'm busy with that now, but that takes a while, I see, I have to search for a Wi-Fi password.
If it doesn't work that way, I'll sign up again.
Sure, I'll try to log in again
Well done!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can keep going.
Have a great day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the e-reader of my deceased mother.
I have linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just the payments I make to her account every month.
But I don’t get into her account.
Nobody knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card information to a new account
So remove information from EMAIL and enter in a new account
Yesterday I changed the address details to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't really know what you mean.
So I cannot cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I don't fit in it?
In fact, yesterday I was able to change that on my e-reader.
I can't find these data anywhere.
Or, if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire from her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
This would help me a lot
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All good.
Thank you very much.
Please take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, forgot to put in my PRS-ORG password, received a mail from PRS-ORG to set up my password.
link copied to browser, but I can't set up nw www any further. How does it work?
EMAIL
there's nothing in my bieb, I wanted to start with it
Okay, I hear that. I'll stay online.
exactly
I then enter the assistance screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I end up resetting the PRS-ORG ww account in the help screen
yes i will do that
Done.
I was able to change the name, thank you very much.
now I'm going to see if I can find an overview of grace e-books on PRS-ORG
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG can't open purchased ebook.
It is on the device, but it says it can't open this document.
I restarted and downloaded but it doesn't open it.
also via URL installed directly on the device does not help either
EMAIL
how do I do that, I bought an ebook via URL this morning
good
I did not have the option PRS-ORG unsubscribe
okay i did
I bought and paid for an audio book.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
Was the case last time as well
EMAIL
Today, just today
I did not get the last purchase no
Last time, too.
Then I had to pay and give it up
Bok van NAME-F
DescriptionPHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Excellent.
Not the first time this has happened.
That must be my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday, but that person has not received it yet, but I have already paid 20 euro.
I also haven’t received a confirmation myself yet.
You can find out what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has indeed been debited
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No that was it thanks have a nice weekend
Ordered 2 books last night - due to an error, I was charged twice - 2 x 10 euro - and received nothing, I don't think that's right, so I would like some help with this please
EMAIL
The last was on January 16, 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books was so February 7
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale, 2 for 10 euro
I purchased the latter 2 last night
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
needs some cutting and pasting
topie books are in
thanks for this nice service
this makes us happy again
no, my day is good again, thanks again so much, and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday through the PRS-ORG app and now I can no longer find it anywhere
EMAIL
17 January
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 pass no. 017
Okay, thank you.
The book is now on it though :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
