Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
My first name is NAME-M
Hello!
I just spoke with one of your colleagues, but it didn't lead to anything.
Two days ago, I tried to subscribe to PRS-ORG Pro several times, and it kept telling me that it wasn't working.
So I decided to give up.
I noticed later that you charged me 5 payments of $1.
I do not wish to be subscribed.
Can you confirm that I am not subscribed?
My email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am D, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
NAME-M
Everything is fine.
However, I am here for a refund.
of PRS-ORG credits
I made a purchase of credit for €59.99
However, I only got crap as content in the packs!
I didn't even get a few fragments of heritage even though I opened 60 packs!
I am listening to your questions
That's right
I really didn't get anything good, I'm disgusted by my purchase
really
Is it even possible to get new packs?
It's not normal to spend 60€ and get nothing good, out of 60 packs I didn't even get a single fragment of heritage
Hello, I placed an order for an e-book and I would like to return it and get a refund.
Do I need to send you my receipt?
What email address?
Thank you for your response.
EMAIL
Attack on Titan Colossal Edition
April 8, 2021
Okay
No, thank you very much for your help :)
I am sorry to contact you again, but there are 2 volumes missing in the refund email, I would like to be refunded the full amount of my order.
Ah, it was my mistake, I'm sorry.
Thank you very much for your patience, my problem has been resolved.
Have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello
I received my PRS-ORG
but I can't set it up
I added the wifi network
and then the PRS-ORG asks me to connect
Yes.
The PRS-ORG turned off.
I recharged it
it probably ran out of battery
it turns back on, I will try again
Is it normal that I have to enter my login details on the PRS-ORG?
ah yes I see
I thought I could connect it to my phone to retrieve the configuration
ok thank you
I have a message Error: PRS-ORG
but I have the impression that it is still ok
I will try to make a payment
Thank you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you.
I would like to be able to make remote payment requests, please
The app doesn't offer it to me
Understood, thank you.
So there is nothing I need to do on my end?
Just wait for it to be set up by your services?
EMAIL
Hello,
I just spoke with your colleague NAME-M to activate remote payment
Do you think the activation can be done within the day?
Thank you very much NAME-F!
I wish you a great day
No, everything is fine, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask your first name to start with, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
On PRS-ORG, there were rewards for the launch of PRS-ORG.
I would like to know if we have already received them or not, because I don't think I have received them.
And if we haven't received them yet, when will we receive them approximately?
Yes, exactly
Okay, thank you very much!
So it is completely normal that I have not received them yet, right?
I haven't changed platforms, so there's no problem.
Ok, perfect!
Thank you very much anyway!
That's all good for me
Have a good day!
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello
I need help
I have questions about the PRS-ORG device
we are unable to process payments in PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
only Maestro payments work
I would like a real contact person
to help me
I can't accept PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG cards
NAME-M_TEXT: So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, I am going to work in Belgium.
Does my terminal accept international customers?
I don't understand, will I be able to accept payments from foreign customers?
Ah, so everything is fine then?!!!
That was my last-minute concern.
I had someone on the phone the other day, but I can't find the phone number anymore, can you tell me what it is?
yes
Thank you, have a good day, goodbye
NAME-NTEXT: For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
talk to a human
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, the transactions from Monday were not paid into the correct bank account, even though we made the request since Thursday, May 4th. Can you explain?
3 emails since Thursday, May 4th
did you receive our #NAME# a few days ago?
The addition of our bank details did not work, that is why we sent you our #NAME#
we have already sent it twice...
Are you always sending it from the same email address?
EMAIL
I just sent the rib to l i, NAME-N
EMAIL
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:Happy to see you again, galille!
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I have just sent you the necessary documents for the validation of my account
and I am stuck, it says there that I have to contact you
I am stuck at step 1/4
Yes
I had a problem with a damaged ID card and it was not received by your service, so I received the new one that I sent you
I hope it will be quick because I have been waiting for a while ^^
No, thank you, have a good day
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to only ask me one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
I would like to change my phone number
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the #PRS_ORG# app (for Air devices) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Yes, that's correct.
My old number is PHONENUMBER
The new one is PHONENUMBER
if I need to add the country code, it is PHONENUMBER
Only my personal phone number
No problem, I have to get back to work.
I may not be able to respond immediately
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
I have not received the SMS yet
Is the fact that it is a number from Guadeloupe a problem?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name to start with, please?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M and I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account
The pleasure is all mine.
So my problem comes from my PRS-ORG account.
The email address for this account has been deleted by PRS-ORG.
I no longer have access to my email box.
I would like to change the email address, but when I try to do so, it asks me to retrieve an authentication code, which is sent to the email address that no longer exists...
So the email address linked to my account is: EMAIL
It would be the following: EMAIL
Well, thank you very much for your help.
I have successfully changed the password and I was able to log back in with the new address and password!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for your patience and the time you have given me!
Have a great day too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
So, for a few days now, I've been trying to log in to PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG, but unfortunately they're asking me to reset my password, but I can't find my ID.
None of my current email addresses are associated with an account, apparently.
I can provide you with my PRS-ORG credentials if needed
Great!
My PSN is White_PRS-ORG
Great, thank you very much.
I just hope that the email address associated with it is not that of my ex-girlfriend, because I have no way of contacting her anymore.
I hope it works 🤞
Mmmmh that's weird, I don't think I deleted my account...
I hope I will be able to recover it one day...
Don't worry.
A human will be able to inform you about the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I didn't receive the payment from last week
there is a problem, I can no longer use your application
I have already sent all the documents from my company
is my profile, I see it, it was not complete
Which one?
I don't know how to do it
but I want to know who will send the payments to my company account
I already have the receipt, but how do I use it?
Hello, data exchange impossible?
when connecting, the device indicates that data exchange is impossible
Exchange of data impossible
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more.
NAME-M_TEXT:For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you Jacques-Fabien?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry NAME-M, I did not understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry NAME-M, I did not understand.\nCould you rephrase your request?
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I have already done that.
We also changed the Wi-Fi connection.
PHONENUMBER
The reader indicates that data exchange is impossible.
purchased from a retailer
we are at a trade show, we bought it urgently, could you help us quickly please
or by phone please to be faster thank you to the PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask your first name to start with, please?
NAME-M
I already had one of your colleagues before
She asked me to connect with my PSN account.
But the account linked with PRS-ORG is the correct one, but the one with PRS-ORG is the old one that I no longer have access to
The PRS-ORG account linked with the PSN is ALPHANUMERICID
On the other hand, the PRS-ORG account linked with PRS-ORG
At the following email address: EMAIL
And I no longer have access to this address
I click on connection impossible?
platforms
the only daughter of NAME-M.
but I was already in discussion with Dunia
Hello again NAME-F.
I'm sorry, I made a mistake
No, but with my #PRS_ORG# account, isn't that enough?
No
But what does this problem mean?
Can it prevent the eReader from working?
But what is the risk of losing books?
because I have almost 600 of them!!!
I could do it, but not before tomorrow.
so I download the app and I will contact you again?
I am sorry, I have to leave you for tonight.
Thank you for your help.
I think I will receive a report of our discussion on EMAIL
I prefer to be followed up via email, if possible.
Thank you very much and have a good night.
Please give me your email address so I can stay in touch with you!
So what can I do for you, NAME?
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more.
For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
I want to speak to a human
Don't worry.
A human will be able to provide you with information about the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I have a serious problem with your service.
Is it possible to delete my old trusted phone?
I no longer have access to my old phone
The person before you didn't understand anything
I can't do anything
I am blocked
Thank you for removing my old trusted phone
Yes
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello 👋
my #PRS_ORG# is not working
could someone help me please? #NUMBER
I am in Geneva
my tablet is connected to the internet
It is written on the screen.
Impossible to connect
PRS-ORG cannot work without an internet connection
Thank you for checking that you are connected and trying again
I am connected to the internet
The number you gave me doesn't work
PHONENUMBER
100 percent
It is still charging
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
Hello, I am doing well, thank you.
I bought the PRS-ORG ultimate game on PRS-ORG and I couldn't download it (beta version) during the open beta weekend.
In fact, I don't even see it in my PRS-ORG library.
I contacted PRS-ORG support, but they couldn't do anything and told me to contact you.
It is noted as only compatible with the PRS-ORG in my library.
However, the title and the product description clearly state that it is cross-gen (PRS-ORG + PRS-ORG)
I am not sure I understand.
So the ultimate edition has 2 versions??
I didn't see that on the store...
I just wanted the version compatible with my PRS-ORG Pro and the day I buy a PRS-ORG I still want to be able to play it without having to buy it a second time
Ok, so if I understand correctly, I bought the right version (ultimate)
However, I can't see it in my library.
Is it because it has not been officially released yet?
And I missed the beta??
Ok, it works.
However, the ultimate version said that there would be an early access
Is it still planned?
I will read this article
Thank you
Hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
My game is being hacked by your script and I would like to know how to put an end to it
#PRS_ORG
No, I would rather not, my game is already altered enough as it is.
I just want to know how to make sure my games are not polluted by your in-game script.
That when a player is presented as fast in his statistics, he is, that your game takes into account the commands and does not force my players to go in the opposite direction, return the ball to the opponent or let it pass without reacting
I want to be able to play this game, at the moment it is impossible.
Except that I don't have access to your forums
Since your moderators do not appreciate it when we say there is a script in the game
It's okay, it's not a problem.
I will just resell your game and play something else, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
Good evening
I just subscribed to PRS-ORG but I made a mistake with the platform.
I would like to use my right of withdrawal.
Thank you
My name is NAME-M
I am fine, thank you.
It is the right PRS-ORG account, but I selected the PRS-ORG APP platform.
I then took the subscription, but on the PRS-ORG platform.
So I have two subscriptions.
I would like to use my right of withdrawal for the PRS-ORG APP one
Selected*
EMAIL
Yes, I would like to retract, thank you
Great, thank you very much
Everything is good!
Goodbye, thank you
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Print does not work
However, it is connected via Bluetooth
I don't understand what you are saying.
My printer is not working, but the light on the printer is on and connected via Bluetooth.
My iPad settings are set to Bluetooth.
EMAIL
When I log out of the application and I want to log back in
It tells me that my password is incorrect
Why?
It says that the password cannot be changed
There are too many problems today
Can you give me a phone number to contact the help center?
I can't wait any longer
I am losing my temper
The number is not correct.
Too many numbers
Hello, I have two PRS-ORG terminals (3G + wifi) that no longer work
The first message on the screen: device blocked please contact support
The second one does not detect wifi networks
So, what can I do for you today?
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to only ask me one question at a time.
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
".
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is defective.
Its security system has been activated and this blockage is irreversible.
Since I am not able to handle this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is #NAME#, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with #NAME#.
Exactly
Serial number of the blocked reader PHONENUMBER
Serial number of the reader with connectivity issues PHONENUMBER
Yes, I have the message communication mode, press C to exit.
No, not to my knowledge
When we arrived in the morning, we noticed that the device was not working.
Hello, I just bought a PRS-ORG Libra 2 eReader and I anticipated by putting all my books on the PRS-ORG app yesterday.
I also sorted them by collection.
How can I sync my PRS-ORG app with the eReader?
or with my URL account, on which the files do not appear?
Thank you for your help;
EMAIL
I registered yesterday
downloaded from elsewhere
You never answered my last message, in your opinion, have you gone as far as you can with the assistance and have you been helpful?
I will let you answer your question.
Have a good day
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
My device does not accept payments.
it refuses transactions
if we have reached
If we have reached the limit, how can we access unlimited transactions?
We have scanned the QR code and sent the ID card.
this morning
What should we do to fix the situation?
I don't have any other emails
and when I go to the website, they don't ask for any other document than the ID card
NAME-M, I see
I just saw it
unknown_issue
Today is October 30, 2021, and the ebook is "Coup de chaud sur la ville" by NAME-M.
I bought an eBook this morning.
My receipt number is PHONENUMBER.
I searched a lot to find out how to download my purchase.
When I download it, I get a PRS-ORG.
How can I get my eBook (PDF or EPUB)?
I don't understand.
A license, okay, but I bought the book.
How can I read this book then?
On my PRS_ORG Tab tablet.
But I also want to keep it on my computer so I can read it again later.
This does not help me at all.
I do not want to have other applications on my tablet.
I really don't see where the problem is.
I read with the PRS_ORG app that I bought and I don't want another one.
Okay, thank you for these explanations.
But how do I do it in practice?
I have an account with PRS_ORG
Thank you for these explanations.
I will look at all of this and get back to you afterwards.
account verification opening
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of this for you.
NAME-M: So what can I do for you, NAME-M?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello
A pro account was opened, I was not aware of it.
My last 2 invoices were paid with this account.
It is still being verified, how can I verify it?
I do not want the pro account, but I would like to transfer the money on it to my current pro account.
Is it possible?
Only on the app?
I don't see "Click Activate."
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
Hello, this is NAME-M
Are you a bot or a real person?
Yes, but my problem is not related to PRS-ORG.
My problem is that I have a PRS-ORG subscription on my email address that I linked to my PSN account, however I can't download the PRS-ORG games on the PRS-ORG, they ask me to subscribe to PRS-ORG
even though I already have a PRS-ORG subscription
Yes, that's the one.
I am trying to download the PRS-ORG games on the PRS-ORG, but it doesn't work, they are asking me to take another PRS-ORG subscription
on the PRS-ORG store*
since I have already linked my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
on my PRS-ORG
Can I not have the PRS-ORG subscription on my PRS-ORG and my PC at the same time?
How do I switch my PRS-ORG subscription from PC to PRS-ORG?
can you do it for me?
Via chat
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello
I spoke with one of your advisors yesterday about payments made on April 15
He told me that it would be on my account yesterday at the end of the day
But I still have nothing
It is about 3 payments of CHF 2000
Yes, thank you.
Thank you very much.
No, that's perfect, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-N, a player on PRS-ORG
I had a few questions since the last patch note this week.
I no longer receive any bonus points in the predator lobby.
Compared to other friends who are higher ranked (top 10) and who receive bonus points, I would like to ask if other players are experiencing the same difficulties and if you have a solution to fix it (it is very hard to earn points with only ranking points)
Yes, and this has been happening since the last update.
The point calculation seems to be incorrect.
Let's say that a game won with maybe 8 kills while fighting current predators doesn't even give elimination points, which wasn't the case before the last patch.
Several players in my circle are reporting the same malfunctions.
EMAIL
Of course, I am still online.
Indeed, I found that strange.
I had to report it because it is hindering my progress in maintaining my ranked position.
I will make a post on the forum as you advise.
Thank you for your response and I wish you a good day.
Hello, I can't connect my phone to the terminal with Bluetooth
Yes, still
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more!
For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
So, what can I do for you, NAME-M?
For troubleshooting instructions for your device, please go here: URL.
Are you still having trouble with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, always,No, thank you}
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I am sorry about that.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
PHONENUMBER
Yes
yes
PRS-ORG + printer
yes, I know, but I would have liked to connect my phone to the terminal
No, I want to connect via Bluetooth
talk to someone
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
talk to someone?
talk to someone
NAME-M_TEXT:Happy to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
I made a request by email last week (PHONENUMBER).
I still have not received a response to this day.
you say that you normally respond within 1 business day, we are far from that
it should be done before Friday night
Speak to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more.
NAME-M_TEXT:For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you JEAN-CHRISTOPHE?
My printer is broken.
Is it under warranty?
I am not in front of the device.
I will be in front of it this evening.
Until what time in the evening?
NAME-M_TEXT: For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
Hello, I can't connect my Sum Up device to my phone
NAME-M: What can I do for you, NAME-M?
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more.
Yes, always
NAME-M_TEXT:You will find the troubleshooting instructions for your device in our Support Center.
NAME-M_TEXT:Are you still having trouble with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, always,No, thank you}
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry about that.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
PHONENUMBER
no, not a connectivity issue, but I am connecting to a different number than the one I provided when I opened the account
my current number is PHONENUMBER
Could this be the problem?
Can I call you?
Can you call me or give me a number to reach you?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I have some deposits that are not reaching my account.
They remain in the available funds.
What should I do?
The amount of my payouts is not reaching my bank account.
I can find them in my account in the available balance section
in my #PRS_ORG# account
Where can I find the PRS-ORG Card?
ok, so I won't have the money in my bank account until I activate the card?
ok how long will it take to receive it?
Don't worry.
A human will be able to inform you about the status of your account.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
All the documents for the verification of my account have been sent.
Can you tell me when it will be resolved?
Because I absolutely need my device in the morning.
Thank you!
Yes, thank you.
Great, when do you think it will be active?
Because I really need it today as soon as possible
No, that's kind.
I hope it goes quickly.
Thank you and have a great day
NAME-M_TEXT: Happy to see you again, NAME-F!
I would like to speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, how are you?
My situation is that I want to delete this account
And how will I know that it has been deleted?
From which day?
Perfect.
Because I received an email saying they were going to send me a card and I don't want that.
I understand, but how are they going to delete my account, I don't understand why they would send me the card.
Aahh okay
Then, I will wait for the email confirming the deletion of the account.
Thank you very much for your help
No, thank you.
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
Good morning, sir or madam
Via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Unfortunately, I did not understand your request.
Please select one of the following options.
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to know if it is possible to have a USB cable to charge my payment terminal in the vehicle!
Today, the only cable I received only allows me to charge at home.
Then, I have two drivers in the vehicle, how can I create multiple profiles, so that the transactions of each driver are separated?
I use the big one, which I think I bought for 100 euros
PRS-ORG 3G Payment Terminal and Printer
Thank you.
Do they have to log in at the beginning of each shift to enter their profiles?
Great, and what about the charging cable for the payment terminal?
I have a universal head on one side and an electrical socket on the other
I don't have a USB cable to charge in the car
ok
Why are my payments always pending?
What can I do for you today?
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
Your account is currently suspended, which means that the funds are temporarily held by our security services.
This area is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant.
I will therefore connect you with an agent so that you can discuss the terms of unlocking.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please, can you unblock my payments, it's quite urgent, can you do that for me?
I am in a financial complication and I had to sell one of my properties, which I wanted to cash through PRS-ORG
But I didn't know that you would also put me in trouble
Please help me by unlocking the payment I am waiting for
Why can't I reach you by phone?
I have made more than 10 calls throughout the day without any response from your services
Please, to help me, all you need to do is to remove the suspension of the payment
Please NAME-F, help me by unblocking the situation
My morale has been down since this morning, after this news I don't know what to do
I thought I was doing the right thing, but in the end, it's not a good idea to cash in through PRS_ORG
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more.
Hello
My terminal is locked, it says "device blocked."
I would like to have the number so I can see the steps to follow.
What can I do for you, NAME-M?
For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means that it is defective.
Its security system has been activated and this blockage is irreversible.
Since I am not able to handle this type of request, I will connect you with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes
It says communication mode
Press to exit
No, nothing, I haven't used my reader for 2 weeks
My reader is stored in a pouch and I don't use it every day.
My address is ADDRESS.
Thank you
Mr. NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
Hello, I am NAME-F
I paid for a monthly subscription about an hour ago and I can't start PRS-ORG.
Here is the message: This title may have been downloaded by another user who owns the game.
Sign in with a different account or restart the game
I changed my email address.
I don't know if that's what caused the problem.
Anyone?
Thank you
EMAIL
Here is the code 509875
How do I change the Library in my folder?
Hello
EMAIL
I just opened my account 10 minutes ago
I entered the wrong library.
I should have entered PRS-ORG, North of Quebec, Rouyn-Noranda
can you make the change please
yes,
what I selected when I opened my PRS-ORG account
I am not able to change it myself.
I tried
They say my email address is already there
sign out
Yes
I will try again
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
So it's more of a request...
I find that the game does not meet my expectations
I pack a lot...
I'm putting in money
And I am not satisfied with the return
A gesture from you could be helpful to me
Many of us think the same thing.
I find it annoying
I wanted to tell you anyway even if it doesn't change much
It's all a matter of luck, I see...
Very well, thank you anyway for your attention
change my email address
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
".
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to only ask me one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your email address at any time.
Note: you can only have one email address per account, which serves as both your login ID and the address for receiving PRS-ORG reports.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since this is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, I will connect you with an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, yes
In fact, when I signed up, I made a mistake in my email address
So when I am contacted, I don't see anything
The email address does not exist, for your information.
You will need to enter EMAIL
Ok, but the email address provided does not work.
No problem
No, that's fine, thank you, have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, transactions are being refused on the payment terminal.
The customer is clearly solvent... why isn't it going through?
But that dates back to our demonstration in August 2022!!
We are in March 2023 and our demonstration is tonight!!
I don't understand!
I am very disappointed with your services!
What verification?
We are an association with only a few events per year.
We have set up your services because we no longer have any distributors of argnen
money in our community and we can't make any transactions, it's a big loss for our association...
Yes, it's me!!
NAME-F born on 25/11/1980!
Hello, I just opened an account and made a mistake with the email address... .ch instead of PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change
email address at any time.
Note: you can only have one email address.
You can only have one email address per account, which serves as both
login ID and
PRS_ORG report receiving address.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since this is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, I will connect you with an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Thank you.
EMAIL
Do I have to log out of the account?
Thank you, I received it, great!
Everything is going well, thank you and I greet you cordially
Hello,
I would like to log in to my account by email address.
However, when I enter my address and password, I am asked to log in with PRS-ORG to merge the accounts.
The problem is that I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG and my account was deleted.
I am at a dead end.
Thank you,
NAME-F
EMAIL
Last night
Thank you
That's strange because I bought another one last night
In the PRS-ORG store on my eReader
My eReader was reset by accident.
What I am interested in is getting my books back
I found the problem.
I was using my PRS_ORG account
Thank you for your help and have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I would like to download the PRS_ORG app on my PC, how can I do that?
how can I cash in via a PC
by adding the items etc.
to invoice items via PC
Yes
I want to charge for items
by clicking on different items
to invoice my multiple items
I am on a #PRS_ORG# terminal with a printer
but I want to connect it via Bluetooth with my PC to invoice different items
Yes
I can't make a payment on the website
no, I want to have the tab to cash out like the app but on the pc
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yes, sorry, I am in the middle of an event
all our transactions are being refused
on all our #PRS_ORG# modules
impossible to know why
We have network and we have activated the location.
we also reset all the #PRS_ORG# but it didn't change anything
I tried to call customer service, but I was on hold for more than an hour
How can I check it?
I am connected with the EMAIL account
with the same email
the other one we use is EMAIL
Do you want me to connect with the other one?
ok I will connect with the other one
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name to start with, please?
Hello
NAME-M
Could I have 100% of your attention because you are the 10th advisor I have spoken to, and I really do not feel like I am being taken care of
It is very frustrating
It's on PRS-ORG
I just got the play pass, and I still haven't received my rewards
You have attached the two payment receipts
It is noted on the invoice, sir, but I will tell you right away
Purchased on June 12 at 00:01
They sent me to you.
How do I do that?
It's been 3 hours since they told me to go to another person.
I just want to receive my 1000 coins and go play
We are sorry to hear that you are experiencing an issue with this game.
You will probably find a solution thanks to the information available on the store and the community.
Support for this product is provided by:
Official support
Customer Support Service
Product site
Product forums
Editorial team
Electronic Arts
They are sending me to you, how do I proceed?
And do you have a link through which I could contact a PRS-ORG agent?
because it is impossible for me to find the support
Via chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,By phone}
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, when I signed up, I was not able to choose a payment method and a #PRS_ORG# card was sent to me.
Since then, I have chosen the option "send directly to my bank account" instead of "send to PRS_ORG professional card" but it does not seem to work.
I still haven't received the money paid by my clients...
I can see the available balance paid via #PRS_ORG# but I can't retrieve it.
can you tell me how to proceed?
Thank you very much.
No, everything is fine with the card reader.
I just don't know how to transfer the money to my bank account
I did select the right transfer option, but no transfer is being made
Is it not possible for this transfer to be done automatically?
Order a card
So what can I do for you, NAME?
For the more complicated ones, I will connect you with a human.
If you have not received it yet, it is on its way.
The estimated delivery date is {!cardExpectedArrivalDate}.
I see that you have already ordered a PRS-ORG, but you can only have one per activity.
The estimated delivery date has passed
I ordered it more than 3 weeks ago
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help if you have any questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more!
{ChatWindowButton:Okay, thank you,The expected delivery date has passed}
In case of delivery failure within the indicated period, our services can perform a new shipment if 3 weeks in total (from the order date) have elapsed.
In case of delivery failure within the indicated period, our services can perform a new shipment if 3 weeks in total (from the date of the order) have elapsed.
{ChatWindowButton:It hasn't been 3 weeks yet, I
I ordered it more than 3 weeks ago.
I am sorry that you had to wait for so long.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
I have not received a card
I never received it, was it activated?
ALPHANUMERICID Thiers les terrasse du vallat bt c 13320 bouc bel air
No, thank you, good luck and have a nice day
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change the admin email address on my account
What is the procedure to do this?
Indeed, I no longer have access to my email address
Thank you in advance
Okay, what email address?
Thank you and I also want to set up the PRS-ORG plugin, where do I go on the site to create the credentials?
It's okay, thank you, I just generated the client codes.
However, my account does not seem to be activated for online payments.
What email address should I write to in order to validate my account?
No, everything is fine, thank you and have a nice day
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
File follow-up for debit invoice
NAME-M_TEXT:Happy to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: I would like to help you with your verification documents, but that is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant.
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello NAME-N
I had PRS-ORG this morning.
And unsuccessful emails:
In my settings, I can see the PRS-ORG package that I chose.
I was charged in November
However, on December 3, I was charged an additional 172.8 euros for 1 year of subscription to debitoor.
Not only can I not see debitoor in my settings, but PRS-ORG had me migrate in the spring.
And now the invoice service tells me that it's my fault that I had to unsubscribe.
But I did not subscribe to debitoor, which does not appear anywhere in my settings.
But I have already done that several times.
Look for yourself, I do NOT have debitoor
Could I speak to a human? Thank you.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Great to see you again, NAME-F!
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry, NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
Hello.
I subscribed to a bill later plan.
The invoices sent do not include the payment link (although it was selected when the invoice was created)
Yes, I am surprised and disappointed by these difficult beginnings.
Very well.
I am counting on you. While waiting for the resolution of the problem, I will send a payment link (at 2.50% instead of 1.25%) to my client.
I can't make her wait.
how does the subscription cancellation process work if I can't use the invoicing?
I am counting on you
Have a good day
ebook
Hello, I can't transfer the books I bought to my eReader, even though they appear in my PRS-ORG account.
8I8l8 8s8'8a8g8i8t8 8d8e8s8 8c8o8m8m8a8n8d8e8s8 8d8e8 838 8l8i8v8r8e8s8 8l8e8 8 877 8e8t8 8l8e8 888 8j8u8i8l8l8e8t8
Visitor uploaded: livres-PRS-ORG.png
URL: URL
Type: image/png
Size: 960351
the books do appear on my PRS-ORG account (see photo) but I can't get them onto my PRS-ORG eReader
yes, it is the same email address
I have disconnected my ereader and am trying to reconnect it.
I am being asked to choose a wifi network.
I did it but after that I am stuck... no other page is coming...
Ah no, ok, I'm making progress...
I did it, I managed to do it!
Thank you and have a nice day!
I sent an email to report a problem with my #PRS_ORG
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
Yes, always
So what can I do for you, Gregory?
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more.
For troubleshooting instructions for your device, go here: URL.
Are you still having trouble with your Air terminal?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, always,No, thank you}
I am sorry.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
I sent you one with my email address
to report that it works, right?
please check
I have already checked if you have received the email
because I don't have a device to do it, but delivery
You have found my email
Yes
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I had a quote done in 2022.
I can't find it, could you provide me with a new one?
I apologise, I did not phrase my question correctly.
It is not a payment report, but a quote.
I am a support organization, and I am currently completing a grant application for which I need a quote.
Yes, but I don't understand your answer.
I only have one profile
very well, I will then send an email from my main email address
No, thank you
Have a good day
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, my summary is inactive
I tried to reactivate it after several months of not using it.
It appears as inactive, though.
I have an error message on the screen
I took a screenshot of my account
I can't send the second photo
It says: inactive.
It won’t turn on
And when I recharged it - on the screen; error message
Thank you. How do I restart it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask your first name to start with, please?
Good evening, NAME-F
I am having a problem connecting to my PRS-ORG account
I created an account with my email address, but I no longer have that address.
So it is impossible for me to connect to my account and I do not know what to do
The email address was EMAIL
I had my Sims games on it
I remember the email address, but I canceled it a while ago.
So it is not possible for me to reconnect to it to reset the password
Is it possible to reactivate my account with a new email address using my phone number or other information?
So I lose all my games?
:(
Yes, I can create a new account, but I will lose all of my games
I have about 200€ worth
I checked, but it is now impossible to recreate a URL address
It can only be in PRS-ORG or URL
Thank you very much.
I want to talk to a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, payments, and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:For more complex issues, I will connect you with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you Anchati?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can take care of this for you.
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
I sent a follow-up email to request a change to my information.
I have not received a response.
I would like to make some changes.
new phone number: PHONENUMBER
New email address: EMAIL
I will do that right away.
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
we are having problems with PRS-ORG pay
to cash the payments pple pay
it simply does not work
we have 2 and both encounter the same problem:
PHONENUMBER
and also PHONENUMBER
yes, great
Thank you, NAME-F.
Nothing else to report.
we can close our discussion
Good evening.
I just bought a book: A Palace of Ashes and Ruins.
And I just realized that I already had it in my library.
Is it possible to get a refund?
Sincerely
Mrs. NAME-F
EMAIL
Saturday, April 17, 2021
A Palace of Ashes and Ruins
Can you credit it to my PRS-ORG account?
Thank you in advance
No, thank you very much for your quick response.
Have a good evening
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to only ask me one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello Mickael, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?"
".
Change of number
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number in your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for Air devices) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my capabilities as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I have made a request to change my phone number, but unfortunately I have not received a response
Yes, that's it.
Old phone number PHONENUMBER
But that is the one I have, I checked my account before writing to you.
On the account, it is written PHONENUMBER
Yes, that's it, the business number is a mobile number
Well, changing the personal one is the same.
And what is the email?
To change the business phone number
Thank you very much.
