Well, things are going this way.
I had an annoying incident yesterday.
I had just under 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when logging in, I only had 776.
OK.
Yes, I logged in yesterday with the PRS-ORG app.
Was then thrown out and on renewed registration the coins were gone.
So I did not buy anything myself.
As I said, I was online via PRS-ORG app to finish SBC.
Then I was logged out there and upon renewed registration the coins were gone.
Can it be that these have been bought in a different way?
Because I was at work when all this happened.
That is to say it must have happened on my PRS-ORG.
As I said, at the time I was at work and I was just wondering where my coins are.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
Too bad PRS-ORG can't do anything with such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible for IN-Game purchases.
This is really still work in progress.
Looking more at customers than at profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, here is NAME-M.
There is a problem with the PRS-ORG goals.
If you're too good. (Season 1 Elite €
Can't achieve the goals like in the photo.
Therefore, there is a lack of experience for the season progress.
Please automatically evaluate the goals as completed when a "better" goal is achieved aka Div 2.
No it's about the season experience.
But again, I don't do rewards so it's not like that😂
ie the goals are unlocked?
Or will we receive compensation since they are unreachable?
They can't seem to help me with the current problem.
Despite this, enjoy your evening.
Good morning, our machine would like that we go through the EC cards.
This is not possible with our device at all.
What should we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'm now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently we supervise the clinic, that is why I am not always on the phone.
I'll pass that on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and is in the surgery now.
She will clarify the problem from the main account later.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can still not buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, this is only possible via PRS-ORG.
Please unlock this feature for me as soon as possible, I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and made many games in PRS-ORG, I have also already bought PRS-ORG, but without the stock market in the app the game is only half as much fun, I am willing to pay a lot for the game, so I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great, I won't buy any more PRS-ORG without the feature.
Thank you for the help!
I have already played all the modes and have already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't this be speed up?
It is a pity, as it makes playing the game less fun.
Everyone can buy and sell players via the app, but you yourself cannot.
This is really not nice what PRS-ORG is doing.
Since ALPHANUMERICID every PRS-ORG was bought and then treated like this, it's not nice.
Ok that's too bad, then I'll keep trying, hopefully it works quickly.
Otherwise I won't need the game anymore.
Thanks for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thank you. I'm doing well.
My PRS-ORG works up until the easylauncher, then a black window opens and closes again.
No.
I don't get into the game at all.
I think the problem is that the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked.
However, I cannot cancel this.
Yes.
No.
Not at all before.
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account.
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Sorry, I had to attend to another issue.
Now I'm back.
Is it possible to provide product data, e.g. via csv import, for a large number of products / services?
Yes.
The connection is still active.
Please allow some time for my responses as I also have to wait for answers.
I would like to apply a variety of articles with descriptions etc. all at once using csv import.
Is there such a function?
I want to create a variety of items with descriptions, etc. at once by csv-import.
Is this function available?
The focus is on "plurality".
It's about the migration from another system.
Thank you for forwarding
Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Will you tell me your first name?
I have a device block because I supposedly violated the rules.
I would like to have it lifted and at least beging anew.
Otherwise, I wouldn't know what I could do with the game.
I can't play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to at least start over and get a chance.
The other accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like to have the opportunity to create a new account and start over because I wouldn't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No I did not get an email from your team.
I want to be NAME-N.
Otherwise, I would wait 45 days.
If you can't do anything against it
Paperclip is not recognized
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I am now passing you on to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Would you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
The provided paper roll is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, while I check it out.
Now I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
No receipt is printed.
Yes.
Error message - Printer has no more paper.
Insert a new roll and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
It is brand new and today the print does not work anymore because it does not recognize the paper.
It's the original roll that was delivered in the device and it's not recognized.
Also the one in the package is not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I hope so.
Ahem, I have the following problem.
I submitted a DSGVO request yesterday, and now I have not received an answer.
How long does something like this take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, therefore I would like to have DSGVO information, because I would like to prove that I did not violate the guidelines.
Okay, then I have to wait.
I just hope that this will be cleared up.
I put a lot of money into the game and also made a lot of effort to earn and trade players.
Okay, I'll wait for an answer.
Okay, thank you very much for your help. Thank you also.
Inadvertently ejected PRS-ORG
Yes, thank you. I hope you too.
My problem is the following:
Yes, thanks hopefully you are also doing well.
I kicked a player by accident while I had completed the PRS-ORG.
Can I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG as a gift via PRS-ORG on December 20.
I have already spoken with PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG, who referred me to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not arrive in the account.
According to PRS-ORG the code was activated via the account, but the PRS-ORG are unfortunately not credited to the account to this day.
Can you see this?
You redeemed the code and do not have a PRS-ORG game?
I have done PRS-ORG.
And when I wanted to get them into the club, my controller fell down and I rejected him.
I received an e-mail from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I have clicked on the activation link even though I have neither a PRS-ORG nor an account.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza).
And the predecessor used PRS-ORG, and my question is how can we do this?
The problem is that the data from the predecessor. I have none of that.
and I have to change it as quickly as possible because of the e-card payments and
Don't you have a phone hotline?
From the predecessor, unfortunately not.
We would have to essentially re-register completely.
Or what do you have in mind?
Okay, and how or where do I do this?
And how does it look if, for example, the pizza drivers have to take the device with them?
Ok, thank you, I'll try it. If I have any more questions, I will get back to you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Same to you!
I spent €20 twice for PRS-ORG on 10/31, but never got them transferred.
No, I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I have purchased them but have not received them.
But the money has been debited from my bank account.
Via the PSN store on the PRS-ORG.
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase on 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, I have not been able to complete my shopping for a few days.
How can the error be corrected?
EMAIL
That should have been on January 3rd.
So enter the credit card number again?
Unfortunately it didn't work out.
No, my patience is finished for today.
I have something else to do.
Maybe I will take another system.
It was always very satisfied.
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
A black screen appears instead.
Twelve at the bottom.
I've already checked if there was a block, but my history shows none.
Correct.
The game doesn't start, even though it did it so far without any problems.
The system is an PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
Although it also does not work with my two sons.
These have other email addresses, but are united as children under my account.
I will try that and get in touch again.
I purchased a PRS-ORG to use the advertised crossplay in F1 22.
But you cannot play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore, I demand a refund and cancellation of the subscription from NAME-M.
If this is made up for, then I will gladly be a customer again.
EMAIL
I'm exchanging with other players in the league ALPHANUMERICID what you did again instead of enjoying the new part with all.
Otherwise everything is good and I am thankful for the inquiry.
How was your day?
Are many people annoying?
Isn't it lousy for PRS-ORG to constantly help people with problems?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something great.
Green represents the color of hope, does it not?
What now?
That was all I wanted.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, just now I was chatting with NAME-F.
I have described my case to you and you sent me a code (to verify me) by email so that you can pass on the problem.
When I came back to the PRS-ORG site, the chat was gone.
Here is the code, in case you can somehow use it.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I have just chatted with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG I thought.
Yes, I know that. I contact you because my brother is eleven years old.
His email address is: EMAIL
Yes, I know it's about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I contact you.
His e-mail is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me further?
But I have no 6-digit code in my email.
What do I have to do now?
ebook
I have loaded a title via Onleihe via PRS-ORG on my PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for it
I have however already done the authorization before.
One title is "An immoral special offer."
Yes, exactly, that use.
Me.
I will try it again and otherwise I will report this case separately again.
Thank you very much!
Unfortunately it didn't work again, who can I turn to?
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the web app.
Will you help me?
The web app can not be used when using PRS-ORG trial access.
This is the message I get when I start the web app.
Why is that?
My PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG email?
Alright, thank you!
Thank you, that's very nice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I am quite annoyed right now.
I have just talked to one of your colleagues and after following his advice I can't even log into my PC now.
PRS-ORG has drawn an update.
Now my normal password doesn't work anymore.
That's right.
But now PRS-ORG doesn't start anymore and I don't have access to the PC anymore because it seems to want a PRS-ORG password now that I don't have!
I had a number before.
Number code
Now I can't even enter a number.
This has turned into a big problem!
Damn again.
But NAME-M I don't.
I lost them together with my notepad for passwords.
Alex, that can't be true!!!
It's all because of the great tips from her colleague!!!
Thank you very much.
What nonsense is this guy telling me?
That could take forever now.
Yes.
Do you want to redirect me to the corresponding PRS-ORG service?
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is, how can I help you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked.
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it would need to be exchanged.
Now I am on the road and do not have the device with me.
I will have to contact you again.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no further questions.
I will contact you later, when I can read off the serial number.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would like to ask you to update this, so that I can change the login data and a copy of the invoices can also be sent to me.
It is now EMAIL
Exactly.
Before it was EMAIL and now the one mentioned above.
And my website is now URL, but I was able to change this myself for the invoices etc.
It's about me changing my login details and getting a copy back for the bill.
Yes, I am, it took a while to write:-)
I have already sent an email a few days ago but have not received any response so far.
But I'm writing again, thank you so much :-)
Thank you!
No thanks :-) Have a great day!
Regards!
Dear Sir,
I bought several PRS-ORG on January 01, 2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem when paying via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been paid twice.
I ask for examination and refund.
Kind regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On 01.01.2021, one book is "Bloody Fetters".
But I have received all the books because I was asked to try again with the first order.
But I am happy to wait for your feedback.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would not like to return a previously ordered sum up.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: with the PRS-ORG I can enter the sum at the terminal and don't need an extra app on which to do it, right?
Second question: how does this work with the return?
Exactly, I would like to send back the air.
After that, I order the PRS-ORG.
Gladly, it will last another 10 min until I'm back at the device.
NAME-M will not go lost, will it?
That I must start over from the beginning again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-F
I'm good.
I would very much like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC doesn't have a CD-ROM.
Is it possible to download PRS-ORG somewhere or will PRS-ORG be available for download again one day?
Does that mean you can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on a different PC?
Can I save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no way?
Okay then I'll have a look... maybe you'll find a way.
Still, thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I have not received the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday and downloaded it.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I want to have the points that were promised to me in the version?
Why don't I get them from 27th, however?
Ok.
Thank you so much.
I am waiting.
I am annoyed that I can't start playing at PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and can't fight my own.
I just want them to come as soon as possible.
Otherwise, the preliminary access does not do anything for me.
Okay.
Thank you first of all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you mind telling me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here.
I wanted to ask why it fails... I have been playing PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG since the release + early access and the transfer market (Web App/Companion App) is still not unlocked... something can't be right there... I urgently need it... best regards
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day.
Yes, exactly.
Yes, but I've been playing for 3 weeks.
How can it be that it is still not unlocked...
I play every day actively.
Something is not right
If I'm still not unlocked in 1 month what then?
Can you then help?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or do both have to be actively played, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you!
Have a nice day, hope this will finally work through soon... really ridiculous system you have with the "earning".
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thanks, it's going, except you can help me, I wanted to load 12k points on the web app today ALPHANUMERICID, unfortunately I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of battle.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because it's ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super nice and nice if you could do that.
I've been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... If you're interested in my age, I'm 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved the day for me and I'm very grateful to you.
In the future, I will check 3 times what I have clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Ok, a moment please.
Great, thank you very much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We cannot establish a connection to the mobile network.
We have already restarted it, taken out the SIM card and put it back in, different locations, but it doesn't work.
But it is possible with the wifi.
PHONENUMBER
Goes off...
Started again.
I logged in, now it's searching again.
Connected to the Wi-Fi.
It works.
Also with the mobile phone network.
Can you tell me why it works now?
So that we can avoid the error.
We had this error yesterday and suddenly it works again???
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Thank you, and you too.
On PRS-ORG, yes.
This is not the problem.
I can log in to the servers without any problems.
However, when the "audwhl" of the saved games comes and I press ok, my game is zoomed in, I guess.
I can't see anything.
NAME-M then I'm curious, thank you for their help.
No, everything else is working. It was just confusing me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
I drew the OTW card yesterday night and unfortunately found out later that I shouldn't have done so.
But honestly, who looks at the fine print when playing Pokemon GO?
I bought the game more expensive.
And would naturally also like to be able to take advantage of my advantage.
So in any case a new pack will come.
Do I need to worry?
Very nice.
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have changed the club name in Target.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
More precisely, it's about the abbreviation that you then see at the top of the game.
E-mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account: RufusNasedo
Or PRS-ORG account also RufusNasedo.
I think I confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no way to have it changed through support?
Typical for the company when it comes to customer service, but thank you anyway.
That's all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to reveal your first name?
I've just been chatting with one of your colleagues.
My game does not start after the update.
I'm NAME-M. ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email, this is the code.
What exactly? ^^
EMAIL
Well, after today's update the game won't start anymore.
PRS-ORG is open and I want to start it, but it doesn't work.
Got the graphics driver up to date.
repair the game
More not.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, with the desktop app PRS-ORG, I was shown that I get 4600 PRS-ORG with the heading "More PRS-ORG", when I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and did not receive any points.
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you!
Did you write a message?
I believe I received one, but I don't see any new message in the chat.
When will I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal version of PRS-ORG and just completed the PRS-ORG  subscription.
I only have the standard PRS-ORG version.
But I was shown that I get 4600 with PRS-ORG
Can I then cancel PRS-ORG so that I get my money back?
Alright, I will try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello.
I unexpectedly got the message during the login in PRS-ORG that the login is not possible.
I can no longer log into my account and the password recovery email is no longer sent.
*would
Gladly, it reads as EMAIL.
118850
The code is
Okay, thank you so much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will Bill ALPHANUMERICID?
Withdrawal 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I have not received the money.
Only the last amount of 43 francs is paid out.
43.83
So I don't have the money, they have to check it, not me.
Yes, I have.
But the amount of 2579.91 I did not get.
Hello
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, I cannot buy any books from you because I only have an EC card from PRS-ORG.
Can I also give you a debit order?
EMAIL
So far, I still couldn't buy anything because I couldn't pay.
And among these payment options, there is none for me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay by Sparkasse EC card or to give you a direct debit authorization.
Even transferring the money to you would be possible.
Too bad, then I have to send the purchased PRS-ORG back.
Only to grant me a payment method listed
Thank you too!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I bought PRS-ORG and don't have access to the PRS-ORG Web App.
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I just played PRS-ORG and some older parts.
Not PRS-ORG
Do I have to create a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG first?
However, the web app has been running for 2 days now, so I see a disadvantage in that, only on 27.09.
to get access to PRS-ORG.
Where are you from?
Your grammar is not 100%, but since I am old, I can often deduce the meaning.
Thank you for your help.
You too.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
We want to enable PRS-ORG
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please always ask one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant.
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my e-mail address?".
One moment, I will now forward you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I didn't understand.
Would you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look into it.
Now I'm looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
We want to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you so much.
Great, thank you for the info.
Otherwise everything works perfectly.
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
This morning I noticed on my app that my transfer market no longer works, can you give me some information about this?
There it says I received an email but I didn't because of that I am coming here to the support.
Yes.
I bought and sold players through the night to earn coins so that I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I did too many actions?
EMAIL
As you can see, I also buy regularly at the PRS-ORG store, of course I am not a bot or anything else.
And unfortunately, the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market.
All right, thank you for your time :)
I hope for good news.
So that you can start playing again with joy.
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68% comes the message that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There I have only the options Retry and Cancel.
One moment, I need to restart the installation for this.
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it is just at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I install the game in English)
Not right now.
I will try the solution of the feed.
If another problem arises, I'll get back to you again.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
When I push the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right.
And the ball goes then to the only single opponent standing in the circle of several meters, to the left, then what exactly is that called?
>Otherwise I wouldn't have marked PRS-ORG as the game.
Please in comprehensible German.
Your last sentence was a real accident
What exactly did you want to tell me?
Yes, the situation I described to you.
Do you actually think about a minimum of 5 minutes of what you write in each answer?
"The situation you mentioned to me is a technical bug!"
Yes, I also think so.
However, there was exactly the same bug last year as well.
I also reported that to you.
Among other things in your PRS-ORG.
And I have been told by your PRS-ORG_rephii that all of that had its own validity.
And I would like that from you.
One of you two didn't quite have it right with the truth
How can I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Return device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my e-mail address?"
In addition, please only ask one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Do you want to return a device, or is it about the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return shipping status}
NAME-M_TEXT:OK.
I will now forward you to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I will look.
I am now observing your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to try it out at a booth, but would like to give it back.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 28.11.
Unfortunately, it is at home.
Then I have to look again when I'm at home.
Thank you, I will.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thank you for your help :)
Everything is fine, how are you doing?
:) In my Simpsons game, unfortunately the quest to unlock "Fleet-A-Pita" does not start, the quest should be called "Anlegerinnen".
Exactly :)
Achso, nein.
NAME-M I don't have yet.
Then it will certainly be due to that.
Thank you very much for your quick help :) Have a nice day :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these in the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but haven't gotten them to this day.
Please, go ahead.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I need to do now?
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG Legends are currently causing me some problems.
Approximately 2 weeks ago there was a laying time of approximately
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates are lying.
My character itself is not stuck.
And at the end of the round I can no longer get out of the game and have to start the application again.
What could be the cause for that?
The Internet connection works without any problems.
I've looked at all the links, and we've already tried everything.
I tried changing the DNS server during low usage periods.
In other games it works without any problems and single rounds also work without any problems.
Could it be on the server?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID Cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m, the cable was laid fresh 3 days ago in order to be able to exclude the error.
Ok, I will report the error.
Thank you and have a nice day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
A moment please, I'll check.
I'm now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I was removed from the chat with your colleague.
I have a request.
I have tested PRS-ORG invoices and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like to delete the test invoice, so that I can start with one.
Could you delete the invoice?
That says special test invoice.
I have to get rid of it.
No entry is made from it.
This was a test in which I went too far.
There is no payment.
I entered that only as a test.
But then it's as if I paid.
That's wrong.
Can't you just set my "billing area" to 0?
Nothing has been done yet.
Then please close my account and I will set it up again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I wanted to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to register with another device, the assigned password did not work.
I tried to reset it, but that doesn't work either.
Can you please help me?
What should I do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you very much.
Unfortunately, nothing came again.
893361
So there will be another email with the password I can use, right?
What code?
That I sent to you?
The number code?
It works, thank you so much!
I created a PRS-ORG account many years ago with a mail address that only serves me as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately, I inadvertently opened a second account with a different email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to combine these two accounts, otherwise I always have to switch.
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL.
I would like to let everything run via EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Could you help me with this?
To which mail address did you send the code?
On which email address did you send the code?
I did not get anything.
I try to look in the Spam.
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
Then from Dwelke to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please also always only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my e-mail address?".
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
A moment, I will forward you now.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I will check.
I'm watching your conversation with NAME-M right now.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much, I received the confirmation e-mail.
Thank you, all for today is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Good morning!
I have a problem.
I was locked up on the market.
Alleged coin delivery.
But that is not possible.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and have already invested €400.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
OK.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I am aware of no wrongdoing!
So, yesterday evening I was still playing, and there was no problem at all.
I also made some parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to see the transfer on the app and there was the message with the ban and the info for the coin transfer.
I can't understand and grasp it!
That's why I am very hopeful about your help.
I immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year at PRS-ORG.
I was hacked and banned on the transfer market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Wanted to play Battlefield again for years and have now switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
At the start of the game came the message that I needed to renew the password.
I did that too, but I still can't get into the game.
The same message comes- Change password.
I can log in at PRS-ORG.
However, only via the email address and if I want to log in via PS Icon, it asks again for reset password?
Exactly.
Then there is always the message to renew the password or a error message about PRS-ORG.
Despite the password reset.
Thank you.
My email is EMAIL, I have the same email for PS.
OK.
I will check it out
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from PRS-ORG22.
I got the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the totw item.
However, the OTW item is missing and did not appear in my account despite logging in and out.
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, sorry, I read that incorrectly.
The email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I'm reassured!
Thank you. :)
That was all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I'm fine.
And how about you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German commentary language in PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
That makes me happy.
Very gladly.
:)
Thank you for the information.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
But I would also like the comments in German.
Okay, thank you so much.
I will try that.
Very much.
Thank you and have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi,
I was told that I can use my token in one hour, it has been 2 hours and it is still not working
But how can that be? Your colleague told me I have a token.
I lost a token because of a game error????????
How can I get a token then?
I even have a clip
Why are you saying something else now like in the other cases?
I have a recorded clip of how the opponent started, pressed and left the game.
And if I get a defeat.
That's not because of my internet but because of the game.
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I see it, the colleague before you has written all this wrong.
I get 2 different statements from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M now.
Hello, the touch screen button for "paying" no longer works on my PRS-ORG device.
And I can't turn off the device then either because it is the same touch screen button.
I must quickly see what it is called.
PRS-ORG
Exactly.
the lower button does not work.
For over 3 weeks now
OK.
No.
Hello I'm NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I'm doing so well :) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
And now I can't buy an PRS-ORG because the error message "A problem occurred at the PRS-ORG checkout.
Please try again later."
Sometimes it works.
Exactly, that is right
I'm trying to buy the points on PC or in PRS-ORG.
I also tried that.
However, that doesn't work either.
The message comes that I have to earn access to the transfer market.
But a few months ago I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any problem without an error message.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello rohan, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, of course I hope you too.
This morning I received a transfer ban even though I had nothing to do with it. I have a TRADING list with players that I sell more expensive and there the players go maybe for more expensive way and today I got a ban.
But if I go to my ban history there is no email
There is no history and I didn't receive any email about why I was banned.
Because this message really shocked me because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes, exactly I can't use it anymore
Sure, that would be very nice, especially since I recently picked "NAME-M" and was able to improve my team.
And now I am locked out, that is very bad because I had great fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes that would be very nice.
I have to go back to work now. Is there any way for me to reach you again?
I just leave the customer chat open.
My card reader is broken
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Also, please always ask only one question at a time so that I do not get confused.
I am sorry, apparently a error has occurred at this time.
A moment, I will now forward you to one of our support staff who will take care of your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
A moment please, I'll check.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Chip reader works.
However, when it says "insert card", the card is not read.
The problem has been present with the PRS-ORG device for about a month.
I have several customers who pay with card.
So I had the problem with several cards.
Unfortunately not right now.
Since I'm not in the store.
Sure.
Thank you!
Can I also contact you by phone?
No thanks.
You have helped me a lot.
Have a nice working day.
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to reveal your first name to me?
NAME-M
Since today I have a problem in a game.
Since today there is the problem in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera is shifted so that it is impossible to play.
No changes were made.
The day before, everything was running smoothly.
I can play this game.
But since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
The camera shifts for no reason during the gameplay.
No, I don't get any error.
During normal play, it appears all of a sudden.
Ok sounds great.
Thanks for the help.
Unfortunately, with this bug it is not playable.
Have a nice evening.
No, thank you.
Thank you for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
Yes, I am doing well.
I hope for you as well.
I can't access pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
My pro clubs data is always loading...
How can I reset it?
Check.
There are only associations.
Are there any clubs?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, here is NAME-M.
Sadly, I haven't found a way to send tips to the developers.
This is why I am contacting you as the situation in-game is currently unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG are currently the cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
To whom can I send this?
I would be happy to wait.
And thank you in advance.
Thank you very much.
And a nice day to you.
NAME-M_TEXT: Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look it up.
I am now looking at your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
As access to our account we have the following e-mail address: EMAIL.
This email address will no longer be valid soon, as we have canceled the subscriptions.
That is why we have to change the email address as the access at PRS-ORG.
Can we do that ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
The payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have already done this and hope that we did everything right.
Can you check that?
All clear NAME-M.
Thank you for the help and have a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, I had a great day today. I hope you're having a great day too.
I wanted to start my PRS-ORG just as an error message came that the game could not be started.
Initialization error when booting up.
If I press play I get the error message: Cannot be started.
Boot error {DEVICEID: DEVICEID: PHONENUMBER: DEVICEID}
I've also already repaired the game area 2 times.
I just found out that it was due to my antivirus program.
I apologize for the disturbance.
Still thank you for the help.
Stay healthy NAME-F.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I played draft, single player and in 2.
Play an error message popped up and he is out of the game now I'm back in and my draft is over after a game.
Ok and what do I do now? It says Claim rewards after a game.
The second time.
The first time it happened was the first draft, apparently because of the player NAME-M.
Yes, there was.
There was something about system error and I got out of PRS-ORG immediately.
I have reported the disturbance and clicked on it directly.
Should I claim the reward and get my draft token again despite this?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
Hi my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order.
I bought 2.100 PRS-ORG for €17.49 from the PRS-ORG store yesterday, but I still haven't received them yet.
What is going on?
Yes, you can do it.
Do you need something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I've already done that.
I also tried to check via the webapp if the points had already arrived but to no avail.
And where should I send it to then?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I want to connect my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG.
But when I sign up, I should be confirmed via my old number (ends in 277) and not via my new number.
My new number is in the PRS-ORG account.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to log into PRS-ORG to claim various bonuses.
Yes.
As I said, I can't log in to PRS-ORG; I'm supposed to verify myself with my old cell phone number, which is no longer in the account.
It's about the PRS-ORG Account.
I want to sign up for PRS-ORG and then confirm via my old PRS-ORG mobile number
The problem is not with PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in the settings of my account, my old mobile phone number is still available and I should verify myself with this.
My email address is EMAIL.
After all, I have already specified my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when I signed up with PRS-ORG, I was able to verify myself with the new number.
Only when logging into other pages not but I will try.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
I had 300 PRS-ORG and used them to get a draft token.
When I wanted to start the game, the screen froze and nothing happened anymore.
So that I had to restart the game.
After that I noticed that my points and the token were gone.
This is not the first time that something like this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing about a connection, my connection was also fine.
But that also happens from time to time in the middle of a game.
I'm just logged off from the servers even though there's internet.
Yes, my email is EMAIL.
Everything is all right, I have time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I filed the case regarding my hacked account on Tuesday 9:00 with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long does it still take approximately?
It would be extremely important for me to receive my coins back.
I'm fine, how about you?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure right now.
I'm glad that they have had a good day so far!
Okay, clear, thank you. I look forward to a prompt processing.
Hi, I'm NAME-M.
Thank you, good and you?
My problem is this:
Since around
For a month I can't start an online game in PRS-ORG despite PS+.
I've tried hundreds of times, but every time I start a game, I get thrown out with the message "The connection to the opponent was interrupted".
I have already contacted PRS-ORG customer service, but the solutions remained unsuccessful.
Now I would like to ask if you have any further ideas to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course that's okay!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry I haven't written in a while.
Thank you for the introduced problem-solving steps.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it right away and see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you!
I will try to contact PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you and a nice weekend.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I have been to PRS-ORG before and they couldn't help me..
I preordered PRS-ORG and also got the PRS-ORG so that I can hook myself into the game for 10 hours.
I have already logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and re-downloaded PRS-ORG.
I have been waiting for help for over 2 hours and have now come to the point that I would like to have my PRS-ORG membership fee refunded.
However, I am sure that it should work at some point.
Please continue to check it for the time being.
What do you want to tell me with that?
Yes, Yes. I would also like to.
Or you refund me the 4 euro and I wait until 27th.
I don't have any more desire to waste time.
Yes, if I can't play the game even though I paid money for it again, that would be very nice of you.
If you cannot fix the problem from 2 people from support.
Yes so please refund my money if nothing more is done here.
Okay, thank you.
Yes, it's all clear, the email came, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
You've wasted 3 hours, thank you.
Ne, all good, that's enough.
No, I don't like it.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why am I only getting such crazy opponents with Mbappe Zidane and salles?
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents to my level.
And why do I have such a radical momentum in my soiel?
Come on, I'm 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still out.
Hey, can you give me back my money? I broke the CD in the video.
I've been playing PRS-ORG since I've been pissing in my pants but what can I do?
My account was hacked, a few players were sold by me and one was bought at a high price and was sold for the rejection price.
The players who were away from my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalkeeper NAME-M.
I immediately changed my password afterwards.
But I would like to have the players back again.
I have changed it now.
I'm signed out from fut.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I'm doing fine after a long work day.
I hope you are also doing well.
I have the following problem: I completed the objective of PRS-ORG today, which is Winter Wildcards Daily sign-ups.
The last partial goal was done by SBC today after 19:00 hours via mobile phone app.
Afterwards I just wanted to collect the pack with 10x83+ for the current registration as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter-Wildcards-player-pack.
But it was displayed there that the PRS-ORG has been exhausted.
Then I looked in the shop.
However, I did not receive both packs.
What can you do now to check this?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username.
Okay, thank you very much for the information!
Then I will wait a bit longer.
Thanks for the information and have a nice evening.
No thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Send device back.
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT: Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example "How can I change my e-mail address?".
{ChatWindowButton:Send back the device,Status of a return}
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
I will now put you in contact with one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment, please, I will check.
I am now following your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello.
I would like to send my 3G device back.
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much.
No, that's all. :) Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, I'm NAME-M and I just fell out of a chat.
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Can you look up what it was about through the number?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you so much to you and your colleague!
Thank you and have a nice evening both of you!
No, thanks.
Ciao!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
I already asked on Thursday and got this number here PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I'm in the right place.
I'm NAME-M.
I just want to know why I no longer get the pre-order packs now, on the PRS-ORG 4 I got them. I had pre-ordered the X-Factor version.
And I switched to the Playstation 5 3 weeks ago but did not receive these packs.
It's about NHL 22.
What do you want to know?
I just got this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account on the PRS-ORG 5 as on the 4.
And when will this happen?
I can't play the PRS-ORG version anymore.
I hope that works somehow and sometime, because 100€ was a lot of money for that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like me to reveal your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
With my friends it worked, but I encountered the problem that it didn't.
Since you can pre-order PRS-ORG.
So a little longer.
If you pre-order it in the game, you will also receive a discount of 10%.
Okay, then I will try this.
in the email settings?
Ok, I activated it.
Do you know how long it takes?
No, that would be all.
Thank you for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask from what time PRS-ORG can be downloaded for the Play?
Whether it is possibly already Wednesday 00:00?
Yes, that's me. I've even pre-ordered the 99 euro version.
But is there a way to find out because I would let the download run overnight.
I took a vacation especially for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG medieval and pirates via PRS-ORG a couple of days ago.
The installation from the Middle Ages worked smoothly, but it did not go with Pirates.
I have been waiting for some days now and wanted to play it before, but now I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you.
I could only see PRS-ORG.
Under Download Manager, it says that the pirate download is completed.
When I go to my game store, it says "play PRS-ORG Middle Ages" and "new expansion is ready to install".
Then I click on pirates on download but it does not work.
I'll try their link for now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
Thank you very much for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts, which actually run under the same email address.
One was created back then for PRS-ORG, and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration per email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is fine so far, but my PS account is not there.
Then I registered with the same email via the PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked to that of my ex-boyfriend.. how in hell does that work?
We never connected it at the time.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data, do I come to your account?!
When I enter MY registration data, do I go to HIS* account?
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I have to contact PRS-ORG again...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to reveal your first name to me?
Hello, I am NAME-M
And well, I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG but did not receive the 4600 points.
However, I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG but did not receive the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I'm wondering why they are not there.
After all, I am already gaining access to PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22.
I also have the pre-access.
Most also already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG mode, but unfortunately I did not receive the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both sub-tasks, unfortunately, I didn't receive the Icon Pack.
Exactly.
How can I get my reward now?
About 20-30 min. ago.
And after 24 h my pack should be there?
I will do so, but I didn't get the pack.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, I'm NAME-M, my game is still not starting... I've been here today.
EMAIL
I am a bit frustrated..
Yes, it's about PRS-ORG.
The game doesn't start.
No, the game doesn't start. One time I managed to start the game.
No, I don't get any error message. If I press "games," PRS-ORG is briefly minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing happens.
I've done that.
For example, does it work again? Thank you!
