Well, it works like this.
I had an annoying incident yesterday.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when I logged in I only had 776
OK.
Yes, I signed up yesterday through the PRS-ORG app.
Was then thrown out and with a new registration the coins were gone
I myself did not buy anything.
Because I was online via the PRS-ORG app to take care of SBC.
I was then logged out and when I logged in again, the coins were gone.
Could it be that they were bought differently?
Because I was at work where the whole thing happened.
So it must have happened to my PRS-ORG.
I was at work at that time, as I said, and I was just annoyed about where my coins were now.
Is there any way to undo this?
Thank you for the information.
It is a shame that PRS-ORG can do nothing about these problems.
But each player should spend as much money as possible on in-game purchases.
This really still has a lot of room for improvement.
We pay more attention to customers than to profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi this is NAME-M
There's a problem with the PRS-ORG targets.
When you're too good (Season 1 Elite €
The goals cannot be achieved as shown in the picture.
That's why experience is lacking in the season's progression.
Please automatically consider the goals as completed if a "better" goal aka div 2 has been achieved.
No it's about the season experience
But I also get rewards again, so that's not it 😂
i.e. the targets are unlocked?
Or will we get compensation because they are unreachable?
Since they unfortunately cannot help me with the current problem.
Nevertheless, a nice evening for you.
Good morning, our device would like us to swipe the EC cards.
This is not possible with our device.
What should we do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I'm watching your conversation with NAME-M.
Currently, we are managing the clinic, so I am not always on the phone.
I will pass that on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and is now seeing patients.
It will clarify the issue from the main account later.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I still cannot buy and sell players via the PRS-ORG app, that is only possible via the PRS-ORG.
Please activate this feature for me as soon as possible, I have already played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and have played many games in PRS-ORG, and I have also already bought PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app, the game is only half as much fun, I am paying a lot for the game, so I want to be able to use everything completely!
That would be great, I don't have to buy another PRS-ORG without the feature.
Thank you for your help!
I have already played all the modes and already made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't that be sped up?
That is a shame, because that way you lose the fun of the game.
Anyone can buy and sell players through the app, but not themselves.
It really is not nice what PRS-ORG is doing.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and how one is treated then, it is not pretty.
Ok, too bad, then I will try a little more, let's hope it works quickly.
Otherwise I don't need the game anymore.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi I am NAME-M
Thank you, I'm doing well.
My PRS-ORG works until the easylauncher, then a black window opens and closes again
No.
I don't even get into the game.
I believe it is because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked.
but I can't cancel it
Yes.
No
not earlier.
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Sorry, I had to address another topic.
Now I am back.
Is it possible to provide product data for a multitude of products/services, for example via CSV import?
Yes.
The connection still exists.
I will ask for a bit of patience with my responses, as I too wait a while for responses.
I would like to create a multitude of articles with descriptions, etc. at once by means of csv import.
Is there this function?
I would like to create a multitude of articles with descriptions, etc. at once by means of csv-Import.
Is this function available?
The emphasis is on "variety".
It is about migrating from another system
Thanks for forwarding
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I allegedly violated the rules.
I would like it to be cancelled and I can at least start over.
Otherwise, I wouldn't know what to do with the game.
I cannot play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I would like to at least start anew and get a chance.
The other accounts could remain suspended.
EMAIL
I would like to have the possibility to make a new account and start again because I wouldn't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No, I haven't received an email from your team.
NAME-N is what I would like.
Otherwise, I would wait 45 days.
If, on the other hand, you can do nothing
The paper reel is not recognized.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will now transfer you to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Could you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
The supplied paper roll is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
no receipt is printed
Yes.
Error message - Printer has no more paper.
Create a new role and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
Is brand new and today the printing does not work anymore, because it does not recognize the paper.
it is the original roll that was delivered in the device and this is not recognized.
The contents of the packaging are also not recognized!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I hope so, too.
Um, I have the following problem.
I made a DSVGO request yesterday and now I haven't received an answer.
How long does something like that take?
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, therefore I would like to have a DSGVO inquiry because I want to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Ok, I have to be patient.
I just hope that this will be clarified.
I put a lot of money into the game and also put in a lot of effort to win the players for myself and to rule them.
Ok, I'll wait for an answer.
Okay, thanks for the help, thank you too
Accidentally ejected PRS-ORG
Yes, thank you, I hope you too.
Here is my problem:
Yes, thank you, hopefully you are also doing well.
I accidentally banned a player when I completed the PRS-ORG
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG on December 20th as a gift.
I have already spoken to PRS-ORG and also PRS-ORG who referred me back to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG did not arrive in the account.
According to PRS-ORG, the code was activated via the account, but unfortunately the PRS-ORG were not credited to the account to this day.
Can you see that?
You redeemed the code and don't have a PRS-ORG game?
I have created PRS-ORG.
And when I tried to get her into the club my controller fell and I pushed it away
I got an e-mail from PRS-ORG with the activation code for PRS-ORG.
I clicked on the activation link, although I don't have a PRS-ORG or an account
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi, we took over the PRS-ORG store (pizza).
and the predecessor has used PRS-ORG and my question is how do we change that now
The problem is the data from the predecessor, I have none.
and I have to change it as fast as possible because of the EC card payments and
they don't have a hotline
Unfortunately not from the predecessor.
We would have to sign up completely, so to speak.
or what is their idea
ok and how or where do I do that?
and what does it look like when, for example, the pizza delivery drivers have to take the equipment with them?
ok, thanks, I'll try that, if I have any questions I'll get back to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Likewise!
I spent €20 twice on PRS-ORG on 31.10, but I never received a transfer.
No I would like to either get the 4400 PRS-ORG or have my money back.
I bought them but didn't receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
Through the PSN Store on PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
Yes, I have both receipts.
Hello, I can't finish my purchase for a few days.
How can the error be corrected?
EMAIL
This must have been on the 3rd of January.
type the credit card number again?
It didn't work, unfortunately.
No, my patience is over for today.
I have something else to do.
Maybe I'll take another system.
Schade was actually always very content.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday ALPHANUMERICID does not start anymore.
Instead, a black screen is displayed.
Below a 12.
I have already checked if there was a block, but my history shows none.
Correct.
The game won't start, although it has done so without problems so far.
The system is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
And it didn’t work with my two sons either.
They have different email addresses, but are united under my account as children.
I will try that and get back to you.
I have purchased PRS-ORG to use the advertised crossplay in F1 22.
However, it is not possible to play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore I demand a refund and termination of the subscription on NAME-M.
If that is what is on offer, then I will gladly be a customer again.
EMAIL
I exchange with other drivers of the ALPHANUMERICID about what you have already done again, instead of enjoying the new part with everyone.
Otherwise, I'm doing well, and I thank you for your inquiry.
How was your day?
Are they annoying a lot of people?
Isn't it lousy for PRS-ORG to have problems and constantly need people to help them?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something wonderful.
Green stands for the color of hope, right?
What happens now?
I did not want anything more.
I wish you and your mother all the best, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I am just now having a chat with NAME-F.
I described my case to you and you sent me a code (to verify me) by e-mail so that you can forward the problem.
When I got back on the page from PRS-ORG, the chat was gone.
Here is the code, in case you can use it in any way.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I was just chatting with a NAME-F who works at PRS-ORG, I thought.
Yes I know, it's about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His e-mail is: EMAIL
Yes, I know, it's about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I contact you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But my email does not have a 6-digit code.
What do I have to do now?
ebook
I have loaded a title over PRS-ORG via Onleihe to my PRS-ORG - unfortunately the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for it
I carried out the authorization normally beforehand.
A title is "An Immoral Special Offer"
Yes exactly, I use that
I
I will try it once more and otherwise I will report this case again separately
Thank you!
Unfortunately it didn’t work out, to whom can I turn?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the web app
Will you help me?
users of the PRS-ORG trial access cannot use the web app
I get this message when I start the webapp
why is that?
my PSN account is:
rs19-07
do you also need my PRS-ORG e-mail?
All clear, thank you.
Thank you, that's very nice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I am quite annoyed right now.
Just chatted with one of their colleagues and after following his advice, I can't even get into my PC now.
PRS-ORG has pulled an update.
Now my normal password does not work anymore.
It was like that, yes.
But now PRS-ORG doesn't start anymore and I have no access to the PC because it now apparently wants a PRS-ORG password which I don't have!
I had a number or.
Numeric code
Now I can't even enter my payment details
Something simple has become a huge problem!!!
Damn again.
But I don't have the NAME
I lost it along with my note for passwords
Alex, this can't be true!!!
All because of the great tips from her colleague!!!
Many thanks too
What nonsense is he telling me then?
This can take a long time again now.
Yes.
Direct me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is what can I do for you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it would have to be replaced
Now I am on the move and do not have the device with me.
I will have to call again.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise I have no questions.
I will get back to you when I can read off the serial number.
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would like you to update it so that I can change the login data and also so that an invoice copy can be sent to me.
It now reads EMAIL
Exactly.
It was EMAIL before and the above one now.
And my website now has the URL, but I was able to change this for the bills, etc.
My concern is that I change my login data and receive a copy again with the bill.
Yes, I am, it took a while to write:-)
I sent an email a few days ago but haven't received an answer yet.
but I write another one, thank you so much :-)
Thank you.
No thanks:-) Have a great day!
Best regards
Dear Sir or Madam,
On 01/01/2021, I purchased several PRS-ORG and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem with the payment via PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount was double paid.
I ask for review and reimbursement.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
On January 1, 2021, one of them is "Bloody Fetters"
However, I did get all the books, because I was asked to try again when I placed my first order.
But I am looking forward to your feedback.
Thank you for your effort.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hello, I would like not to send back a first ordered sum up.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: with the PRS-ORG, I can enter the sum at the terminal and don't need an extra app to do so, right?
Second question: how does the return process work?
Exactly, I want to return the air.
After that I order the PRS-ORG.
Sure, it will be another 10 min until I am back at the device.
Will the NAME-M not be lost?
Not that I have to start all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-F
I am fine
I would really like to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC does not have a CD drive.
Can I download PRS-ORG somewhere or will PRS-ORG be available for download again one day?
That means you can never download it again?
What if I buy games at PRS-ORG and install them on a different PC?
Can I then save them on PRS-ORG and download them on my other PC?
Or is there no way at all?
Okay, I'll look into that... Maybe there is a way.
Thank you anyway!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG yesterday on the series s.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I would like to have the points that were promised me in the version?
Why do I not receive them from the 27th?
OK.
Thank you very much.
I am waiting.
I'm annoyed that I can't start playing PRS-ORG without points.
I can't buy any and I can't fight my own wars.
I just want them to come as quickly as possible.
Otherwise, the advance access does not bring me anything.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I would like to ask what the problem is... I have been playing PRS-ORG since release+ early access on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG, and the transfer market (web app/companion app) is still not unlocked... there must be something wrong with that... I really need it... Best regards
And YES I actively play Squad Battles/Online against others more than 10 matches a day
Yes, exactly.
yes, but I have been playing for 3 weeks
how can it be that it is still not unlocked...
play every day actively
There is something wrong here.
If I am not unlocked after 1 month, what will happen then?
Can you help?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or must both be actively played, both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you.
Have a nice day, and I hope this will finally go through soon.... really stupid system you have with the "earning" of points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thanks, it works, except that you can help me. I wanted to load 12k points via the web app this morning, ALPHANUMERICID, unfortunately I clicked on ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the battle.
Now I would like to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
Because that is ALPHANUMERICID 😢
It would be really super nice and kind if you could do that.
I've been playing since ALPHANUMERICID... if you're interested in my age, I'm 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved my day and I am very grateful for that.
I will check in the future 3 times what I clicked on.
Are the points already transferred?
Okay, just a moment please
Great, thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are here.....
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hi NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
we cannot establish a mobile network connection.
We have already restarted, removed and replaced the SIM card, and tried different locations, but it doesn't work.
However, it is possible with wlan.
PHONENUMBER
will be switched off...
starts up again
I logged in, now it is searching again.
connected to the wifi
it works
with the mobile phone network
Can you tell me why it works now?
So we can avoid the mistake.
We have had the error since yesterday and suddenly it works again???
Many thanks for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Thank you, I'm glad.
Yes on PRS-ORG
This is not the problem.
I can easily log into the servers
But when the audwhl of the game status comes and I press OK, my game is, I suspect, zoomed in too closely.
I can't see anything
NAME-M then I'm curious, thank you so much for your help
No, otherwise it was just confusing.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I should not have done so.
But honestly, who pays attention to small print when pulling a suitcase.
I bought the game extra expensive.
And of course I would also like to be able to take advantage of it.
So in any case a new pack will come.
Do I not need to worry?
Very nice.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have changed the club name in the goals.
The task is also completed, but the club name has not changed.
To be precise, it is about the short form that you then see at the top in the game.
E-Mail: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or the PRS-ORG account is also RufusNasedo.
I believe I have confirmed it.
I can't be sure.
Is there no possibility to still change it via the support?
Typical of the company when it comes to customer service, but thanks anyway.
There is no more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I just chatted with one of your colleagues.
My game doesn't start anymore after the update.
NAME-M I am ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email, this is the code
What exactly? ^^
EMAIL
Well, after the update today, the game no longer starts.
PRS-ORG open and I want to start it but it does not
Graphic driver reinstalled the latest installed
play repair
No more.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello, the Desktop App PRS-ORG showed me that I will receive 4600 PRS-ORG with the title "More PRS-ORG" when I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and did not receive any points.
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you.
Did you write a follow-up message?
I think I got one, but I don't see any new message in the chat.
When will I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and just finished the PRS-ORG abo
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version
but I was told that I get with PRS-ORG 4600
Can I then cancel PRS-ORG so that I receive my money back?
all clear, i will try, dnake
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello!
I got the message that the login is not possible while logging into PRS-ORG.
I can no longer log into my account and the email for password recovery is still not sent.
*will
Happy to oblige, it is EMAIL
118850
If the code
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will Alphanumeric be implemented?
Payment 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When will the amount of 2579.91 be paid out?
I did not receive the money
Only the last amount of 43 francs was paid out.
43.83
So I don't have the money, they have to check it, not me.
Yes, I did.
But I didn't receive the amount of 2579.91
Hello.
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately I can’t buy books from them because I only have a PRS-ORG EC-card.
Can I also give them a direct debit authorisation?
EMAIL
So far I have not been able to shop because I couldn't pay.
And none of these payment options are for me.
As I said, I only have the option to pay by EC card from the savings bank or to give them a direct debit mandate.
Even transferring the money to them would be possible.
That is a pity, then I have to send back the purchased PRS-ORG.
Only those who accept one of my listed payment options
I would also like to thank them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I bought PRS-ORG but don't have access to the PRS-ORG web app
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I only played PRS-ORG and older parts.
PRS-ORG not
Do I have to first make a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
However, the web app has been running for 2 days now, so I see a disadvantage in that until 27/09.
Get access to PRS-ORG
Where are you from?
Her grammar is not 100%, but since I am already older, I can often derive the meaning.
Thank you for the help
You too
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable enable PRS-ORG
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:In addition, please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can best help you if you formulate your questions concisely and unambiguously, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT:Just a moment, I'll put you through to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
Could you please rephrase your question, NAME-M?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'll look it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you very much.
Great, thanks for the info
Otherwise, everything works perfectly.
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
This morning, when I looked at my app, I saw that my transfer market was no longer working. Can you give me any information on this?
There it says I received an email, but unfortunately not, so I am coming here to the support.
Yes
I've been buying and selling players through the night just to earn coins so I can improve my PRS-ORG.
Could it be that I have made too many actions?
EMAIL
As I find them, I also buy regularly in the PRS-ORG store, of course, I am also not a bot or anything else.
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market
All clear, thank you for your time :)
I am hoping for good news.
To start the game again with pleasure. 😊
I wish you a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle Earth 2
As soon as I reach 68%, the message comes up that the file CS01.
vp6 is missing.
There I only have the options "Try Again" and "Cancel".
One moment, I have to start the installation again.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it's currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry to copy the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I am installing the game in English)
Not right now.
I try the solution of the feed.
If there are any more problems, I will contact you again.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And the ball then goes to the only single opponent that is free in a radius of several metres, and then what exactly is that called?
>Otherwise I would not have indicated the game as PRS-ORG
In understandable German, please.
Your sentence just now was a really bad accident
What exactly did you want to tell me?
yes, the situation I described to you
Do you actually consider, for every answer, a minimum of 5 min, what you are writing
“The situation you mentioned is a technical bug!”
Yes, I believe that too.
However, there was the same bug last year.
I also reported that to you.
Among other things in your PRS-ORG
And then I was informed by your PRS-ORG_rephii that all of this would have its own validity.
And may it be so for you
One of you then apparently didn't have it so well with the truth.
How can I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:Besides, please only ask me one question at a time so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Are you looking to return a device, or is it regarding the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:All right.
I will now transfer you to one of our support staff who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment, please, I'm looking it up.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thanks.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to test it out at a stand, but would like to return it.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days, we would like to send it back.
We bought it on 28/11
Unfortunately, it is at home.
Then I have to look again when I'm home.
Thank you, I will do that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thanks for your help:)
Everything is fine, how are you?
:) In my Simpsons game, the quest to unlock “Fleet-A-Pita” does not start, the quest should be called “Investors”.
Exactly :)
Oh yeah, no.
I don't have a NAME-M yet.
Then it must be that
Thank you for your quick help:) Have a nice day:)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season rewards for PRS-ORG.
I earned these on the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but have yet to get them.
Gladly.
My ID is: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I need to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately, I am currently having some problems with playing the PRS-ORG Legends.
For about 2 weeks now, there have been about
80% of the game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, lie down.
My figure is not wrong.
And I can't get out of the game at the end of the session and have to start the application again.
What could be the cause of this?
The internet connection works without problems.
I looked at all the links and we have already tried everything.
For example, the DNS server was changed, and attempts were made during low-load times.
In other games it works without any problem and individual rounds work without any problem as well.
Could it be the servers?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router via cable.
ALPHANUMERICID cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m, the cable was laid freshly 3 days ago in order to be able to exclude the error.
Ok, I will report the bug.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
One moment, please, I'll look it up.
I'm now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I got kicked out of the chat with your colleague
I have a question
I have tested PRS-ORG invoices and went too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice now, but I would like to delete the test invoice so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice for me?
There is a special test invoice.
I have to get rid of them.
No booking results from this.
This was a test in which I went too far
no payment is made.
I just entered this as a test
but then it's as if I had paid
That is wrong.
Can't you just set my "billing range" to 0?
Nothing has been done yet.
Then please close my account and I will create a new one.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I wanted to sign up for the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to sign up with another device, the password I was given did not work.
I tried to reset it, but that doesn't work either.
Can you help me, please?
What do I have to do to be able to use the account with the email address: EMAIL?
Perfect, thank you very much
Unfortunately, nothing came in again.
893361
So, another email will be coming with the password to use, right?
What code?
That I sent you?
The number code?
It works, thank you so much!
I founded a PRS-ORG account many years ago with an email address that now only serves me as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately I unintentionally opened a second account with another email address.
Visitor • 4:11:39 AM
I would like to merge these two accounts, because otherwise I always have to switch
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account runs on EMAIL, the second on EMAIL
I would like to let everything run through EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL can be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Can you help me with that?
On which email address did you send the code?
Which email address did you send the code to?
I didn't get anything there.
I'll check my spam
Very good.
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you!
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from this to PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I will transfer you now.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment, please, I'll check.
I will now listen to your conversation with NAME-M.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you, I received the confirmation email.
Thank you, for today everything is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was locked out of the transfer market.
Alleged coin dispensing.
Which is not possible.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and have already invested 400€.
I also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Ok.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I'm not aware of any guilt!
So, I was still in the game last night and everything was fine.
I also did some parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to check the transfers on the app and the notification came up with the ban and the information about the coin deposit.
I can't understand and comprehend it!
That is why I am hoping for your help.
I immediately changed my password this morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
I was clearly hacked and banned from the trading platform!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
I have wanted to play Battlefield again for years and have now switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
At the start of the game, the message came up that I needed to renew my password.
I did that as well, but I still can't get into the game.
I always get the same message - change password.
I can register for PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via the PS Icon, I get the message "Reset Password"?
Exactly.
Then I always get a message to renew the password or an error to PRS-ORG.
Despite password resetter
Thank you!
My e-mail is EMAIL, for the PS I have the same e-mail
OK.
I'll look into it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I bought the ultimate edition from the PRS-ORG22.
I received the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the dead item
The OTW item is missing however and has not appeared in my account despite signing up and signing out
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, sorry, I read that wrong.
the email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I'm reassured!
Thanks!
That's all, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
And you?
I have the problem that I cannot download the German comment language with PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
Error ALPHANUMERICID
I'm glad to hear that.
I would be happy to.
:-)
Thanks for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to be German.
Only the comments remain in English.
The content itself is already in German.
But I would like to have the comments in German as well.
Ok, thank you very much.
I will try it.
I would be very happy to.
Thank you and have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hi
I was told I could redeem my token in one hour, it has been 2 hours and it is still not working
but how can that be, my colleague told me I have a token
I lost a token because of a game error.
how can I get a token if I don’t get one?
I even have a clip
why are they saying something different now than in the other cases?
I saved a clip how the opponent starts, press and the game leaves
and I suffer defeat.
this is not my internet problem but the game.
yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I can see, the colleague in front of you has written everything wrong.
I get 2 different answers from you.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, the touch screen key on my PRS-ORG device no longer works for "Payment".
And I can't turn the device off because it is the same touchscreen button.
I must look quickly to see how it is called.
PRS-ORG
exactly
The lower button does not work
Since over 3 weeks now
OK.
No
Hello, I am NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I'm fine so far:) I only have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
And, in fact, I can't buy PRS-ORG because the error message is "A problem has occurred at the PRS-ORG checkout.
Please try again later."
is coming.
Exactly, that's right
I am trying to buy points on a PC or in PRS-ORG.
I also tried that.
However, that does not work either.
The message comes that I have to earn the right to access the transfer market.
But I could buy PRS-ORG without an error message a few months ago.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well, of course I hope you too.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I have nothing to do with it. I have a trading list with players that I sell more expensive and there the players go anyway for more expensive and today I received a ban.
But if I go to my ban history there is no mail.
If there is no history there and I have not received an email why I was banned.
Because this news really shocked me, because I have a lot of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly, I can't use it anymore
Of course, that would be very nice, since I also recently drew NAME-M and was able to improve my team thanks to him.
And now I'm banned, that's very stupid because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very nice.
I have to go back to work now, is it somehow possible for me to reach her again?
I just leave the customer chat open
My cartridge machine is broken.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example, “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, apparently an error has just occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I will now put you through to one of our support staff who will take care of your concern.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment, please, I'm looking it up
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Chip reader works.
However, if it says put in the card, the card is not read.
The problem has existed for about a month with the PRS-ORG device.
I have several customers who pay by card.
So the problem with multiple cards
Unfortunately not right now.
As I'm not in the store.
Gladly
Thank you.
Can you also be contacted by phone?
No, thanks.
They helped me a lot.
I wish you a nice work day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
Since today, there is a problem in need for speed unbound.
The in-game camera shifts so much that it is impossible to play.
No changes have been made.
The day before, everything had run smoothly.
I can play this game.
but since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
the camera shifts for no reason while playing
No, I do not get an error.
During normal play, it appears suddenly.
Okay sounds great.
Thank you for your help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it impossible to play.
Have a nice evening.
No, thank you.
thanks a lot for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
NAME-M
yes I'm fine
I hope for them as well
I can't get in the clubs in the PRS-ORG version
What can I do?
it always says for me that data is being loaded for clubs.
How can I revise it?
check
There are only associations.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, this is NAME-M
Unfortunately I have not found any way to give feedback to the developers.
Therefore, I am reporting here, because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem with PRS-ORG right now is cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
Who can I send this to?
I'm looking forward to it.
Thank you very much in advance.
Thank you very much.
And I wish you a nice day too.
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'm looking it up.
I'm listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
Our email address for the purpose of access to the account is: EMAIL.
This email address will soon no longer be valid, because we have cancelled the subscriptions.
That is why we must change the email address as the access point for PRS-ORG.
Can we do this ourselves?
The new email address is: EMAIL
Payout reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We've done that already, and we hope we got it right.
Can you check that?
All clear NAME-M.
Thanks for the help and a nice day.
Best regards, NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes, I had a great day today, I hope you did too.
I was just about to start my PRS-ORG when I received an error message that the game could not be started.
Initialization error on boot.
If I press play I get the error message: Can not be started.
Boot initialization error { DEVICEID: DEVICEID: PHONENUMBER: DEVICEID}
I have already repaired the game area 2x
I just found out that it had to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disruption.
Thanks anyway for the help.
Stay healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I played draft, individual players and in the 2nd.
The game gave me an error message and I was kicked out of the game. Now I'm back in and my draft is finished after a game.
Okay and what do I do now? It says redeem reward after a game.
The second time.
The first time was the first draft, that's when it happened, apparently because of the player NAME-M.
Yes there was
There was something about a system error and I got kicked out of PRS-ORG immediately.
I reported the disturbance directly by clicking on it
Should I redeem the reward and will I still get my draft token?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order.
Yesterday I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG store for 17.49€, but I still haven't received them to this day.
What is the reason for this?
Yes, they can do that.
Do they need something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I have already done that.
I also tried to check via the web app if the points have already arrived, but without success.
And where should I send it to them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG.
When I sign up, I should confirm over my old number (ends in 277) and not over my new number.
My new number is in the PRS-ORG account.
And I also no longer have access to my old
I would like to register at PRS-ORG to use various bonuses
Yes.
As I said, I can't sign up at PRS-ORG; I'm supposed to verify myself using my old cellphone number, which is no longer in my account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to sign up for PRS-ORG and then confirm via my old mobile phone number for PRS-ORG
The problem is not with PRS-ORG.
Somewhere in the settings of my account, my old mobile number is apparently still there, and I should verify using this
My email address is EMAIL
I have already entered my new number in the PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up at PRS-ORG, I was able to verify myself with the new number.
Only when logging in to other sites, but not with me. I'll try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and used them to get a draft token.
When I tried to start the game, the picture was hanging and nothing worked anymore.
So I had to restart the game.
After that, I noticed that my points and token were gone.
This is not the first time that this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing wrong with the connection, my connection was fine.
But this also happens from time to time in the middle of
I just get logged off from the servers even though the internet is there
Yes my email is EMAIL
all good i have time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I filed the case regarding my hacked account on Tuesday, 9:00 am with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long will the processing take? Approximately?
It would be extremely important for me to get my coins back.
I am well, and how about you?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I am not sure at the moment
I'm glad they've had a good day so far!
Ok, that's clear, thanks, I'm looking forward to a prompt processing
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Thanks, how about you?
Here's my problem:
Since approx.
I have been unable to start an online game in PRS-ORG since last month, despite PS+.
I've tried to do it hundreds of times, but every time I start a game, I'm thrown out with the message "Connection to the opponent was interrupted".
I have contacted PRS-ORG customer service and the solutions provided were unsuccessful.
Now I wanted to ask if you have any more ideas on how to solve my problem...
Okay, thank you, of course that's fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry that I haven't written for a long time.
Thank you for the steps taken to solve the problem.
That sounds very good!
Should I try it right now to see if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thank you.
I'll try it with PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thank you and have a nice weekend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I was already at PRS-ORG before and they couldn't help me.
I pre-ordered PRS-ORG and also bought PRS-ORG so that I can play for 10 hours.
I have already logged in multiple times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and re-downloaded PRS-ORG.
I have been waiting for help for more than 2 hours and have now reached the point where I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refunded.
However, I am sure that it should work any minute.
Please check it further for now
What do they want to tell me with that?
Yeah, I'd like to as well.
or they will return me the 4 euro back and I will wait until the 27th.
I don't want to waste any more time.
yes well if I can't play the game even though I paid extra money for it that would be very nice of you
If the problem cannot be solved by 2 people from the support
Yes, so please refund me my money if nothing else is done here.
Okay, thank you.
All clear, the email arrived, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
Wasted 3 hours thank you
ne, it's all good, it's enough.
No, I don't like it.
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I get such sick opponents with mbappe Zidane and salles
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal opponents at my level, damn it.
And why do I have such a strong momentum in my soiel?
I'm 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still hanging
Digga give me my money back, I also break the CD in the video
I have been playing PRS-ORG since I started wearing pants, but what does that mean?
My account was hacked, some of my players were sold and one was bought at a high price and sold for a ridiculous price.
The players who left my team were allan position ZM once NAME-M and the goalie NAME-M
I changed my passwords immediately afterwards
But I would like to have the players back again.
I have now changed it
I'm unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I feel quite okay after a long day at work.
I hope you are doing well too.
I have the following problem: today I finished the PRS-ORG target Winter-Wildcards daily registration.
The last partial destination was completed by SBC today after 7:00 pm via the app on my mobile phone.
Afterwards I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's sign-up as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter Wildcards Player Pack.
However, it was indicated there that the PRS-ORG has been deleted.
I then looked in the shop.
However, I did NOT receive both packs.
What can you do now to check it?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Okay, thank you very much for the information!
Then I will wait a little longer.
Thank you for the information and have a nice evening.
No, thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Please only ask one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you ask your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example: “How do I change my email address?”
{ChatWindowButton:Return the device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
I am now going to transfer you to one of our support staff, who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment, please, I'm looking it up.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to send back my 3G device
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much
No that was it :) thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello I am NAME-M and just fell out of a chat
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Can you check what the call was about?
I think my concern has been resolved!
Thank you very much to you and your colleague!
Thank you and have a nice evening both of you!
No, thank you!
Ciao!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I had already asked on Thursday and got this number HERE PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I'm right here
I am NAME-M
I just want to know why I can no longer get the pre-order packs, I received these on the PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the x-factor version.
And I switched to the Playstation5 3 weeks ago, but I did not receive these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What would you like to know?
I just received this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account with PRS-ORG 5 as with the 4th.
And when will that happen?
I don't want to play with the PRS-ORG version anymore now.
I hope that this works somehow and sometime, because 100€ was a lot of money for that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can't pre-order PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
it worked with my friends but with me this problem has occurred that it does not work
since PRS-ORG can be pre-ordered
so it's been a while
If you pre-order it in the game you get a 10% discount.
Okay, then I'll try it this way.
in email settings?
Ok, I have activated it.
do you know how long this can last?
No, that would be all.
Thanks for the quick help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask from when can PRS-ORG for the Play be downloaded?
Whether it is possibly already Wednesday 00:00?
Yes, that's right, I even pre-ordered the 99 Euro version
But is there a way to find out because I would let the download run overnight.
I took extra vacation for PRS-ORG.
Okay, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game PRS-ORG Middle Ages and Pirates through PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The installation from the Middle Ages has worked smoothly however from the pirates it has not gone.
I have waited for a few days now and wanted to play before, but now I can't open the game.
and I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you.
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager it says that the pirates download is completed.
When I go to my game room it says there PRS-ORG play medieval game and "new expansion ready to install"
then I click on pirates to download but it doesn't work.
I will try their link now and get back to you if it doesn't work.
thanks for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts, which are actually under the same email address.
One for PRS-ORG back then and one for PRS-ORG.
The normal registration by email leads me to my PRS-ORG account, which is ok, but my PS account is not stored there.
Then I registered with the same email via the PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked with that of my ex-boyfriend... how the hell does that work?
We never connected it back then.
I would like to delete the link from his account and add it to my account.
If I enter my registration data, do I come to your Acoount?!
If I enter MY registration data, I get to HIS* account
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I can't remove it.
NAME-M.
Then I have to write PRS-ORG again..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello I'm NAME-M
And now I have the problem that I pre-ordered PRS-ORG, but I did not receive the 4600 points
I have the problem that I preordered PRS-ORG but didn't receive the 4600 points
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I wonder why they are not here.
I'm already getting into PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG22.
I do have access to the preview.
Most of them have also already received their points.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I completed a PRS-ORG mode in PRS-ORG, unfortunately I did not receive the reward for it.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I have completed both partial tasks, but unfortunately did not receive the icon pack.
Exactly
How can I receive my reward?
About 20-30 min
And after 24 hours, should my package be there?
I will do that, but I did not receive the package.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, I am NAME-M, my game doesn't start again... I was already here today
EMAIL
I am a little bit frustrated.
Yes, it's about PRS-ORG
The game does not start
no the game does not start, one time, I could start the game
none at all, when I press "games" PRS-ORG is minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing happens.
I already have that.
a.k.a., it's working again, thanks!
