Hello!
One of the books I bought will no longer open to read.
When I click on it to read it, it closes the app.
It's the only book where that's happening.
EMAIL
I do not remember the exact date, but it was in the last week, if I am not mistaken.
I can't leave here to confirm
Brazilian Portuguese: The discourse of the image
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
OK
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M 😎
I enter a match and when I or my opponent leaves the game I get redirected and leave the ut
In all game modes
I don't know if it's a disconnection because I have been like this since 4 am.
I was making the swaps in the amigaveis
Yes
Because of the swaps my buddies were doing golden goal
I was missing 2 goals and one deep assist.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Yes, sir.
NAME-M
I am okay.
Currently I have been experiencing some problems in the game PRS-ORG related to reward bugs
With the new event happening, it shows that I have already completed it and I can now redeem all the rewards.
But I am stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly.
I sent the photos.
When I do the missions it already shows that I complete them all, but I still find myself in ALPHANUMERICID
That's alright
Thank you so much.
This problem is making me a bit sad because the event rewards are very good and I cannot retrieve them because of this problem
Everything okay then
I thought it was just me and was a bit more relieved knowing you guys have already been working to fix this
I am much calmer, I did not want to lose the items from this event kk
No, thank you very much
Good morning NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
And now I can not change it to English
Brazilian Portuguese: English*
I couldn't find any settings in the game or in PRS-ORG
Thank you
EMAIL
kkkkkk but that is already obvious my friend
I thought that there would be another way to change without having to download the 8GB game again
But I imagined that I wouldn't have another way
I appreciate it anyway
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Good evening, my PRS-ORG, the Career Mode is not coming up but it brings the archives when I open the game
Brazilian Portuguese: it's always like it was the first time
i have to choose time control and play that game
I have uninstalled 3 times but the problem persists
I saw tips to change it from assisted to semi-assisted while the game is running, but the bug returns when I restart the game.
I lose my game saves
I have to redo it every time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello, my brother made a PRS-ORG on my PRS-ORG by accident.
But he made a mistake and I am the one who got the short end of the stick because he sent the players of my team.
Is it possible to claim the players back?
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Yes, if it were possible, because it was a mere mistake of my youngest brother.
I apologize again.
EMAIL
It is my father’s mail since I have already been playing PRS-ORG on this account for a long time.
And at that time I still didn't have email.
If it could be staff it would be more convenient.
Thank you either way.
Good night to all!
Hey friends, good morning.
I went to check now that my 300 bonus didn't come in, damn I didn't know it had to be on a game above 1.80, I lost because I bet everything thinking I would have the bonus, there's no way to withdraw it now?
D:
Sorry, I didn't see that it had to be over 180
I saw that now when I asked
I made a deposit of 300 just so I could play comfortably
he knew he was going to get the bonus
Brazilian Portuguese: in case I lose
I made a slightly safer bet and lost, I went to ask for it back and they refused
Thank you, sweetie.
No way.
Thank you
I thought you might make an exception
It was 300 times alias
Please
can't you see?
with the staff there.
Everything's okay then
Until next time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Well.
However I am having difficulty logging my PRS-T1 mobile account to my browser.
Yes
Yes
Whenever I try to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears.
I would like more information about this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I can't find the mods folder of the PRS-ORG, I already entered the game and the folder was not created.
I had custom content before, I had to format the notebook and NAME-M brought back all the content
But there is no mods folder
When I enter the game, a lot of personalized contents show up, but the folder does not exist.
This, the folder does not exist
I already logged in to PRS-ORG games where I needed to, the PRS-ORG and after that there is no folder.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
Good night.
I cannot play The PRS-ORG because my PRS-ORGs appear completely blurred.
Support told me to use PRS-ORG First Last Name, but it did not work.
I also renamed the folder The PRS-ORG to The PRS-ORG Old and uploaded the game to create a new folder but it didn't solve it.
I want to get to play, but the PRS-ORG is blurry (the background is not)
I was using it, but because it wasn't working, I deactivated it and deleted it
And without mods the problem is the same.
Doesn't work, it is completely out of focus the PRS-ORG
There is no mod there
I already tried and it didn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please state your name?
look what a business this is the server of PRS-ORG is falling all the time today because
It wasn't like this.
something is happening that we don't know
Brazilian Portuguese: now the game doesn't work again
Brazilian Portuguese: the pleasure and our get to know him
You can now access ALPHANUMERICID
look it's not working
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you indicate your name please?
NAME-M
I would like you to explain to me how is it possible that your technicians cannot find a solution to my simple problem
I do not have access to the PRS-ORG market in the web app
Just in the web app
I have already seen what you recommend to do
I have already done it, I have already waited, and nothing.
And they say that there is no possible resolution?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening
I'm having problems with my game
i have been trying to fix it for a while now and it does not solve my game problem
and I'd like to refund him
but has already passed the starting time of the game for the first time
but I didn't even manage to play the game
because the game only stays on the menu screens
EMAIL
NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
So I am trying to play my PRS-ORG (full version) and now that I have set up for PRS-ORG system, PRS-ORG tells me that my system does not support games in ALPHANUMERICID and advises me to contact the developer to get the game updated so I can continue to play.
This is why I am here asking for this help
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, after researching I am aware.
But my contact is a request for the PRS-ORG to update the game to the more current systems
Thank you NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I can't download PRS-ORG
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG could not download your game.
Check your internet connection and try again.
other games do not have this error
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening.
My name is NAME-F
I hope you are well too :P
I downloaded the PRS-ORG again and it is in English, I remember when I played it on the other computer it was in Portuguese
Unfortunately I wasn't able to find the settings
Could you please tell me how do I set the PRS-ORG to Portuguese?
Yes, I can't access the PRS-T2 in English
Thank you very much for your help
Oh, thank you very much!
Do you know if this will have any prediction?
Or if the language switch will be automatic?
Thank you very much
That's all there is to it.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
I have a PRS-ORG and play the PRS-ORG
I would like to play PRS-ORG draft mode but I don't have enough PRS-ORG points to join and I can't buy them
What can I do?
Yes
And getting normal coins is very hard dps it has been so long
Difícil, that's it, there's no other way to access the mode
I saw that the servers will shut down on the 14th
What is going to happen after this
Basically there will be no way to play this mode anymore, right?
I can't open packs because the store is not available for any kind of purchase.
Even msm packs that you earn completing initial missions
There is no way to open them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello my PRS-ORG is locked
I can’t enter without knowing what’s going on
I did nothing against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait.
I will check.
yes
The computer has a lot of, NAME-N.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening
I would like help, more or less 2 months ago I bought the PRS-ORG and now it's free!
I need help, I've had several problems with the game freezing up and now this loss!
I would like to request your consideration
I bought the ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year, and I just checked that it's free.
I just spoke with them and they said it's with you
Brazilian Portuguese: now it looks like I'm going to be sidelined
i would like some help
about the case
yes, but I paid and now everyone has it for free
okay, I understand your position, I am not satisfied and I am sorry for this position.
The game is available for free for all subscribers and I paid for the same.
I thank you for your attention and I ask for forgiveness for inconveniencing you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Good morning NAME-F, how are you doing?
my name and NAME-M
I would like to see help with the situation I'm having with my PRS-ORG
I am also well, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: then, the following happens
Since I bought the PRS-ORG, I can't play a match without having some performance-related problem; the FPS keeps falling and when it falls below 60, the game freezes.
I have already tried to follow several tips on the internet on how to solve this, but nothing has worked, not even the second patch update that should have fixed issues like this, as it was described in the update. I don't know what else to do, but one thing is for sure, I can't play.
I even tried to ask for a refund from PRS-ORG but as I had already passed more than two hours (two hours that I was trying to make the game work) they did not accept
and I don't know what to do anymore, and it's impossible to play any game mode\
hello?
I think that I have done all of these processes and the problem persists
not to mention the silence of PRS-ORG about these problems and a future update to fix this
for I no longer know what to do
okay, I'll do it
but let's face it if the PRS-ORG release a patch it will be months away ne
what if it works
but thank you for the help
No, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon
my name is NAME-M
I'm having problems opening the packages I won.
at the store
thank you
are 4 packets ok?
There is an info about connection and login problem
I've already tried on the app too and nothing
okay
ok.
I'll wait.
anything i'll get in touch again
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a doubt: how can I buy the game PRS-ORG to offer?
In this case, a code for the person to download the game to their PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy there is a link that I can offer?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
hello
good night
I just downloaded the game.
by PRS-ORG games
I can't change the language of the PRS-ORG
yes
I can’t.
he is in english
It’s just a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
hello my name is NAME-M
I wanted to put my prs-org account from prs-org on my pc
How to?
okay
obg
ahhh
ok
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: nn
Thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, I hope you are doing fine. Let me tell you about my problem. I used to play ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG platform, then I bought PRS-ORG and another PRS-ORG, the game works fine, the only problem is that I can't play online with my friends, they also have the PRS-ORG.
My registered email is:
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: ID: NAME-N
I’ve already tried everything I know, and I’ve already spoken with another person by chat, and they weren’t able to help me.
That, I can't play online mode with my friends.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG refund
I had a negative experience.
in relation to performance in my computer
the app crashes too much
and it wasn't what I expected
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hi NAME-N!
Here is NAME-F.
I need help to access my PRS-ORG account, the code is not arriving in the email
A code just arrived here haha
Thank you for your attention NAME-N!
No, that was all!
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
my name and NAME-M as NAME-M
good afternoon
okay
thank you for asking
so my PRS-ORG is not starting
I would like to detach my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
I think that the error is this
right
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: check if and please
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I ask your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am fine and you?
I'd like to change the email associated with my PRS-ORG account.
how could I do this?
However, when I send a security code to my email to make the exchange, the message doesn't arrive.
I am not receiving the emails from PRS-ORG
That's right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please give me your name?
my name is NAME-N
I would like to transfer the account that I recently disconnected from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I disconnected this user thinking that it would be safe in PRS-ORG, but when I opened again, I had lost the account
basically, I want to transfer my progress from the PRS-ORG account to another user
and I ended up disassociating myself from PRS-ORG
and I can't enter the account anymore
when I open PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG
it was bound to another PRS-ORG account
and an entirely new progress appears.
I would like to transfer the progress of this PRS-ORG account to another
Brazilian Portuguese: progress only from the PRS-ORG
How can I go forward?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please give me your name?
good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I had an account at PRS-ORG, which was deleted by another person.
my account has been deleted
I had there the PRS-ORG game with the code: ALPHANUMERICID
I need help to recover my account
EMAIL
I need help to recover the account.
Brazilian Portuguese: it's been a while since I've played and I think I've been deleted or banned
yes
EMAIL
but that was the email address he used
Good afternoon, I made the withdrawal yesterday at 00h and it didn't go through, I got in touch with you, and the attendant said there was a delay in the payment, but that she was going to ask the responsible department to advance my payment, but I went to enter my account now and the withdrawal returned to my amulet account, what happened?
NAME-N to withdraw again?
NAME-N: Sem-títuloz.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: URL
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
NAME-F what you answer me in the email
Brazilian Portuguese: right
yes
but why was it cancelled
that's what I want to know
Should I withdraw again?
so it's not my fault
everything is ok with my account, right?
no
thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I know your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yes
Since yesterday's update I am not able to access the ultimate account on PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all players from PRS-ORG
I do not have PRS-ORG
Also, I only have 5 friends
I can't solve the problem.
I have objectives to complete.
Today, I only have to get the NAME-N card
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP I'm losing because I can't play
But I have to play today
Because I only have until today to complete the objectives
How will they solve this situation?
Because I have PRS-ORG I will be disadvantaged compared to other players??
I will lose important players and points
It's okay.
I'll wait.
Thanks for the help
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: It's all thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-F sou NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 510034
I didn't take this ban before quitting to play, I'm back and do I still have ban for restricted activity?
I only wanted to play to kill time, but I'm seeing that I lost for nothing
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: ola good evening
Can you answer a question?
I want to buy the PRS-ORG...
but for me to play this new map
Am I obliged to buy the gol or ultimate version?
or by buying the basic edition can I already play?
gold or ultimate version *
I don't just want to know if it's possible to play the new map by purchasing the basic version of PRS-ORG ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon
there is no game to download
I have sent it as an attachment.
I received notification that it was available
Brazilian Portuguese: says he became available 58 minutes ago
How can I solve it if I have PRS-ORG?
it's already resolved
you should restart the PRS-T1 app
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG, I owned a PRS-ORG, but I didn't realize that the version I bought was only for it.
I just upgraded to PRS-ORG and I don't have the game for the new version.
Couldn't you make it available?
Will I have to buy the game again?
Since it costs the same value on both platforms
Everything is fine then.
I won't be playing anymore as I'm not going to pay 2x for the same game.
I'll wait for next year.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you give me your name please?
Good night, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to report two users who use hackers in the game PRS-ORG online mode.
One of them is named NAME-N and the other is named NAME-N
Both use commands that the crosshair automatically goes to other players' heads and they can see through walls.
Incidentally, the server of the online PRS-ORG games is filled with users who use this type of cheat.
Unfortunately it's demotivating to play there.
I would like to see action taken against them.
The most fair thing would be to ban them from the platform.
Ok.
I will report at the link that you sent me
That's it.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'd like to link my PRS-ORG account with Twitch
only that she requests an access code
in a number that I no longer have
I've already tried those cases
just q this is saying q it will send the authentication code to a number I no longer have
and it's not the number that I have linked to
I used
Brazilian Portuguese: he takes me where I reported the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: it asks for a verification code
Brazilian Portuguese: and says that it will be sent to a phone number
q I don't have it anymore
and I have already changed it in the PRS-ORG account, that number has been around for a while.
Okay.
thank you very much for the help
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I would like to have a telephone contact to speak with you
My account was hacked and you say there's nothing suspicious?
I'm not well.
You play with the customers
I'm not liking this situation at all
Glad to say it was me who did what happened to my account?
Yes I wished I had a contact to call
Please
Don't you have a number to call???
My e-mail is EMAIL
I already know that they will say that no one entered the account.
But did they enter me in the account?
Ok thank you
Not thank you just this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Hello how are you?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all PRS-ORG points and jewels to win NAME-M, and again there was no player!
The past promotion did not come either.
I made a complaint
And I did not have a refund and I did not win anything.
Only losses
The promotion of the same is now gone from the store!
Brazilian Portuguese: But it was reported last time
That is the second time in a row.
I'm losing money.
The assistant who told me that I was the first to report it
Now this still happens
Brazilian Portuguese: But just reporting doesn't resolve what happened
How do I request a refund?
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M
I have already spoken to a colleague of yours about the missing game in my library, after having done what you asked me the game is still missing
And since I work and leave at 20 it's pretty hard to have an online conversation that resolves the situation since I can't access my pc now
EMAIL
The missing game and the PRS-ORG
Game bought on 26-11 at PRS-ORG
I have already rebooted, I have already been dishonest, I have already deleted the files that my colleague told me to delete, and still I don't have a game.
I have proof of payment from the bank and PRS-ORG as I purchased the game and as I already have 30hrs in it
47.99€ was paid
I already succeeded in starting it from PRS-ORG
Given that I am not home I could not log in there, as soon as I arrive I will check it!
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm needing help because my PRS-ORG is reading my PRS-ORG controller
however my control is PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG this is as PRS-ORG and the control settings in the PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG is also as of PRS-ORG
however when I open the game it is as if it is PRS-ORG
before it was normal, I've already tried everything to fix it but it doesn't work
was
changed to PRS-ORG out of the blue
and it won't go away
I took a print to show that it is marked as PRS-ORG control in the PRS-ORG
where can I send it?
now back to normal
thank you so much
have a good night
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I know your name, please?
NAME-M, I have 38 players listed as transfer-listed on my PRS-ORG.
However, they show up as being sold but I haven't received the coins and can't withdraw them.
They are there frozen.
I need gold letters to make PRS-ORG
Did you understand?
This, the 38 players are stuck there in my transfer list
These are low values.
Brazilian Portuguese: They are overall gold players at most, around 1,500 per player.
They're listed there.
Brazilian Portuguese: all gold, rare or common
I would have to add up the values of each player and didn't do it
But this is the second time you guys got it wrong with me.
Time goes by and nothing is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: hello good afternoon
my PRS-ORG won't open
whenever you update the operating system this happens
I bought it from PRS-ORG
my name is NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: he just doesn't open
I already disabled my antivirus.
I have already meddled with the data app
and nothing helps
I've already done it, dude.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please state your name?
NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, clicking to play multiplayer mode the game shuts down
in just a few seconds
what might it be?
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
I downloaded it from PRS-ORG, but it requires the use of PRS-ORG to play it
I wish I could send you a video of what's happening
this, I downloaded the PRS-ORG, the game starts normally, campaign mode works fine
only the multiplayer that does not
but the campaign works fine, I can play normal
this error only affects multiplayer
in fact it is not even an error, the game just closes
I am going to try to uninstall and reinstall
Brazilian Portuguese: nao
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Good afternoon.
I can't unlink the prime gaming account
I wanted to put my new account
If you can help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Brazilian Portuguese: Ok, I'll wait, thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Why does PRS-ORG have a trash server?
DON'T COME AND ASK ME A QUESTION
JUST READ
NAME-N, does anyone know how to read it?
And what problem did I say?
I did not say it was my internet, it is not my pc
AND THE SERVER OF THE PRS-ORG IS A JUNK
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, all the attendants say the same thing
to this day the server is still trash
Soon?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N what a joke
Years and years of consumer complaints.
PRS-ORG not greedy does not buy a server
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
my name is NAME-M
I was going to make a draft online
and came
2 NAME-N I sent the image as an attachment
that being impossible
That's right.
Brazilian Portuguese: can't help
in this case
I will take other measures against the company.
we the players pay to have a product, and as we have PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel cheated
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself?
Why is the game so buggy after the update...PRS-ORG
When does the next update come out, so I know why there are no conditions there by then...
Player stops from running out of nowhere...defender jumps in front of the attacker.the side-back runs twice as fast as the wingers.
I make all of us first days play in the other team and do not feel on the field
I am not complaining about gameplay.
I do 8x1 9x1 this I did 4 in suffering, there's no way to play this way.
I want to know when the next PRS-ORG update will be?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I please have your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yesterday I talked to NAME-M about my account being invaded
she helped me, but I can't log in my PRS-ORG account
already changed my password several times.
I can't access the account, which is linked to the PRS-ORG account
Brazilian Portuguese: my NAME-M closed and I was not able to get in touch again
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide your name?
Pleasure as well.
I have a doubt with the PRS-ORG.
I see you talking about becoming verified on the PRS-ORG.
To be verified is to reach the elite division of PRS-ORG?
OK.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you give me your name, please?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I have doubts concerning the packs of PRS-ORG with problems.
I saw that those who made the player pick of PRS-ORG and took PRS-ORG away will receive the player pick again.
However what made the icon prime pack and took away the icon moments tbm will get?
I took a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG pack
I got it, in that case, how long will it take for me to receive it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm fine, thank you.
I subscribed to PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG to play PRS-ORG but it does not seem to purchase without buying
Can I acquire the PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check.
I can’t find this game.
I've been looking at the PRS-ORG games list now and all the PRS-ORG are on PRS-ORG including PRS-ORG
Except PRS-ORG which is not in PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I contacted a while ago because I have the same PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG and on PC but on PRS-ORG it gave me a different name
In PRS-ORG, I have a team in PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I accessed the account in PRS-ORG, but on the Pc, a different name already appeared
Brazilian Portuguese: Nome PRS-ORG - NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: Name PRS-ORG PC - ALPHANUMERIC
Email is the same - EMAIL
Yes, that's right, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here on the PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when PRS-ORG offered it to us a few months ago.
Here at Pc
Yes I know, but when I started PRS-ORG here on the PC, it searched for my PRS-ORG account and I even received rewards for continuing to use my account to play.
Except for PRS-ORG, I never played PRS-ORG on the PC.
Yes, it is possible that yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
Good afternoon, NAME-M
I am NAME-M
I was playing the weekend league and was winning 3-1 when my rival quit the match
But I did not win the victory
Can you verify?
EMAIL
Should I have stayed with the win right?
Brazilian Portuguese: No
I believe the penultimate
It was 3x1.
Ah, everything is okay then
But will it count as a victory?
I understand.
Thank you.
No.
Just that
Thank you!!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Good afternoon.
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put the email it doesn’t proceed
It does not advance.
Brazilian Portuguese: ValéEMAIL
All minuscule and without accents
How do I do that?
Kkkkk
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please introduce yourself?
I just bought PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG website
I made the recovery on the PRS-ORG account.
But it's not showing up in the game
Here it appears that I have 55 Reals available
But how do I add it to PRS-T1?
That's right.
CREDITCARD
that's what I bought at the PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I managed to get it back here on the account
the value
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Good Afternoon!
I would like to know if it is possible for you to delete my account in PRS-ORG?
Why am I trying to log in it and it says that there is a problem with my account
I wanted to uninstall and start all over again
I can't open my PRS-ORG games in my PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: also
It reads "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account
Then, in the PRS-ORG, I enter my libera email and the app opens
However, I am unable to link PRS-ORG and I am unable to open the game.
I have already uninstalled the app and the game and installed them again
Even so, it didn't resolve it
I need a lot of your help, I'm talking to you the second time of the day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, may I have your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure is mine
So, I have been away for some time and can’t log into my old account
I have a certain doubt about the email, I believe it is, EMAIL
But when I request to retrieve the password, I don't receive the email
As PRS-ORG is a very old website it has undergone so many changes that I had to reactivate my email
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello.
Please I would like to cancel my PRS-ORG subscription
I am trying to perform the cancellation through the billing page, but the cancelation option is not appearing
The associated email is EMAIL
It is already canceling everything by PRS-ORG my subscription of PRS-ORG.
A doubt: if I subscribe to PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG, will my progress in the other games that I had by PRS-ORG still continue?
Or would it all start from scratch?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may you please state your name?
hello good evening
So I have a problem in the app PRS-ORG
I am unable to download PRS-ORG
msg appears: there was a problem with your download
something went wrong during the download.
Please wait a few minutes and try again.
Yes.
only accessible via PRS-ORG
I'm going to do the procedures here.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Likewise, NAME-M.
I made a PRS-ORG where it said "PRS-ORG player selection", but I received a PRS-ORG.
But I only did PRS-ORG because I thought I would get the Player's Choice, if I knew I would win a package I would not have done it.
Is there anything that can be done?
Are you still there?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a PRS-ORG match, when my opponent left the game after taking a goal.
As soon as I got out of the game, a message appeared saying that the game was under review
I tried to join the game mode again, and I couldn't join. A message appeared saying that I don't have the right to play this mode.
It appears in rivals and PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG he enters normally
No, I want to end it, we still have 7 matches to go, but I can't play.
I am beginning to believe that I was banned unfairly.
Brazilian Portuguese: 1 minute
EMAIL
NAME-N
Ah perfect, I was scared that I had taken ban kkkkkkkkk
Thanks for your help 👍🏻
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
This is my login in the game, my account was banned on the PRS-ORG, I stopped playing for a while and noticed that some coins were missing.
I think I was hacked!
I’ve been playing since 2012 and I’ve never been anti-game!
I need you to check for me what is happening
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I am having trouble entering PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: one hour says it's the PRS-ORG's problem, another one the servers'
I have been several times to the websites.
Brazilian Portuguese: and it never works
what did I do?
I do.
it worked now
thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello NAME-M, good day!
My name is NAME-M
Hello!
NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG via my mobile, in the PRS-ORG app, when I got home I logged in to the game and the PRS-ORG weren't there
I bought it again and it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORGs of the second purchase fell
But the first purchase, the PRS-ORG didn't fall for it
Yes!
24h have passed.
I bought at 10h05 yesterday
Damn it, I feel cheated by the loss of these PRS-ORG.
I understand!
I will contact the PRS-ORG, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Everything okay and with you?
I am trying to buy PRS-ORG points, and when I log in to see the PRS-ORG points options, a message appears
You are not currently able to add PRS-ORG points
Try again later
It has been a few days, it has never occurred to me
PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Sorry, I did not get it?
Is the server blocked from buying PRS-ORG points for PRS-ORG 18?
Got it, so it is a temporary problem.
If I can't do it within 24 hours, I'll contact you again.
Thank you for your attention.
Recently we purchased 24 e-books by the PRS-ORG app and paid with a credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase??
Waiting.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 03/03/2021
Recently we made the purchase of 24 e-books through the PRS-ORG app and paid with a credit card.
I would like to know if an NF will be issued for this purchase??
I am waiting.
Will you issue a NF for the purchase that we made through the PRS-ORG app?
For every sale of a product, a NF is generated, right?
I would like to know if you will send me by email the NF of the purchase of 24 e-books that we have just made
HOW IS THIS?
Don't you have a partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I please have your name?
Good evening, NAME-M.
I was already talking with another attendant, but my connection fell
I'm fine, thank you for asking
My PRS-ORG game has a bug, where the icon marker is moving without me touching the controller
I have already changed the control and it still has the same bug.
Yes.
When I turn on the game the arrow goes moving to select the icons without stopping, and this all without me touching the control.
I have already tried different controllers and the bug continues
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Can you help me?
I already have PRS-ORG linked in the PRS-ORG account
I used to play PRS-ORG normally... until yesterday
Brazilian Portuguese: today I can not log on to PRS-ORG anymore, says: sorry but there was an error in the connection with PRS-ORG
EMAIL
I even reformatted the computer to see if it would work again... and it doesn't work at all
I'll send a print screen
Brazilian Portuguese: just started working again
Did you make any adjustments?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
I am unable to link my account to PRS-ORG
I put in the email and password but the code does not arrive in my email
EMAIL
this above is the main one
Brazilian Portuguese: the secondary one is EMAIL
however doesn't give the option of setting the secondary to link
I was able to get that code you sent
obg
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have a particular problem
in my PRS-ORG
I am having a problem.
which when I try to change the shadow details graph to disabled, it goes back to low for no reason
I just want to leave it deactivated, but I can't
EMAIL
here is the email
it must be a technical problem, NAME-F I tried to uninstall the game and reinstall it, format the pc, and it didn't work
still gives the same problem
NAME-F?
Brazilian Portuguese: it's been a long time.
Brazilian Portuguese: almost a year ago
is this not the problem
the problem is in my game graphics
Brazilian Portuguese: just the "shadow details [illumination]" that keeps shifting down, alone
even though I want to leave it deactivated
NAME-M, I hope to get a response from you as soon as possible
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello 😸
My insignia from 10/10/10 was not counted
Each one on the team has to kill 10 people to get , we got it she did not tell
Brazilian Portuguese: Jogo PRS-ORG
I have photo and video if that helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello good day
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked to the e-mail EMAIL
Last night I purchased 1050 PRS-ORG and they still have not entered my account.
Brazilian Portuguese: ID PRS-ORG
E-mail EMAIL
I purchased directly from the PRS-ORG store.
Buying the game directly was giving an error
I opened the menu on my PRS-ORG, went to the shop, searched for PRS-ORG points and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reals.
The account has the following value signed by PRS-ORG.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I renewed the subscription to PRS-ORG but it entered in duplicity.
I want to cancel one of the charges
The signature is for PRS-ORG
I made the purchase through PRS-ORG itself
in the PRS-ORG application
okay then
thanks
just that
NAME-F
Brazilian Portuguese: good dua
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
I need to inform you that the request was received.
... it still remains to test if I can download it.
and to find out if the booklet that came with the PRS-ORG
where do I print?
with the instructions manual
I bought version 4.
with no limitations to the free version to be launched on day 18
already appeared in the download environment
but I need to know where the manual for download with the license for use and instructions is
also
it would be like downloading the start and the instruction manual equal to the the PRS-ORG
when I bought it it was in physical media
and the instruction manual
yes
In addition, I thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning and good job
only that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, good evening!
I would like to request my Rival rewards since I completed the 8 weekly wins
My name is NAME-M
My email is EMAIL
Ah yes 🙌🏻
That's okay.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I sent the photo of the error upon login
I was in an online match and, in the middle of the game, my Internet connection dropped.
I'm trying to reconnect but I can't
I sent a photo of the error
I want to enter the PRS-ORG menu
You need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I'm restarting the console
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG* console
I will try again
I think it worked 🤞🤞
That was it.
Thank you very much for your help.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I please have your name?
I bought PRS-ORG
did not fall
I have attached just as you requested.
I need them to be entered manually
because I want to buy something that has a time limit to buy it.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
EMAIL
dude I'll lose the promotion and I'll sue you guys.
second call that I open and you guys in this farce
Proof has been sent, that's why it was supposed to be in my account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Hi, friend
I was banned and want to use my email again for another account
i want you to delete my account
Yes
Exclude everything
I want to use that email again friend
EMAIL
the account has already been deactivated and you will be left with the email retained.
My PRS-ORG account is this email, I can't play PRS-ORG on it because you are holding my email
How to change??
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
So NAME-F, good afternoon!
I'm having a problem with disconnects, or DC as is better known, in my account
It's not my internet, because I'm never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, only from the games
And it is harming me greatly, especially in the PRS-ORG's, especially because it is very important not to lose silly games for trying to reach a higher rank, now that I am taking this kind of disconnections every week, what do I do?
That, I am experiencing a disconnect problem
Brazilian Portuguese: Facing**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
Good afternoon, everything is okay!!
So, it appears that today there is an update to the game, right?!
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, but when I started the game it gave an error
I have already uninstalled, and reinstalled.
However, he persists in error
I cannot play the game. An error message always appears.
I have the photo.
It may keep
I remain in the waiting.
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and it's all good
Only the PRS-ORG itself gave an error after that update, and it doesn't work
Do you think you can release it today?
Or do they give some sort of time frame?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
First of all, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account has been suspended from the transfer market
Account: ALPHANUMERICID
However, I am not in any currency buying and selling scheme
Correct
Clear
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
I want to change the PRS-ORG account that is linked to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked a PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account, but it's my cousin's account and I've signed the PRS-ORG so I want to change the account
I want to link another Prime account
Only I am unable to do so, as it says I can’t link another account.
But I don't want to use the 2, I only want to put the prime that I signed
I want to link another prime gaming account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I purchased the PRS-ORG and it won't load.
You get stuck on the story mode loading screen
My pc complies with the requirements to play and I have already tried to lower the graphics to the maximum to try to load.
So what remains is to wait to be corrected?
Isn’t there anything I can do?
I want to play the game
As it turns out, earlier in the year the same game was on promotion and I bought it and had exactly the same problem.
I refunded since I thought it was a hardware problem.
Will I have to wait another 1 year to play the game?
8 months have passed and the problem was not solved.
it is difficult to trust your word that soon it will be solved
What a joke
But okay
I don't even have anything to do
Thank you for at least letting me know
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I'm unable to start a match.
It was after I had made an DME that this mistake started…
Today during the morning I was playing normal
Now the night has problems.
The message “You have a connection problem with PRS-ORG” appears.
And then you can return to the main menu
I can't start a game in any game mode
I have already tested my connection and everything is fine
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Is my account all right?
Do other people also have this problem?
How do I solve it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good evening.
I am unable to play PRS-ORG.
I hold the PRS-ORG membership of PRS-ORG, it includes PRS-ORG
The fact is that when I opened the game, the error appeared, which I attached the images to.
Remember that this is the 10 o’clock evaluation.
I even managed to get access to the game earlier.
But now I'm trying and the described error appears
Talk to me to verify my subscription, it's active until the 2nd of the next month
OK.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you introduce yourself please?
My name is NAME-M
How are you doing?
I'm having problems to go in PRS-ORG mode and some friends also are having this same problem
How wonderful!
☺️
Yes, I sent it at the beginning of the conversation
A photo of what appears
Unable to connect to the PRS-ORG.
Please try again later.
This message that appears
The PRS-ORG which I play is another profile.
Play PRS-ORG on one account and PRS-ORG on the following
EMAIL
It is the e-mail
Yes, yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I still have problems starting the game
I can't play
Brazilian Portuguese: the anticheat gives problem
A memory dump appears in the error message
I got in contact earlier and I was told that they would fix this issue right away
and I signed up for PRS-ORG just to be able to play the game today.
I want to know when I can start playing.
yes
I have already tried a lot of things.
Brazilian Portuguese: and nothing resolves it
You should already be aware of this problem
Brazilian Portuguese: so, what is the solution?
Is the problem with the anticheat then?
Should I not do anything on my computer?
okay
Thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I can not play PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG
A message appears saying I do not have permission
Yes.
It says that I don't have the required permission to access this feature.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I was talking with another attendant and the chat dropped
concerning my last open case with PRS-ORG
no, I bought the PRS-ORG from his event!
but shortly after you nerfed him and he is unplayable, my request was if I could exchange my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one!
because I deeply regret having bought his and you nerfed the doll
I would really like it if you could help me
i was talking to another atendente but fell down, he said that he would check with the team
attendant*
Brazilian Portuguese: yes or refund to get wraith
new from the wraith
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG is the game that I love the most, that I have been playing the most since season 1
I would be very grateful if you can help me.
gosh
any code for me to try and purchase the new inheritance?
I would not call if I left from serr
seer
Brazilian Portuguese: you give so much code to those streamers who only speak bad things about the game and we, the same lovers of the game, end up being prejudiced by the nerfs they make to the dolls
I would be playing with him if they hadn't killed him.
now I've spent it and I regret it and ngm can help me
Brazilian Portuguese: a code you would be helping me, I would complete what was missing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Hey my account was invaded or my phone was hacked I don't know and my players were sold my coins disappeared and I was banned from the market
I was very focused on my account and now this happened I am disheartened
I’m already trying to get in touch with you guys give me 5 star attention the support just sends emails that don’t resolve the issue
Case
My account is already old and never had banishment it was not me
And for the start another account does not work since I already have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is linked
Please help me
I am desperate.
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please provide me with your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
this problem already persists for a week
I'm very angry
When I start the anticheat, the message appears: "it was not possible to start.
Need administrator access this problem has persisted for a week now
I need an answer urgently
YES HONEY
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please provide me with your name?
Hello, NAME-F.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
So, I took advantage of the 70% discount that the PRS-ORG is giving, and I decided to purchase the PRS-ORG.
I installed NAME-F but when I try to play the game I get these error messages... I have no idea what they mean or how to fix it...
I sent the print as an attachment when the chat opened.
Yes, correct.
I open the game through the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG page, it also starts by PRS-ORG, and the errors that I sent appear on the print.
Has NAME-F been able to access the print I sent?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, may I ask your name please?
I have reinstalled the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG App, but PRS-ORG doesn’t open.
The PRS-ORG App opens twice and doesn’t open the game.
It was normal until yesterday.
Correct
I already searched through all of the tutorials from you guys.
There's nothing left but to format the computer...
Even the last assistant sent 3 links to my email that I had already accessed previously.
EMAIL
This is associated with my PRS-ORG account, where I bought it from.
No error messages appear.
It simply does not open.
Brazilian Portuguese: They do not even manage to open the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG app simply closes and reopens in offline mode
ok
they were the same links they sent me last time
I have already accessed and it did not resolve the problem.
apparently I will have to try to format my computer because even you don't know the reason
Thank you for nothing.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello my friend, how are you?
my name is NAME-M
I am.
I purchased PRS-ORG a few minutes ago but didn't really enjoy the game
Brazilian Portuguese: then I would like to ask for a refund
Can you help me with this?
Of course, a friendly moment
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Good evening!
my name is NAME-M
I was thinking of purchasing the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, but I can't see if my PC has the requirements to run the game
my processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID 2.40 GHz
I have 8 GB RAM
but the graphic card is
Yes, but graphic card only has Nvidia or PRS-ORG
my graphic is Intel HD graphics 520
is it possible to run the game?
ah, ok
well, it seems I'll have to invest in a video card
Thanks for the help!
thank you
That’s it for today!
Good rest of the day and good job!
thanks
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please give me your name?
I am NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the sever crashed
Am I going to lose the match?
Yes but am I going to get the PRS-ORG entry back?
I can't connect
The server is down
My internet is perfect.
The server crashed while I was playing.
I want to know if I will receive my entry fee back from PRS-ORG?
And it's not just me who can't log in
Everyone I know is not able to do it
It wasn't a problem of my internet
It was a problem with you guys from the server
I just don't want to lose the match because of it.
I only want the PRS-ORG entry returned.
Okay.
Just this
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
I wanted a refund.
from the game that I bought the PRS-ORG
I can't play
the game is in error and I can't enter to play.
Brazilian Portuguese: I meet the requirements but I don't want my money back
3 days and I can't log in to play
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M birth
Good evening. How are you?
I am contacting you because you deleted my team and I want to see the possibility of recovering it
NAME-N this game makes me nervous kkkk
This msmo
In the ultimate time.
Name of the club: Wizard's army
Ok
EMAIL
Hmm ok then I am closing my participation in the PRS-ORG
Thank you very much for trying
Good evening NAME-F all the best, stay with God
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Are you okay?
My home in the PRS-ORG is gone
Was in contact right now, they asked to follow a troubleshooting step by step guide by PRS-ORG
I had to restart the computer and lost the dialogue, but it didn’t work
I did not use any corrupted item, only the ones from the package,
It went away at one point, I opened a solution request, after a while the update appeared and came back
I created the family and when I went to put it in the house it had disappeared again.
That's right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Good evening, my question is regarding the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: The 10 hours of PRS-ORG count only when the game is open
Or count from the first moment that opens the game.
Plus, if I close the game and go do something else the test keeps running
Or only when the game is open?
In the case if I turn off the PC does the time still continue is it this?
If the game is completely closed
The weather is still the same
Or if the game is still open
Okay, thanks very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hi.
I am extremely frustrated because yesterday I entered my account and noticed that practically all my coins had been withdrawn.
Roughly 1 million and 100 thousand coins.
I don't know what to do about this!
That is why I came to ask for help.
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please indicate your name?
Good evening, I have just got in touch with a problem with the download of the purchase I made.
I made the purchase again and had the same problem
My name: NAME-M
Okay.
I still have a problem downloading the PRS-ORG package for the PRS-ORG I purchased.
I am using the PRS-ORG App.
Could it be a problem of the app?
I managed to download it.
I cleared the application cache.
from the PRS-ORG App, in the option “App Recovery”
it worked .
For now, thanks for your help!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I bought a game and I can't download it, can you help me?
I installed the PRS-ORG application on my computer.
I purchased The PRS-ORG collection of worlds
EMAIL
I'm not getting an error message, I wanted you to tell me how to download the game from the PRS-ORG app
Brazilian Portuguese: he only appears (YOU ALREADY HAVE THIS ADD-ON)
But I don't know how to download the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG level 500 account
however I want to play in PC and link the same account
when cross progression comes, will it be wrong to lose my things from the PRS-ORG account?
the game is PRS-ORG legends
but i play on pc now
with the same email.
etc.
is there going to be some problem in the future?
I am a writer and the holder of the rights to the book The Fairy and the Wizard.
URL
You can't sell it!
the company that put the book there can't see it... so take it away...
Brazilian Portuguese: I'm not speaking as a user
I speak as a writer and owner of the rights.
you and human
I want to talk to a human
thanks I am going to open a case there
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, may I have your name please?
Hello Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to solve my problem, I decided to contact you.
When starting the PRS-ORG, I get an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I tried everything I saw on the internet to fix it, but all in vain.
Basically, you are my last chance
The one in question, I did not do that.
Do you want me to do it?
just give me a minute, please, I will be fast.
Unfortunately it still gives the same error
After following all the steps, the same error appears again when starting the PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately I am unable to open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS in the PRS-ORG App Companion.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hi, I am unable to connect to rivals
It has been over 15 hours
I am able to log in to play the rivals
A warning is appearing, more than 15 hours
Yes
I had already contacted the support and they said that the problem would be solved quickly
But the problem still remained
Alright, how about the rewards?
Because I still lack 1 game to achieve and I am 12 hours late to close the Rivals
Everything is good
And how could I get these packages later?
For it is the progress of every season, there are 89 games to catch the best reward, and I am not managing to play in order to catch game 90
It is frustrating we play a whole season and not get rewarded
Especially in such an important event as the TOTY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
everything's okay
then, a while ago I deleted my gmail that was part of a prs-org account and nowadays I can't access my old account just because I deleted my old gmail
how could you help me?
this account that I'm talking about now and my gmail act, that is, I want to try to recover my old account
which is registered in that gmail
EMAIL
that old gmail was deleted and I forgot to switch it in PRS-ORG before deleting it and there were games there
as bf4 and others
how could I recover the account by PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: then, NAME-M.
Today I bought and downloaded the game NAME-F and after the installation it does not open.
It will show the following message: "An error on our side has caused a startup failure.
Please try again later.
No, it is installed.
But it doesn't open when I begin...
yes
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
Because I then liked the amuletobet
I found a better betting house
Brazilian Portuguese: The agile URL is not a bonus and not for withdrawal.
I can’t play games with platforms like this
I'm sorry, I can't.
Bonus denied
So I want to delete my account, and I don't want any bonuses because I've decided already, and my way.
I don't want anymore, I found a better house and I value that a lot, and my form.
Tchau de já fico grato.
For exclusion.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, may you tell me your name please?
I bought the PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG and when I started the PRS-ORG my game was not in the library, when I started from PRS-ORG I was redirected to PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I did not receive any code, it gives an access denied error, I have print of the proof of purchase
Yes
I actually bought from PRS-ORG, I did not know it had code
but when I start the game I get redirected to PRS-ORG and asks me for the code
I contacted PRS-ORG and they directed me to the PRS-ORG website, now I'm lost, one sending me to the other
and here in the same site says that I can appeal to you
I lost my code and did not install using the PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose a product key, please contact us so we can assist you.
You may be asked for a proof of purchase, so make sure you have it.
that is a topic that I found interesting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
My pleasure
I bought the PRS-ORG game but I cannot access it.
I teach email and I can not finish
I am unable to move forward and use it
Thank you very much
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may you please indicate your name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Please help me.
I was hacked and as far as I saw, they deleted my club from PRS-ORG.
I invest a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and I can not lose my account like this.
As I sent you the photo in the attachment this morning I tried to enter in my companion app of PRS-ORG and I have no club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thanks in advance for the help.
I played for the last time on Tuesday night.
Yesterday I didn't play because I worked all day and today when I wanted to enter the club in the morning it said that the club didn't exist.
Ok thank you for the info
Brazilian Portuguese: So you say it's this and I wasn't hacked
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I'm trying to link a PRS-ORG account
but says that another one is already linked
being that I have already disconnected last week
EMAIL
this is the email I want to link
what is linked is the EMAIL
I was not using the old one
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon
My name is NAME-M
I can’t sign in to my PRS-ORG account in PRS-ORG game
The app closes as soon as I enter the option to put the account
Yes
I have restarted already.
I have already uninstalled and installed the app.
Brazilian Portuguese: And again the problem persists.
No.
The game has just been installed
Did not ask for any updates
Ok
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My name is that
I'm great.
I am not able to login to the PRS-T1 mobile
In my case, on my account
The error is the login because it just does not appear to me
Only a dark image remains.
And then it only keeps charging
thanks for trying to solve this for me, i really appreciate it
Yes, I'm using the PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
That's the id I was using
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: the email is EMAIL
I have already been attended in the protocol PHONENUMBER
nothing helped
Brazilian Portuguese: the game simply shuts down every time I open it
either by the PRS-ORG or by the PRS-ORG
I have reinstalled, I have done everything
and it keeps not opening
of the black screen
exactly
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
Hello, NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M and I was talking to PRS-ORG when the window closed.
It is also a pleasure
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins but I didn't even select the difficulty.
My energy fell and I lost coins without disputing the draft.
Can you help me?
EMAIL
Thank you.
Unfortunately this doesn't solve the problem.
There are no rewards since the draft hasn't even been played yet but the PRS-ORG took my 15 thousand coins.
There's nothing else you can do to help.
Lamentable.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I know your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
unfortunately I am not feeling well at the moment
my account is advertising my players and items on the PRS-ORG
doing sale and purchase without me asking!!!
I don't know if someone is entering my account or if it is a bug.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I know your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My account e-mail  says that there isn't any
PRS-ORG
But she enters anyway.
My email is  and this EMAIL
I only want to recover the account
No PRS-ORG it starts normally
In the PRS-ORG app
Brazilian Portuguese: No
I believe so
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I can not make the payment of the packages, it gives unauthorized even though I have credit on the card
EMAIL
Pass the card, as usual.
seconds later
Brazilian Portuguese: the purchase is refunded
I tried 2 different cards
Brazilian Portuguese: what should I do?
Try again later?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you tell me your name, please?
My name is Indian Shit
Go take it in your butt, your asshole!
That company had to blow up with all of you inside, you're going to take it
The disgusting handicap of this game
Always favoring the worst ones.
If the son of a bitch plays bad or has a shit team the problem is his own damn problem.
Here you are, screwing the game with this handicap
Talk to me, NAME-N, are you not ashamed to work at this company???
Aren't you ashamed of working for PRS-ORG?
How long do you need to answer a simple question?
My question is: are you not ashamed of working for the PRS-ORG?
It is a very simple question: yes or no?
Well based hahaha they did brainwashing on you, dude
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please indicate your name?
Hello good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Is there any link that I could enter?
Not to use the app
The link worked for me, but can I play PRS-ORG through this application?
Opa, from that link
Same in PRS-ORGado
How?
:C
When I click on PRS-ORG, it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, however it gives me options to download the PRS-ORG
According to the PRS-ORG, it's not OK?
Oh my God
Brazilian Portuguese: and now?
I already uninstalled and installed and nothing.
Then I enter the program of the PRS-ORG that is installed on the computer, but it opens the PRS-ORG that doesn't load and the game doesn't open
I will restart, hopefully, for sure
I am desperate
thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: hello, how are you?
so, since last week I've been having problems with speed lag
However my connection is good and the servers are also working
I do not know if the video was attached
I normally connect to the servers, I manage to get into the PRS-ORG
but when you go into the match, some red signs appear in the top corner of the screen
and slows everything down, and out of nowhere everything gets super fast
Brazilian Portuguese: ping is always between 30 and 40
but some different signals appear in red in the upper corner of the screen
I don't know if it was possible to understand.
so my problem is probably with the internet provider then
unfortunately
oh, my god, what a bag.
Portuguese (Brazil): it was not just that thanks a lot
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Yes
I bought the pass today at 4:00 p.m. But it didn't release, I have been sending a receipt since then and talking to an attendant to solve the problem
Now they asked me to talk in the live chat
Could you explain me the step by step?
Because when I leave I have to do it all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon
Brazilian Portuguese: and Portuguese
hello
my god kkkkkkkkk
I didn't know that language.
Brazilian Portuguese: then NAME-N
but I don't know the email address of the account of these codes
how chic
I can send you the email of the account I'm talking to you now
but it is not the account with the expansions that I am referring to
my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
good evening
I would like to know how to have access to the PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, played it all day and couldn't complete it
is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
also thanks, in the transfer page it appears that my PRS-ORG account still doesn't have access
NAME-M, I have to get access by playing
good thing, I thought NAME-M had taken a bath without NAME-F lol
thanks ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I opened an appointment and received an email yesterday saying that it was finished
It's just that the reward didn't come to me like it was supposed to
EMAIL
Oshi mais aqui is different for me
They were analyzed and the coins were credited to my account
And how do I deposit something from the game to my account and you can't do anything about it?
So, what do you serve for?
We pay so much for a game and when there's a glitch, the help desk can't resolve it
And I still end up out of pocket.
I want a solution.
And what happens I end up out of pocket then?
Man, if it has to be done, I don’t accept that
How do I have some of your account content and still come out in the red?
And you still get an email saying that everything was fine that it was found that it was an error and that the game coins would be added to the account?
Something's not right.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Will I have to buy the PRS-ORG again?
in the order history shows that the status of PRS-ORG failed
hello, nice to meet you
in my card app it shows that payment is in progress
but because of the status in the order history showing that it failed I was in doubt
One more doubt, the value will be charged back to my credit card then, right?
I'm not at risk of getting two PRS-ORGs
Perfect, thank you very much for the attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
I hope that you are doing well.
Is it possible to transfer a game, PRS-ORG to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I was disappointed because I can't access the web App
It says I don't have a club.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I bought a pack in the store today for .25.000 where it said it gave a loan icon and 5 players 82+, but I received a completely different one from the description
I have never had problems before in regards to that
Brazilian Portuguese: date of purchase do today as15:48
I understand.
Will I receive the correct package?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you indicate your name for me please?
Hello, I was being assisted, but it crashed.
Brazilian Portuguese: PHONENUMBER case ID
Game does not start due to PRS-ORG problems.
I've already followed the instructions of the operator on the uninstall and reinstall of the anticheat and the startup of PRS-ORG as admin, and it didn't solve it
EMAIL
OK, solved the problem.
It worked.
Game was back to working
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I am locked out of my PRS-ORG transfer market
I have been a PRS-ORG customer since PRS-ORG 18.
But I was from the PRS-ORG platform and this year I bought for the PRS-ORG
NAME-N
Of course
thanks!
service interruption?
Brazilian Portuguese: what is it?
Ahh tá
I'll call you back soon.
Thank you very much NAME-M
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Then, I bought a PRS-ORG from the American stores in a promotion that came with PRS-ORG and when the product arrived to me, I activated the code to download the game, did the redemption, but the game didn't appear to be able to download it.
NAME-N appears in PRS-ORG to buy.
I got in contact with the store's support and they asked to speak to you
that
I can't download through the activation code that came to me with the voucher
EMAIL
The code isn't with me, I have to go get it.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F te encaminho
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
good evening
I cannot install the PRS-ORG
I click to install and it does not start the installation process.
Brazilian Portuguese: it closes automatic
correct
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG application does not start, neither the setup to install
I have already tried downloading another setup or restarting the PC, downloading the system updates but so far nothing worked
nothing happens
I click on the PRS-ORG setup it simply doesn't work
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I wanted to resolve a problem with my PRS-ORG draft login
In the Security Check where the words to copy appear
I get it right more often than not
I am having problems logging in
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Hello Manas!
It's me again, I talked to you recently about my old PRS-ORG account being tied to my PRS-ORG account, however the same message insists on appearing even after three hours, is this normal?
I am NAME-M!!
I opened the support ticket with you around 20:30
However, that message still persisted even after you had disconnected the PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG
Okay!
I'll be waiting!
I can try again tomorrow morning!
If it's not resolved, I'll try to contact you again, okay?
Perfect!!
I will take a look at the site you sent me, thank you again so much for helping me out!
I would like to apologize for all the trouble haha, I feel like I'm bothering you!
Thank you very much!!
It was a pleasure to receive your help again with this problem I am having!
I hope by tomorrow morning it is already disconnected from the old PRS-ORG!
whenever I join the game the PRS-ORG world does not appear
just restart the pc and i reinstalled the prs-org app
I already cleaned the PRS-ORG app caches
Portuguese: o The PRS-ORG opens normally
More does not appear the PRS-ORG world
and every time I cleaned the caches of the PRS-ORG app the PRS-ORG appeared to download
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: besides the cloudy weather here,
Brazilian Portuguese: I'm so crazy to be able to play this new package and so far so sad
I just received a number
key to the case
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
My game of The PRS-ORG is not loading...
There is a download error on my “save”
I access the game via PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
Now it's done!
I restarted the game and the game application
Thank you very much for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon NAME-M
How are you?
I made a withdrawal request but I realized that it was denied and I didn't receive the reason why
Could you tell me what the problem was?
Is the code the bank number?
Why did I fill out that item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know.
I will try to make another request
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: Nao
Thank you.
Good afternoon
Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-N
Friend, please
I won a game of WL and my opponent is insulting me on the PRS-ORG chat
I attached a few images, I don't know if you were able to read it
I received xenophobic insults, calling me NAME-N
I received death threat “you will die”
I received insults as vulgar as in the image
His ID is "NAME-N"
The blessed created 3 secondary accounts and is sending me messages there, saying that he will get me banned
Please help me, these actions are not tolerable.
I attached it before starting the live chat
How do I insert this?
I have 4 images
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Do you need the images too?
I have a print of the conversation and all of his messages
Ok
I will do it now
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name?
my name is NAME-M
pleasure.
well I'm trying to log into PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG 18 but it says that my account is currently blocked.
asks that you log in to the console where I played the game but I don’t have access to it anymore.
so you tell me to contact PRS-ORG Help
Certainly
Okay, now it does not appear to me that I am blocked and asks me to choose a security question, which I think the problem is resolved.
yes, I was able to enter.
thank you very much for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I opened several rare mega packs today that showed up as tradable, but they were actually untradable
It was a great hindrance for me (cutting players, time, etc)
I sent you a video in an attachment showing
I would like to know what is going to be done about this.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello good morning
Yesterday I made the purchase of PRS-ORG
I have a question about the content
Are the items that come with the promotion inserted immediately, or only upon launch of the game?
Because it didn’t drop the PRS-ORG points and other intensive
Do you know how to inform us kindly?
By PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: Access has been consolidated
However, the items do not
Ok thanks
Hello, good afternoon, I'm having a problem checking my documentation.
I was asked to check my email and verify my account after I requested a withdrawal in the amount of 200 reais
I have sent all the documents and now they are asking for a copy of credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual
And many have already expired, the payment was not approved.
I've never had any problems with PRS-ORG, but I'm dissatisfied
What do I do?
No, that's all.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Good morning
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
So, I am running the PRS-ORG on a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card and 24GB of ram.
My settings are above the recommended by PRS-ORG to play, but the game is crashing a lot.
Several people are complaining.
I would like to know if PRS-ORG is aware of the problem and if they already have any solutions
I didn’t receive any error.
What is happening is that I'm inside a match, the screen freezes and then the game returns at a very high speed, as if it is in PRS-ORG
Furthermore, PRS-ORG is using about 80% of my video card to run
That's not normal.
It's good.
I'll check it and get back to you
I would just like to report this problem, which many people are experiencing
It is not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use 80% of the video card
Thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day
That's it.
Thank you
Hug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I ask your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Well, I recently bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I started the game and found the error that my game needed internet?
What was strange, if I had internet
but researching, I discovered that I need a key to enter the game
I am unable to create an account.
In the case, I can't create an account inside the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
That's how it is, I've recently been banned in the transfer market on PRS-ORG only on the web app, and now I'm also banned from the market on all platforms for using the trade site
I confess that I used a trade website but it was for a short time
And it was not even to benefit me.
Yes
But I think I was unfairly banned
Why I had removed the site from my account
Why I actually thought it was unfair to use the site
And I think I was banned because recently my account had suspicious activities too
And you ended up changing the password from my account and saving it.
Email is EMAIL
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-F
I would like to ask a question, I have all the PRS-ORG in my pc, if I subscribe to PRS-ORG I will be able to link them in the PRS-ORG?
or do I need to buy them all again?
not progress, but expansions
because the PRS-ORG from pc I spent around 5000 reais in all expansions and extras
it is difficult to spend all of this on the console nowadays.
Brazilian Portuguese: is there just the base game or the expansions as well?
all right, thanks
NAME-M: Yes, that's right, thanks!
Have a nice weekend
I have a PRS-ORG which is showing problems with the screen: half of it has scratches and I can’t read the texts.
I would like to change the screen but I'm in Brazil and we don't have any PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to fix this screen, even if it costs me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandmother's house,
I had already tried it before the pandemic, I think I will continue trying to find something that can do this for me.
Anyway thanks a lot.
For you too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
Unfortunately I'm not well I'm too shattered psychologically
I was threatened and the player also carried out psychological torture with me.
Using bad words for my family
If I got tired at some point, it was because he himself began to threaten and wish me terrible things
Yes.
However, it was abusive that the player told me in the PRS-ORG game chat
The attached photo that I sent was the beginning that he reported
I am deeply shaken and I am already contacting my psychologist because he really did shake me up
I'm feeling really bad I have a daughter
He barely wished me and my daughter well as a father and I love my daughter
I'm feeling totally down not having the strength to get out of bed since he did it
nader
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you give me your name, please?
I am not able
use PRS-ORGpoints
like, there's no way you can open packs with them
Brazilian Portuguese: I found it strange
why do you have youtubers/streamers
Brazilian Portuguese: opening packs with PRS-ORG points
type the URL is opening packs with PRS-ORG points right now
okay
Thank you.
Data for PRS-ORG, Transfer, Boleto... any option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Hello!
My name is NAME-F
I’m having trouble purchasing through the PRS-ORG app
I tried to buy some PRS-ORG packages several times, but I was unsuccessful.
Can you help me?
I am unable to process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill in full name and CPF, but it doesn't generate the order
So I can't pay
The charge is not generated.
So I can't pay.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG user
SUCCESSFUL!
The last attempt resulted in a request being sent to spam.
It worked!
Thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG does not load on a part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please give me your name?
Good day.
Nice to meet you!
Both the version of my system (PRS-ORG) and of the game are up-to-date!
No.
He starts and I play until one
a little over half of episode 8.
However, when trying to start from where I stopped in episode 8 it doesn't load!!
No errors appear!!
The game simply crashes when I try to load from where I left off!
The screen goes dark and the icon indicating the game is being loaded stops rotating!
Then I need to close the application!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, good tart.
Then
Yesterday I made an improvement to the icon mid / prime and it's a bug in the game itself, I thought it was a player choice
but when I saw it it was a normal package
wanted to know if there was a way to return my players because if it weren't for the translation error I wouldn't have made the package
ok
but will there be some sort of refund of the players I've spent?
Brazilian Portuguese: because I spent many players and coins
just one more question about this matter
Brazilian Portuguese: a equipe PRS-ORG entraria em contato pelo jogo
Or some social network?
ok
I am waiting, then
thank you for the support
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you for your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Opa good morning
I am having an issue with transferring on PRS-T1
I try to buy players on the deal because I can get them cheaper.
And then seeing it for a higher price but all through the game without any kind of program
And even like that my transfer window was blocked
I even use PRS-ORG points tbm.
I try to lead the game in the best possible way because I really like the game
That I am no longer able to give the players any orders.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you doing?
I made the dme ej future star
And the 4 options were all tow
Yes
I made the PRS-ORG of the future
Which offers 4 options to choose from
But all of the options came from the weekly selection
I chose the NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: But there should be options for the crack of the future
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
The PRS-ORG game constantly freezes.
I have already reinstalled, I have already seen other options in various forums.
My PC meets the recommended requirements
Brazilian Portuguese: and nevertheless nothing alters this behavior of the game
Right now he's even talking to my dad who's in the IT field
I'll try and then say something
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself with your name?
I made the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG points and did not receive it
Order number: ALPHANUMERICID
Date of request: 12 Mar.
Brazilian Portuguese: from 2022 13:37:00 BRT
I bought it through the PRS-ORG Companiop app.
Companion
You just came in here
I received the PRS-ORG points
Thank you for the help.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG#1 to #7
Brazilian Portuguese: and I just looked over here, I haven't rescued the PRS-ORG #4, but the others yes
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M is my name
I would like help as I have been redeeming PRS-ORG rewards for months, so that when I buy it, I already have some packs
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, there was only 1 in there.
EMAIL
but I received 1, I just don't know which of them it was
I have print if you want, which shows it was rescued, but it's not in the gaming
By PRS-ORG/PC
when i salvaged it, it wasn't playing since I bought the game yesterday
just bought to have some packs
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please provide me with your name?
So on 31/05 I bought PRS-ORG coins and didn't receive them, I requested a refund for the PRS-ORG and everything was ok on 02/06. I tried to buy again and didn't receive my items and couldn't get a refund, I tried to speak to the PRS-ORG support and it was denied, I tried to speak to the PRS-ORG support and they closed my case and considered it concluded (nothing was resolved), I tried again to speak to the PRS-ORG support and they forwarded me to an advanced team and nothing was done, now I am trying again to speak to PRS-ORG to solve this I have been since 02 without my item and without my money
Please answer me
Is it not enough that the company offers no support whatsoever?
Yes I have had the problem since the beginning of the month
I entered already
And AGR?
my goodness
that takes a long time
I already did this fuck you
Fuck this shitty company tamejm
I hope you fuck off
Brazilian Portuguese: Caralho's garbage company
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello
Hello.
good afternoon
sorry for the delay
I am experiencing packet loss, only in the PRS-ORG
in no other game
okay
And how do I resolve this?
:(
You've decided already.
thank you very much &lt;3
Only that, thank you very much my friend
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
My bought PRS-ORGs points did not drop
I made the payment and it was deducted.
Brazilian Portuguese: Even more, he didn't fall into the game
So?
Today
I'm seeing it.
I ordered the pass
Not
I always buy the game directly from the store
Brazilian Portuguese: And always falls at the same time
It's not possible to wait 24hrs because the pass will expire.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I know your name, please?
I am having a problem with the PRS-T2 application
It’s been months since the application is offline and does not show the list of friends
And because of this I can’t play with my friends online
I've tried a few firewall steps
I watched several videos about the error.
but none worked for me
I will try.
I will need to restart my pc to complete the steps
If it works, thank you
Fine.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Why can’t you create teams at the same level as mine?
It seems like I only play with pro players
It is demotivating that
It happens straight away, it seems intentional
Yes please
I'm not able to play
I play every day, I am a faithful player.
But for it to happen directly, that’s not normal.
Opponents with bugged game, using game glitches
They take 2 to 3 touches on the ball and score the goal
Players at a high level, and I'm not
No thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I know your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having a problem with PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the wheel
what if I remove the assist while driving and can't turn the car with the wheel
Brazilian Portuguese: he just continues forward even if he turns to one of the sides
Brazilian Portuguese: already with the command the car turns beautifully
I don’t know if it can be making confusion because of having the two devices turned on (command and steering wheel)
yes
be quick
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
Hello.
NAME-M
I am having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In PRS-ORG I was playing in PRS-ORG and agr I'm in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account with the PRS-ORG and logged into my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID web app I started the game thinking I was with my PRS-ORG account and continued playing, doing dme, opening packs and earning coins.
But with the release of the ALPHANUMERICID preview on PRS-ORG I realized I was playing on PRS-ORG and no longer have access to that console.
wanted some help with that
ent all my progress in these days I am not having access to
PRS-ORG for PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
I used to play on PRS-ORG and agr I am in the PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account with the PRS-ORG and log on my PRS-ORG account, however with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID web app I started the game thinking that I would be using my PRS-ORG account and I continued to play, making purchases, opening packs and earning coins.
However, with the launch of ALPHANUMERICID in PRS-ORG preview, when I logged in PRS-ORG, I realised that I was playing on PRS-ORG and I don't have access to that console anymore.
I wanted help on that
ent all of my progress these days i am not having access
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Prefers in Portuguese or English
I acquired the PRS-ORG pro.
It is the 3rd consecutive year that I play PRS-ORG.
The game doesn’t start.
It looks like there is some issue with the PRS-ORG anti-cheat
I have already installed the game again 3 times, I have run it as an administrator
Nothing seems to solve it.
Thank you.
I have tried to do the manual anti cheat installation and the installation failed
Brazilian Portuguese: Ok so I'll wait
Thank you for your time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good evening!
I was making a purchase from PRS-ORG via PRS-ORG and the game was coming out for R$303 in the ultimate version
however I was trying to buy and it was not going and it came a time that it started giving an error saying that there were many attempts of purchase
so I tried it now because he asked to wait a while to buy it again
and the price went up to 341
I would even buy it at this price, but I have 305 reais adding up what I have in the PIX and the rest in the PRS-ORG wallet
umm, I see... so you couldn't help me out in this case?
Brazilian Portuguese: then
that's right
I tried to buy in several ways and it kept giving an error
I waited the time ai
Brazilian Portuguese: and the price was no longer there.
was 40 reais more expensive.
now i don't have the money to make the purchase
I signed up to your program for 20 reais and I've been playing since 20 hours
but it is ending
now i can't buy it because the price went up kkk
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
good evening, NAME-M!
I bought PRS-ORG on the 25/09 from PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I went to play, I had a problem with PRS-ORG.
I managed to fix the problem, but I have been trying to open the PRS-ORG for almost 24 hours, but it opens in a small black window and then closes.
How can you help me?
Do you know if there is anything I can do?
Do you have any forecast of when it will be ready?
I understand.
thank you for the PRS-ORG service.
I will be waiting for an update in the game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you please introduce yourself?
Hello NAME-N, how are you?
I am NAME-M.
Exactly, I was playing normally yesterday!
During a game the game froze and the match was terminated... Since then I have not been able to find opponents again.
I talked to some of my colleagues and they said they were finding opponents with no problem
Ok, thank you very much!!!
No opponent was found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears
Oh yes, thank you very much!!!
It helped a lot I just accomplished the requested
I'll try to find an opponent
The same error appeared
No problem, if there is anything else I can do
Thank you for your willingness.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
Was trying to solve the problem PHONENUMBER
I just talked with NAME-M and even if I cleaned the cache of PRS-ORG, checked the internet and restarted the computer, the problem persists
When trying to login to PRS-ORG the following message appears:
Sorry, there was an error connecting to the PRS-TRA.
You will be redirected to the PRS-ORG main menu.
Just the one I quoted above
And when I am able to enter the game, this message appears when I am trying to change my team:
There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
ai I wanted to link in order to claim the benefits of PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I had a PRS-ORG bound account in the past.
Brazilian Portuguese: however recently I've got another
Brazilian Portuguese: however I can't link it
Brazilian Portuguese: because it says that there is already an associated
only that I unlinked it more than 6 months ago which is the stipulated term
EMAIL
OK, I THINK I’M BOUND NOW
however as I had already rescued
How do I rescue it again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
Please, could you help me out?
I have an account that I have been using for more than 5 years and have many points and XP.
My girlfriend created this account to give me a gift of the PRS-ORG edition.
I would like to know if it is possible to unify both accounts.
But is it not possible to unify both accounts?
Why would I use just one?
I have this account that I always use
And that account was created yesterday
It would be enough to just unify the account.
If the PRS-ORG goes to my account everything is fine
Everything is ok.
The progress of the PRS-ORG that you are referring to, right?
I do not care.
It's OK to start a new game.
I see.
I appreciate it anyway.
Have a good day
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
First, could you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Equally.
I rent a server on the PRS-ORG PRS-ORG for 29,50 each week, today I was extending the rent and on the "request and pay" screen it stayed on the "loading" screen and the game froze, not the PRS-ORG.
The fee was debited from my account, but the service was not renewed.
The rental of the server was not there, it has already expired, could you please help me?
EMAIL
Thank you I'm waiting
Hi sorry, I already talked to PRS-ORG and they told me to talk to you, besides that I’m seeing that there are online servers
Paid*
Some paid servers are online yes
The PRS-ORG does not want to take any responsibility because it says that you received the purchase value and confirmed the same
Remembering that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
Good morning, once again I come to ask you to validate my account.
The turnaround time offered by you is already experienced within 2 days, and I politely still wait for you.
However, I have money to withdraw and I’m unable to play the games, I would like some attention and quickness in resolving this situation.
Best regards,
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I hope this helps, because lately I have not had that from you, unfortunately.
I hope you are different!
Thank you NAME-M.
However the deadline has already expired and I would like your attention!
Everything was sent correctly and duly.
I understand the security rules and agree to them, but I'm being hurt by this.
Thank you, but I already received these messages from you this week.
I am still waiting.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi good evening, how are you?
I’m trying to open the PRS-T1 game but it doesn’t start on my computer and gives me an error:
Double-check your connection, try again later
but it is connected
and my pc meets all the minimum requirements
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: is test version linked to the pc's PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, I am well.
Thanks, I have the PRS-ORG which gives me access to the PRS-ORG library.
Right?
I play through PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how to play the PRS-ORG since I can’t find it on the PRS-ORG catalog.
I access PRS-ORG games via the PRS-ORG website.
But I don't find the ALPHANUMERICID
A friend of mine said that I can play the PRS-ORG because I have the PRS-ORG.
But, is this only for those who have the console or can I play through the PRS-ORG, through the browser (PRS-ORG)?
I'll try to simplify: I am a PRS-ORG subscriber.
Do I need to buy a PRS-ORG console to be able to play PRS-ORG games?
Or can I play via PRS-ORG using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, may I know your name please?
Oii NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I am speaking with PRS-ORG
He asked me to attach an image to the case, but I think I ended up opening a new one
Hey, well, the problem is already being seen
I think if I get on another plane, it's going to cause confusion.
I will finish the chat here
For the moment no, valeuuu
Brazilian Portuguese: the conquest PRS-ORG n libera
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG win does not release
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
For the love of god release my achievement, I am playing 91 hours and the game is bugged
I'll cry, sir.
even though I do the requirements
to with 91 hours of play.
brazilian portuguese: help me please
kkkk
hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please indicate your name?
I would like to know if in the new update of PRS-T3, the problem of running in safe mode only was solved.
in the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: not
was
to solve it, I had to install the PRS-ORG again
but I want to go back to PRS-ORG and for this I need to know if the problem has been solved with the new update
but was it the right security mode problem?
I'm talking because I'm going to have to format the PC, I need you to confirm this
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
wagner
I have spent a resource on the PRS-ORG but I cannot use it
I spent 20 star moments.
in a token
Brazilian Portuguese: but I can't switch
and the game does not inform about anything
wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, could you tell me your name please?
Hi, I am the NAME-M
Thank you!
I'm having difficulties playing The PRS-ORG
I have the 64-bit Metal version for MacOS
The game works great on the computer, even with the graphics on maximum definition.
However, the game suddenly ends
Without error or something of the sort
Simply closes
Look, these really are all the details.
The game during execution only closes, without presenting anything after this.
The game works well.
It really closes only during the game.
Sometimes it closes 10 minutes after playing, sometimes 1 hour later.
There is no rule
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
Just that today
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I am having problems starting the game
The screen normally opens, and when I select the profile the screen goes black and closes
I can login yes
I meant the profile inside the game.
EMAIL
I will try this method.
If it goes wrong I will be back here!
But for now, thank you very much
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may I please know your name?
Hello, NAME-M
I am having problems connecting to the servers.
I am connected to PRS-ORG servers.
It is asking to reset the password and I already did that
And it does not accept to connect.
Not.
The problem is in the connection with the PRS-ORG in the game of the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I'm doing well, how about you?
The pleasure is mine.
So, my the PRS-ORG updated normally on the 14th if I'm not mistaken, when they released the baby carries in the game.
The items for these show up there, but in CAS, that stage doesn't count.
Babies, children, etc. normally appear.
That, the stage of life itself does not appear.
I tried to reinstall the game but still the stage in PRS-ORG doesn't exist.
As shown in the picture attached.
I understood!
Thank you for the clarification!
It was just that, thank you!
Have a nice afternoon
Thank you, take care NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
can you see my previous conversations with other PRS-ORG advisors?
it helped a lot...
sure
NAME-F I tried one where I had to install PRS-ORG
another one was cleaning the cache
another was to either choose or deselect to run in admin mode
the other had to do with background applications
NAME-F I have this problem for 3/4 days
hello?
You are going to go in the a**hole, I lost because of this piece of sh*t server, you should be ashamed, greedy company, buy a better server, f*cking b*tches
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name, please?
I lost match because of the rubbish server, it took a long time to execute the commands
Brazilian Portuguese: daughter of a bitch
If you can't bear to see a curse word, you're in the wrong field
Brazilian Portuguese: and I'm gonna take it in the ass
It's going to melt
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot?
I acquired PRS-ORG today and when I tried to play, it forced me to connect an account, create or only log into an existing one
the issue is that I can not connect or create
Brazilian Portuguese: and I would like to play mto
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M Yes, good to know that you're human
Nice to meet you, NAME-M!!!
That
I can’t connect the online
even though the game is ancient, is it possible?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I made the 90+ icon dme those days ago, I went to open it on the console and it wasn’t there
Brazilian Portuguese: possibly only shows up in the companion app
I have already restarted the console and everything is fine
I went to check now and it appeared again
it wasn't even restarting, it just appeared out of nowhere now, I had already made a case about it
NAME-M I think they solved it
NAME-M, thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I need to know if there is already a way to correct this for the PRS-ORG mode.
It simply stopped working for friendly games.
It gives an error, when you try to play a friendly, saying the opponent has left the match.
This has been happening since May 12th
URL
In this link you can see the error.
Detail, this is on a world level (since this video is not Brazilian), but it's exactly the same mistake.
And it's happening across all platforms.
In summary, yes.
The PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, that's it.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I'm good and you?
That, I still can't do.
However, I understood that I have to wait
I would like to know if in the meantime, you cannot help me open on Webapp
Brazilian Portuguese: to at least have something to do
Oh yes
My doubt is
I can only access the Webapp after I have opened the game at least 1 time.
how the game is not opening because of an Anti Cheat error
how can I enable it so that I can open the webapp before the game corrects this issue?
no, thanks.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
I have an account on PRS-ORG and I am not able to login
That's right.
It says the following: "Your credentials are incorrect or expired.
Please try again or reset your password."
When I click on reset password, it says the following: "We could not find your PRS-ORG account."
But I am trying to log in by the program from PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, could you please tell me your name?
I bought a Star pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points yesterday, but it hasn't been released yet, but my PRS-ORG points were credited
I want to know what you will do about it.
Why can't I be defrauded in this way?
But I do not want a refund of the PRS-ORG points
I just want the season pass unlocked
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am having a problem with the draft for a player, I played two games and then I could not start the third.
The following error appears: There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Please try again later.
I would like you to restart my manual draft if possible.
I have been with this error for 3 days
Is it possible to restart my draft manually?
I think it is the only way to solve my problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
good night friend
I've been out of the game since early on
Brazilian Portuguese: whenever a match ends, you make a mistake
I have called the support 2x here and they have not resolved my problem
PRS-ORG servers cannot process the request at this time.
from this error here
whenever a match ends it is like I was paid off from the match and I lose 3x0
wanted to play
kkk
more blz
You guys have to take this business of soft ban away there in the token exchange event since the match ends with whoever scores the first goal
Brazilian Portuguese: era so isso mesmo
thank you
send some tokens there for the inconvenience
of that force haha
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I'm having problems, I got in touch earlier today to try and sort it out, they gave me some options and I couldn't resolve it
and the situation got worse.
I need help.
I can't play PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: 23
Brazilian Portuguese: cf
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: the first error
Brazilian Portuguese: is the app of PRS-ORG
the application could not connect to the servers
NAME-M the PRS-ORG usually
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG is able to connect to the servers
but when i try to play a match on any PRS-ORG mode it disconnects and comes out of the mode
Will NAME-M be open?
I have chat on PC that I play
Good evening,
I purchased a book in the PRS-ORG store and after starting to read it, I noticed that the book is in PT-BR and not PT-PT, which is the one I intended.
Unfortunately, your store doesn’t distinguish, but in the reading it makes a big difference.
The book was “Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice” by NAME-F &amp; NAME-F and I want the refund or exchange of the book for Portuguese of Portugal.
I'll wait for contact from you.
Sincerely,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
In the meantime, is there any option to check if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
Here is the suggestion for your improvement!
Thank you for your help.
Good morning
Hello
I have a doubt about rollover.
What appears in the withdrawal tab and what I was told in my email is the casino rollover.
However I picked up the sports promotion and have only bet on sports up until now
Can you see that?
Ah, okay.
I'm asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
If I actually beat the rollover, can I already do it?
Thank you so much
I keep waiting for the email
Just that
Good day
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I know your name please?
NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and I didn't receive the PRS-ORG points
To sync your PRS-ORG with your PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and there was nothing there
Minute
In the other versions it came before
Brazilian Portuguese: Forgiveness
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Thawan
Nice to meet you.
I don’t know if I’m in the correct channel but I have a question.
I've been playing PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today they launched the futweb app.
When trying to log in to futweb it says that my account does not have a team in PRS-ORG, but how can I have played PRS-ORG if my account does not have a team?
Why am I not able to access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know this
Now everything gets better explained
It is just that, NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the information and help.
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name, please?
I am not able to log into my PRS-T1 account even after I reset the password
EMAIL
I got it, now what?
And now?
Brazilian Portuguese: **
The code is 535067
okay.
Reset Password
okay, I'll do it right now
It gave the same error
Now it was
With the correct username
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I am having problems playing my game on my PC and I haven’t been able to solve it for almost a week.
I would like a refund if I can't play
I bought the game and when I start it says that my pc has some cheat.
Considering that my PC is new
I don't use that kind of thing.
I want a solution or my money back.
Correct
I purchased more but I can't start my game
Give me an error 117
I would like to know if I will be able to play, if not then resolve and better the refund.
For I paid a dear price in the game
But I do not have even the game cache because I bought it and I can not start it
I have already tried this procedure.
How can I make this not happen?
Why I have already tried it in various ways
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I can not access my companion app because it asks for verification with the email and the email does not come to my inbox
I already looked at the spam box and nothing
I have asked several times to have it sent back and it never arrives.
The app verification option is also not working
Even in the PRS-ORG account itself, I can't access the website
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Good afternoon.
I went into my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends, but the game is not available to play.
It shows like I have to buy again
But I already bought it, in 2015
The value of R$199,00 appears
It's right.
Is there nothing I can do but wait?
NAME-M, thank you for the help.
I’ll try to start from the.exe file and wait for the problem to be resolved.
There wasn't any other, it was just this one.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Hello NAME-M good evening.
Are you okay?
My name is NAME-M
No problem.
The pleasure is all mine.
So, a few years ago, I received the SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition as a gift, on CD.
The edition with the 2 CDs, I am currently trying to install the same in my new Notebook but I can't because it's not compatible with the PRS-ORG, via the CD it won't start.
I tried to add to my PRS-ORG Games library but the code is invalid
I would like to recover it to at least be able to install it through PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, since it is no longer compatible via CD
Yes, I still have the 2 original discs and the license code of the same.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
I am unable to buy anything on the transfer market via the Web App
The following message appears:
An error occurred while attempting to complete your search.
Please try again in a few seconds.
No, only when trying to buy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may I please know your name?
hello
i am having a problem with PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the game opens the PRS-ORG, opens the launcher of the PRS-ORG
I click play
Brazilian Portuguese: and nothing happens
literally nothing
I've already contacted them previously and they've told me to follow a few steps.
I did everything, but got the same result
EMAIL
Thank you
Before that, there was a dll error with the code ALPHANUMERICID
I downloaded the dll I needed and put it in place
Brazilian Portuguese: since then there was no error
however the game also never starts
if you do not solve it, I will contact you again, thank you in advance.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My goals of promotion PRS-ORG have not updated in the Game
That's making it hard for me to complete the entire track and get the rewards
The promotion had its letters updated yesterday.
The objects did not go out yesterday.
Some friends had their goals released today at 11:30 Horario Br
And my didn't update
This prevents me from completing the track.
Okay.
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERICID
This is happening
Why do I not have available targets?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please introduce yourself with your name?
Hello!
My name is NAME-M, good night
I need help please
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG game on PRS-ORG.
I can't stay on LINE no matter what.
The qr code appears asking to reset the PRS-ORG account password, even doing so, it is not working.
Of course.
EMAIL
I would like to report that I am unable to download any game from PRS-ORG.
It pauses automatically and gives an error
No.
Through the PRS-ORG app and through PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
It pauses the download and takes a while to get back
I'd like to know what I should do to fix this problem.
I want to play PRS-ORG games on my computer
I’ve already done the procedure and it hasn’t worked
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you give me your name please?
Good afternoon,
My name is NAME-F
Thank you :)
So, I have 3 dlc cds to the PRS-ORG and the base game, it is quite old and was bought in the USA.
When I tried to install it a few months ago, it didn't work and said that it needed an update, but I never found that update when I searched online.
I thought of looking for the game to buy online somewhere, but I noticed that PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore, is there a way to get it somehow?
In this computer that I'm on now, I don't have a CD reader so I can't start the installation to show print of what happens :(
But if need be, I can send a photo of the CDs
Oh, but it's such a sought after game still, how sad :(
Alright, thank you for the answer
Have a good night:)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My game does not open
I followed the step by step guide the guy sent me
But n doesn't work
Do you want to access my PC by team viewer?
I can't take it anymore, I've already tried everything
Almost asking for a refund, but wanted to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
It opens everything in black and closes it
But my PRS-ORG does not freeze
Only the game that does not open
Do you want to access it through team viewer?
It could be something that is missing in the pc or it does not let it open
But I’ve already done several things and it doesn’t work
Hello.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
I am not able to buy the PRS-ORG
it is giving an error
I am not able to purchase the PRS-ORG
Unable to process your action
We were unable to process your request at this time due to a problem with your specified payment method.
Please use a different payment method to complete your order, or try again later.
hello
I can only pay by pix
I accessed*
Good afternoon, is the platform unstable?
I am trying to use it and it does not open any casino games, it stays black, I accessed another platform and it worked normally.
I am trying to use the platform and not opening any game
I have already cleaned data and cash and nothing
I restarted my phone and it does not run
I’ve never had a problem operating the amulet
Do you know of any instability in your system?
Only that.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, now very bad, I made the pre-purchase of PRS-ORG, and only saw now that it was in my wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought on EMAIL
the one that I used on PRS-ORG and on PRS-ORG was on EMAIL
I was already even using the web app
I was using in PRS-ORG, but this time I bought directly from PRS-ORG
that was associated with the PRS-ORG account.
I am really sad
Brazilian Portuguese: that's why he didn't appear
I've been using (EMAIL) as my primary account since 2020
I am already using the web app PRS-ORG in it and everything
What about the refund, how does it work on the card?
You can cancel then.
I do not know if I will have a playtime limit after the refund
very sad
only*
Just that thanks.
Good afternoon.
Brazilian Portuguese: Saque
My dear, this is a lack of respect to the customer, I requested a 1000 reais withdrawal first than the 200 reais, the 200 reais fell first than the 1000
I have been talking since the morning about this and the feature still won't drop.
Since this morning, so I'm going to stop playing here, PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay right away.
Sad
I like the website and the platform but, every time we win it's an endless delay of time.
Pix today is something that’s way too fast.
I've been on hold since this morning trying to resolve this issue.
Waiting to enter this resource that belongs to me, I lost sleep and invested my money
It is in English friend
My God
I don’t believe it.
That's why I'm stopping.
I'm gonna receive and I'm gonna talk to the staff on the channel about it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help to repay a repeat purchase I made, it's already gone through my card...
Could you help me?
Yes!
My email is EMAIL
Just one minute that I'm going to get the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I am not mistaken.
Check number: 635822
I made two purchases and I would like to cancel only one, if possible... because the game is already being downloaded.
Thank you very much!
That was what I wanted to solve.
Thanks in advance!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and have been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a campaign at 41% completed, but my wife started playing another game and so I decided to install the same game using the same account on my PC, but my save didn’t appear, even though the user is exactly the same.
What am I doing wrong?
So even though I am using the same account, I can't take advantage of the save?
Do I have to start completely from zero?
But we do not save to the cloud?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope that this develops, because it would be very useful for us players.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I am writing a text with my case
So I've been playing PRS-ORG for a few years but I've never played online, I bought PRS-ORG with PRS-ORG and I decided to play PRS-ORG, these days I was trying to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and I noticed that I didn't have access and I wasn't even aware of the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
I have access to the email and the password of my PRS-ORG account.
The account I'm talking about is this one, I was able to access it with PRS-ORG
However I'm afraid of losing it because I don't know the email of the PRS-ORG account.
And that is why I also can not link the account to the PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I updated the app on my PRS-ORG but I can't access my PRS-ORG account.
Could you help me please?
EMAIL
I used the PRS-ORG reads from livraria cultura
well..i will try again but it gives invalid password
Brazilian Portuguese: Now it seems that it was.
thank you very much
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I have your name please?
good night
my name is NAME-M
I have the Bf 2042 ultimate version, my reward of the 3.3 update is not in the game
more or less
My reward has disappeared
Brazilian Portuguese: no
Brazilian Portuguese: It’s the reward for Update 3.3
March's
Brazilian Portuguese: March 8th to be exact
thank you, girl
Do you have any forecasts?
no.
Brazilian Portuguese: have a good night for you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I have a question I played on PRS-ORG but now I am considering buying the game for PC
my question is
Brazilian Portuguese: and on the 23
because I would like to know if I am obligated to xbuy the 23 for the PRS-ORG or if I have to buy it for the pc
I keep my PRS-ORG stuff
okey thank you
I am waiting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Can I play using my PRS-ORG PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG?
It's not that.
I want to use the PRS-ORG account that I have with PRS-ORG
On another device via PRS-ORG
ok but please answer the previous question
okay dumb clown
sorry
I was wrong.
I don't need anything else, thank you.
Good afternoon.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you give me your name please?
Hello, I just contacted them.
So I went to PRS-ORG and they told me to come back again.
NAME-M
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: if you want I'll repeat the messages
Hello, I just contacted you.
I then went to PRS-ORG and they told me to go back again.
I just want to make the request that I made, which was cancelled without even trying to charge my nubank card
I'm just trying here because for some reason, right after I tried to buy again, the charge from the store went from 149 to 166 reals... right away!
I want to keep the price and pay it, either by pix, by card, as you prefer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-F
Is everything alphanumeric?
I am performing the update of the new PRS-ORG on my PC
However, she concludes, it appears that the update has finished and then appears to update again
Before starting the chat, I attached 03 prints of my screen, I don't know if you can view them
That's right.
Even after completing, he asks again and does not open the game.
I have already uninstalled and installed the game again, however, with no success.
OK, thank you for your help.
How do I do this cleaning?
I'm already doing it, one minute.
It worked!!!
Thank you so much!!
I didn't know how to clear the cache on the app.
:NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please state your name?
I want a phone number to call and speak to someone
There's no explanation for what they did in my account.
Match after match to play against the handicap
and the nasty scrip of the PRS-ORG
This is unacceptable, completely unacceptable.
that number is in operation,
It says it's not available.
They had already given me that number and it never worked
Can you fix it?
the thing is that it is absurd
It is disgusting to play this game right now like this, it’s just impossible
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yeah, look.
I have reached the limit for creating clubs in the PRS-ORG and I would like to know if you can give me more attempts to delete my club.
I spoke with an advisor before.
My account that I use to play is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much.
That was the problem.
Thank you very much
I bought Alicerce do Paraíso books, downloaded the application, opened the book on Sunday, I entered the application this morning but it would not open the content of the books, I updated the application and now it reports that my email was not located.
I request the immediate regularization or the return of my payment.
Please let me know by email.
EMAIL
Purchase 07.03 and 4 books Alicerce do Paraiso
Thank you NAME-M, for you too.
I was talking to NAME-M and fell down
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I am from PRS-ORG and cannot log into PRS-ORG
Every time at this same time, the servers for the PRS-ORG go offline
End of PRS-ORG and the servers can not support the users, you must urgently put another server in Brazil
I am not able to enter the PRS-ORG
It is reported that the server has a large volume of people
Lamentable
As a consumer, I am frustrated and hesitant to play PRS-ORG
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello, it's me that I was in a conversation now with one of the attendants, and I ended up losing contact
My name is NAME-M
I would like to request a refund of the PRS-ORG expansion.
My e-mail is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it because I needed the money to pay for other things
Hello?
Yes
I do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
My expansions that I bought are not working
Some unlocked items are gone
EMAIL
Target detector
Weapon unlocked.
Really disappointing
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Do you not have them?
The purchases made by the user?
Will I have to prove that I purchased it?
If I have played before
What images do I send
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
the ALPHANUMERICID save game is not working
I did everything you told me to do yesterday and still the error persists.
every time I open the game it's like it's the first time
Yes, but it also loses the control configuration
The club's choice
everything
Brazilian Portuguese: including progress
and it stopped at the end of December, working to fix this problem but without success
I formatted the PC and installed it from scratch and it didn't solve the problem
I checked in the forums and it seems to be a problem affecting many people.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password
EMAIL
I see how long you can put it off.
Can I know if your parents are dead?
His mother is a cunt and gave birth to something like you
Brazilian Portuguese: you should go to ukraine to catch the russian bomb, fuck your mom
fala vadia
I asked if your mother was dead and how she gave birth to something like you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you give me your name please?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account, the site gives an error and I can't.
Brazilian Portuguese: how to solve this
Yes, every time I try the site I get an error and I can't access it
I press the button to connect with PRS-ORG account, and when I'm redirected to the website, it says there was an error and they were not able to complete my request
still there
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
that is the gamertag of the account I want to access
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good day
I have problems.
I bought Aston Martin Package (PRS-ORG)
and the product doesn’t show up for use on the app
in the game
Brazilian Portuguese: September 15, 2022
when I enter the package as if I was acquiring it again it shows that this package is already yours
Portuguese: more I can't use it
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
I'll try these tips.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, how are you?
I would like help with the PRS-ORG dme
I started to do the dme but it asks for cards that are out of packs and extinct on the market
I've done 13 parts of the dme and now can't do the rest
I don't think it's fair to the players to keep a dme so expensive that it is impossible to make
I would like to receive the players back or receive the missing ones, in the case capitaes of the PRS-ORG
Challenge of assembling casts
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hi!
my name is NAME-M
The pleasure is all mine!
So, my problem is that I am not able to buy my PRS-ORG points
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the wallet from PRS-ORG
but i press to buy in the game and the purchase just won't happen
my money doesn't leave PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG points don't show up
How did we manage to solve this?
No error message appears, it just asks me to wait and nothing else happens
just back to the shop with no PRS-ORG points and with the money in the PRS-ORG wallet still
ok, thank you very much!
I will try and if it does not work I will come back here again.
No, just that!
Thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my PRS-ORG mobile account
Would it be possible to reverse
It's kind of sad
Is it yours?
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Good morning
My name is NAME-M
I am having problems starting the PRS-ORG
my problem is that when I start the PRS-ORG, my screen freezes and I can't do anything else
I have to restart the PC
I try again and it's the same, I uninstalled the game and reinstalled it and nothing...
When I try to enter the PRS-ORG App and start the game, my computer freezes
and I need to restart the pc by the button
No errors appear to me
Brazilian Portuguese: only my screen freezes
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
They hacked my account and sold my players and coins
I just want my pf coins
I changed the password, I activated the two-step verification, I just want the coins
Someone else has already helped me change my password and turn on 2-step verification
I just want the coins
I just want my coins/money back
EMAIL
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may you please indicate your name?
I can't play my solo draft.
I make mistakes all the time.
What's going on?
Several complaints from other users
NAME-M
EMAIL
Yes
my name is NAME-M
So I play PRS-ORG on my PC and here the game does not open anymore
Brazilian Portuguese: dps of the update this morning
Brazilian Portuguese: the game stopped opening
It doesn't work at all.
I am being harmed in the event of the totys, the PRS-ORG needs to take action regarding this
The game will not open, I have been trying to get in the game since 13:00
Until the middle of the night everything was fine, working normally
So the fact that I can’t get into the game to play, farm the packs, etc. this is hurting me in the event
and I am not the only one going through this, many people who play on the PC are going through the same situation
Yes, before this anti-cheat problem I solved it by simply reinstalling the anti-cheat
but as of today, it's no longer being resolved
I tried everything, and the game won't open
Brazilian Portuguese: It always shows the same error
everything is ok, thank you very much
Good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you please give me your name?
I'd like to report an error.
Yesterday evening I was playing PRS-ORG and I joined a PRS-ORG draft game
I won the game and it didn't count as a win
I would like to know if there is some kind of compensation/refund that is possible to do
Okay, thank you.
After that I played another match which I lost
And it did not count as a defeat
So, I think that tejha really has a bug
How so?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
I am obliged, I have a code for a discount in the game.
that I won when I answered a survey
but I can't redeem this code
that gave me a R$29.00 discount
this research was done within the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and the search appeared
I answered it all and at the end I won this code
Brazilian Portuguese: when I was about to finish the purchase it showed an error and I was not able to finish
so I cannot use the code
That's the code I won ALPHANUMERICID
that is the order number that gave the error PHONENUMBER
I was given this code last week.
I made the order that gave an error on the 19th January
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M
My name is*
So, today I was doing the dme pp from dme icon on the PRS-ORG and I ended up picking a wrong card by accident.
I was wondering if you would be able to help me out.
Veio um blanc '89, kaka '89, he was supposed to have gotten the kaka and I ended up getting the blanc
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG player pick de icon
Correct
Geez… all right.
Brazilian Portuguese: Not only that msm
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
opa
Brazilian Portuguese: good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm having trouble connecting with my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG app on my PC, and when I finally get in, it doesn't load my games, I can't open the PRS-ORG
thank you, hope you're doing great too !
Yes, I can't connect
ok ok, thank you very much and good job!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
My name is Nasty Indian
I can't stand this game any longer
Where are you?
Answer me, you bastard
How can you be so incompetent that you can't type a fucking message from a script in under 5 minutes?
Is basic education in India so bad?
You're gonna take a bath in the damn Ganges
Casino
Any response please
I lost my real money I'm playing with bonus but only let me bet up to 25
Good afternoon the betting limit is up to 25 with the bonus and it cannot increase.
Look at the msg I sent you
I've been playing with bonuses and you let me bet up to 25
Why is this
And how much do I need to bet to be able to withdraw?
Okay.
Some response
You don't solve anything.
How much is left, I'll bet p
Release my withdrawal
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Availability of the PRS-ORG
Don't let the game go down by making it unavailable for purchase.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG platform
In PRS-ORG plus
I'm trying to buy the game
You're saying I don't have an account at PRS-ORG although I do
It's giving unavailable
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Devender, I started the match earlier, the match crashed and after that I can't enter utimate team anymore
It seems that there was an error and you will be back to the main menu
Image is in the attached file
Save me, please. kkkk
Wow, it's possible to fix?
That's nice!!
Do you think I’ll be able to play again today?
Is there a forecast?
To go back
It would be just that
Well then, lovely
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
opa
my granddaughter was stuck
Brazilian Portuguese: when I go to manage my account it asks for an email, when I go to see that email, it doesn't exist, I never put an email that starts with e
Brazilian Portuguese: so I am not able to confirm the email and modify my account
It's more or less like that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
I had already opened a call about the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the non-delivery of the material.
I made the prints you asked for and I would like to know where to send them?
I have already attached TB to this e-mail...
I bought in the shopping inside the PRS-ORG
As the image above shows, the debit on my PRS-ORG account
When it comes to selling the game it is easy to solve...
The time to solve your problems...
It’s one playing for the other.
How can I get in contact?
How to get in touch with the PRS-ORG mailing list
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
Good day, NAME-N
I am at 5 days without access to the game PRS-ORG
NAME-N stays on the screen (connecting to the service)
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: codigo ALPHANUMERICID
error connecting to the server
which
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F is an internet technician and everything is normal here
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG I uninstalled and installed NAME-F again on the PC and it did not work
I have tried this step by step with NAME-F
if it's necessary you can delete my progress in the game saved to start over
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening my name is NAME-M
I am well, yes
Look, I have a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an email that I no longer access
I can login to the PRS-ORG website with that account.
But I would like to have an account at the companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, how about you?
Thank you.
So my contact is because of a difficulty that I have.
I have two consoles sharing the same PRS-ORG account, but I would like to detach one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console
PRS-ORG
After I dissociate the PRS-ORG account on this console, can I create a new account for it?
My gamertag on PRS-ORG is NAME-N
So you no longer have any ties with the PRS-ORG?
Thank you NAME-M, you helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening, NAME-M
I'm not able to go online on my PRS-ORG 18 in PRS-ORG
The following message appears: “We are sorry, but at this moment the PRS-ORG servers are down.
We are trying to solve this problem.
Try again later.”
this has been going on for many days
I mean, months.
It is impossible to believe this
It's been months now
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
thank you, I am okay yes, I linked my facebook account and did not receive the token in the game
and it's only 2 hours until the token is taken
actually it was on youtube
I wrote wrong
I linked it through youtube and didn’t get the token
EMAIL
the account for the game is the same as the youtube account
okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and I still can't play
After the opening screen, where it says "press any button" I press and it freezes
freezes and doesn't come off
I keep trying to fix the game and try again but it won't work
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I ask for your name, please?
Good night, NAME-N
NAME-M, my name
I did the DME of icon choice on January 25th, but I received a single icon pack
In the PRS-ORG I saw that some are already receiving the correct package and I would like information
My email is EMAIL
Can you confirm?
What will they receive?
What's Player Pic?
What page of PRS-ORG can I follow?
There is nothing there on the page.
Just a lot of complaints for the same reason.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I’m fine thanks to God and with you, NAME-N?
My game does not start, and an error message appears
I have already uninstalled and installed 2 times
Brazilian Portuguese: And it continues to persist.
Unknown error, an unexpected error occurred.
Try again
This message appears on the login screen
Ok
All right.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning
I'd like to try to recover an old PRS-ORG account
of which I no longer have access to the e-mail
I had the following email: EMAIL
However, some time ago I changed that domain to EMAIL
And everything that was linked to it started not to arrive in the new domain.
One replaced the other
The registered e-mail address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I'm having a problem to get into the game.
I can even connect to the PRS-ORG site but I cannot log in to the game
It says my email is invalid
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing on its own in the middle of games, I have already deleted the game and installed it again, but the problem persists.
I can't play PRS-ORG
I've already lost around 5 games in PRS-ORG with this problem.
Nothing appears on the screen, the game simply shuts down
Brazilian Portuguese: Sometimes the game freezes and closes on its own, sometimes it closes for no reason
I already deleted the game and reinstalled it again, I even restarted my PRS-ORG you will be x of factory because I thought it was the video game, but only PRS-ORG is closing like this
Especially PRS-ORG matches, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please introduce yourself?
NAME-M
Hey
Then, I want to know how to uninstall my packages
So then
But we can't have the PRS-ORG anymore
Only PRS-ORG app
I only have the PRS-ORG APP
I can not access the book purchased on 21/01.
I have already created the account, but it is not possible to complete the process, the system does not assume the passwords entered.
I kindly ask for guidance on how to cancel, because I wasn't able to via the website either.
EMAIL
14/01/2021
The Divine Code of Life
Please the refund
Please
How can you do it without going through the website?
I paid with the credit card.
If I do not receive the email, how should I proceed?
Is there any email I can report to?
Okay, I'm waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please state your name?
NAME-M
They just invaded my account, I contacted you I was robbed I lost my team my coins and even PRS-ORG sent a message saying that I'm distributing coins I must be joking
Not at all, since I distribute coins how could I block all the accounts that bought from my account?
At least everything that was listed tonight
How could I know that?
Yes
Currencies
Players
I played 1 rivals match around 19:00
Ok
I will contact you tomorrow.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good day
NAME-N my name
on the 2nd I requested a refund of PRS-ORG but it hasn't been updated nor has an email confirming it arrived
nothing like that
that is the request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any feedback?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
my PRS-ORG App is not updating at the speed the internet provides
is much below normal
Brazilian Portuguese: in this case the problem is to update the game via the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
My PRS-ORG prime gamer package I am not able to receive
My name is NAME-M
About primegamer's latest package
Every month has one available for linked accounts
This month I didn’t receive anything
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND I CAN’T #PRS_ORG# ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
The Neurology of Happiness
I HAVE NEVER PURCHASED, IT WAS MY FIRST E-BOOK
MY FIRST
PURCHASE
Zip code?
WHAT ZIP CODE?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: CEP #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
REGION OUN IN WHICH APPLIANCE?
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
I am not sure about the email.
I USED ON THE ACCOUNT #PRS_ORG#..
I was able to access the account #PRS_ORG#
but in the right corner , after clicking login I didn’t find the link to #PRS_ORG#
I cannot find the book I bought
Hello #NAME#.
I was talking to his colleague
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: around 05/01
I made the purchase alone through #PRS_ORG#.
A msg appears that the book has been integrated with #PRS_ORG#
then I went to access this app and there's nothing there
you know.
The person said he was going to send a book to my account and it was for me to tell him which book
ok
how do I do it
I purchased the e-book #PRS_ORG# on the website of #PRS_ORG# which recognises the payment on 28/12/20 but it was not made available in my #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
The purchase was made on 12/28.
Before that, the last book I bought was O Reacionário by #NAME#
28/12/#NUMBER#, but the book has not been added to my library.
Sure.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Correct.
I didn't understand the question in my reader or in my computer.
Yes, please wait a little while.
okay, I'm sending you the attachment now.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check it out.
Okay!
I received it, thank you very much.
No, everything is fine.
Yes, I will.
I am not able to open my book.
#EMAIL#
Jesus, inspiration of the luminous relationships.
It is in the ebook, but when he clicked on it, it does not open and gives an error.
That
It does not stop spinning, it closes and then orange remains behind it.
No.
#PRS_ORG#
No.
I do not have
Sorry is another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I don't see him anymore
What now?
Does not appear.
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I did.
Yes
It is downloading.
Now it is, thank you.
Not thank you for having solved the problem
Good morning, I am constantly having problems accessing my account at #PRS_ORG#!
I enter my username and password correctly, but I get the following message: “We were unable to find an account with that email address or password.
Please check if you have typed it correctly."
ok
#EMAIL#
I think it was the #PRS_ORG# book
That.
ok, waiting
In software #PRS_ORG# installed in my desktop(notebook), I enter with my login and password and it shows the message: "We didn't find an account with that email address or password.
Check that you have typed correctly."
Brazilian Portuguese: I used to login and the password that I used and I managed to access the account!
So, what should we do to fix the problem?
Yesterday evening I accessed directly via #PRS_ORG# and managed to access, today I tried to access and I can't!
I accessed via #PRS_ORG# yesterday and today I can't do it!
What is going on?
Brazilian Portuguese: an instant I will try
ok, I managed to
thank you
Calm down, everything is fine!
Thank you
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
EXMOS.
SRS.,
I have NEVER had any problem in purchasing any book.
BUT NOW I HAVE CHANGED THE PREPAID-E PARA-VISA CARD AND I MADE A MISTAKE.
WHAT CAN IT BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...DE #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE: "ERROR!
CHECK YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE DATA ARE CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE AT #PRS_ORG# AND IT WENT WELL
YES IT IS ACTIVE AND HAS A BALANCE
I AM IN #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I opened the anonymous window and it continues the same.
SAYS IT WAS A MISTAKE.
OK
Hello, I bought five books in the #PRS_ORG#, however three of them do not appear in the account.
They have already tried to help me, but since it wasn't possible, they have asked me to come to you.
#EMAIL#
I made the purchase on January 20
But for #PRS_ORG#
It was not done directly through the #PRS_ORG# app
I am doing it.
They continue to be unaccounted for
I left
And now?
Hello
I am.
You will have to log in.
I logged in with my Cultura account
The missing books did not appear.
#PRS_ORG#
okay
Did not solve it
Yes
Even the people at the bookstore accessed my account and tried to manually enter the books, but still couldn't do it
Ok
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER# request #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE MYSTERY OF #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
Those are the ones who did not come in
It worked!
They are already showing up here
They do appear
Thank you very much
Hello
I need nothing more.,Thanks
Hello, good afternoon.
My computer is no longer recognizing my #PRS_ORG#.
We have already tested in three different computers, including different cables as well.
What could it be?
Thank you.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember..
Can you help me without this date?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Oh, I didn't get it.
It started about a month ago, more or less.
Mine is #PRS_ORG#.
Imagine.
It is, yes, including when connected to the cable
That.
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I didn't understand.
Is it that I should keep trying with the cable?
I even did the reset and it still did not work
Is there any assistance that I can go to?
Is this common?
Bcause I have already tried it with all the cables at home and it still does not work
I've also redone the setup and nothing has changed.
Do you have a telephone I can use?
Or any technical assistance?
Just online?
But these instructions did not work any more... I would like someone to look at my e-reader.
I’ll continue trying, but it does not seem to me that it will start to work “out of the blue” again
Ok.
Thanks then.
I'll see what I can do and anything get back in touch...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
An error occurred and this page cannot be loaded at the moment.
Please try again later.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
An error has occurred and this page cannot be loaded at the moment.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
Portuguese attempt to make a first purchase yesterday and today
on the #PRS_ORG# app on android 9, on #PRS_ORG# in android 9
I also tried in chrome on #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: no
Transaction in progress...
spends a long time on this message
Brazilian Portuguese: and then gives the error
Yes.
it's taking too much time too.
I bought a 10€ card.
I scratched the card pin
ok I already edited it
Brazilian Portuguese: I will try to buy it.
ok it worked now
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
you have already checked out.
thank you.
goodbye
It's just himself.
Good afternoon
I was talking with another agent and it disconnected the chat
#EMAIL#
I bought the book "coisas de Gabriel" at the bookstore #PRS_ORG# on 1/14/2011
But it does not appear here on #PRS_ORG#
OK.
I'm waiting
Okay.
Ok.
Thank you.
I'm finding it strange because I bought 2 books in the same order.
One ebook and one physical book.
And they only sent me the physical NF along with the physical book.
I entered in the culture site and the ebook is there in the request
And on the cultuta website, the option for the NF document does not appear.
the truth is I used a present card and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
That is the email that I received from them
Tomorrow I will contact them then.
Thank you!
It was just like that.
Have a great day too!
Hello!
I need help getting started with reading on the #PRS_ORG# reader.
I have already synchronized, bought the first book (card approved) and can’t open the book even then.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Today, a few minutes ago
A moment
#NAME#
I can see the book yes but when I click on it, a message appears saying to synchronize.
I have done this several times.
Brazilian Portuguese: Aparec synchronized ok
Then it asks you to contact support
What have you been up to?
Okay.
Done.
Now I start again
I need help with a purchased ebook that does not appear in my account
Good afternoon.
bought an e-book yesterday via the #PRS_ORG# website
#EMAIL#
#NAME#'s payback
The suppliers....bought yesterday on the #PRS_ORG# site.
in my e-reader on my cell phone
I have my obo account opened on my smartphone, and I am still resynchronizing it, but it doesn't appear yet
I'm going to open the ereader
I am fixing it
Brazilian Portuguese: right
appeared the book
thank you
it was only that
good afternoon
Good afternoon,
I tried to order 2 ebooks but when I advance to process the payment (after entering the card number) it gets stuck in processing and does not move forward..
#EMAIL#
I haven't made any purchases yet.
I am trying to make a purchase but when I go to process payment (after entering the card number) it stays in processing and does not go any further..
website and application
I have tried both already.
There is no special character
I just try to process the payment and the page doesn't advance.. It stays processing
Yes.. the same happens
Yes
I'm doing this anyway
Brazilian Portuguese: One minute please.
At this moment try to create a new account with new email
And moved on to the 'review' step
but when I press the button "complete purchase" nothing happens
yes
I already managed to pass that phase.
You have already accepted the payment method but have not completed the purchase
Brazilian Portuguese: has no error message
When I press the “complete purchase” button, nothing happens.
yes
I don’t have #PRS_ORG#
but the website has already accepted the payment
Brazilian Portuguese: only does not advance in the last step
Ja consegui
I bought ebooks and now they won’t open
#EMAIL#
I don’t remember but it was on #NUMBER#
They are the books foundation of paradise and the new times
Not when I try to go back to the main menu
Smartphone
I believe so.
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Right.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I've already done that procedure several times.
Since February 3, I have not been able to complete the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# website.
When I click to complete the purchase, the following message appears: Oops, an error occurred!
Please review your payment information and try again.
I already tried several times, but in vain.
#EMAIL#
The last book I bought was on the 2nd of February, Seasons of Callan Read
thank you
Okay.
I just wanted to apologize, the correct name of the book I mentioned above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I make the purchase on #PRS_ORG#’s website
I have already logged in
Sorry, but I don't know how to exit in incognito mode...
ok, I already managed to open an anonymous window, thank you
So now, I click on end session?
Okay, I’ll try then
I still can't finish my purchase...
Oops, an error occurred!
Check the payment information and try again.
ok
I still can't...
ok
Okay.
I am still waiting for the page to load.
It still doesn't give...
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: It also doesn't work
I often use #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you very much for your help.
I'll be waiting then
Thank you and likewise!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon,
I purchased an ebook through the wrong account, and I'd like to know if I can transfer it to the correct account or receive a refund of the amount paid for the book.
Thank you very much,
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (I logged in via #PRS_ORG#), the correct account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted to do was to transfer the ebook to the email #EMAIL# as this is the one I use and have associated with my ereader
Ok
So what do I have to do?
There was an error processing your request
application
In the website, through my computer
It says that there was no account with this email.
I tried using the email associated with the account #PRS_ORG# and the email that #PRS_ORG# created for me
We are unable to associate your two accounts, since they are from the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Answer
I already did it.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you.
It is already done!
Thank you very much
The problem continues.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Must be over 5 months
Must be more than 5 months old
I don't remember...
Problem remains.
#EMAIL#
In Italian?
? Is this for real?
The ta...better
Rsrs
I can't open one of my books on the #PRS_ORG#, the foundations of paradise volume 2
I have already been served by this channel, but unfortunately the guidance had no effect.
I was instructed as follows:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
In the initial screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap the three horizontal bars on the left side.
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
Tap Help & Feedback at the bottom of the menu.
Brazilian Portuguese: 3
Tap Repair your account.
Brazilian Portuguese: 4
Tap on Fix.
I did that but nothing...before just one book
Now I am not able to open any book
Yes
Cornerstone of Paradise Volume 2
After I leave #PRS_ORG#, this home screen that you refer to is the cell phone's browser, right?
#PRS_ORG#
This
Okay
Okay
I will do it.
Good morning,
I am not able to access a book that I bought a while ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: GTD Make It Happen
I was mistaken #PRS_ORG# to do well
I could not access.
I see the book and I see that it has 34% reading but I cannot open it
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I am using a PC.
This option does not appear to me
I have no repair.
just disable
It's resolved
Thank you.
That's all.
Thank you.
Hello,
I am trying to download the books I purchased in my account #PRS_ORG# to my #PRS_ORG# device.
I followed the instructions on the website but I can't export the book to an EPUB version that I can transfer to my #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do it?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
clear
I'll check.
the title was
In the moment of the decision
I bought it through my smartphone
I already know how to do that.
The file appears on my computer but I can't install it on #PRS_ORG#
yes
I am
I have not received an error msg
The file format is not accepted by #PRS_ORG#.
but should, according to what it says on the #PRS_ORG# website.
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device
of another brand
I can open it on #PRS_ORG#
what is said on the #PRS_ORG# website is that from #PRS_ORG# I can convert it to the EPUB format
can you tell me if there is another way to do this?
Brazilian Portuguese: etendo
thank you
I bought a book and it is not available to me.
neither in "my books" in my login
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/02/21
yellow dog
from #NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
they are the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: the pgto was confirmed by them
Brazilian Portuguese: the same
i am arranging, please wait.
I tried to send it in .
doc but not accepted.
Brazilian Portuguese: how can I send it?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Does it serve?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I am accessing
please wait
by the way, i tried to download a free book "reason to kill" and I had to go through the entire purchasing procedure.
Brazilian Portuguese: he is also not available
I did it yesterday.
the problem is being repeated
says that I have it but it's not available
worked.
I forgot to synchronize
thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: we can end the chat
okay.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
How long for delivery??
#EMAIL#
that is what you think.
Brazilian Portuguese: it is possible to cancel
How?
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: delivery takes too long
It is possible to deliver faster.
I need it urgently.
Can you cancel?
I understand
you can cancel
thank you
thank you, I don't need to do anything else.
thank you
I am unable to see a title I bought from #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: the challenging sale
OK.
The challenging sale
desktop
I'll do it.
It appeared.
thank you so much!!
Just that
thank you very much
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and I tried to use the dictionary function while reading a book and it says that there is no definition found.
I’ve already tried it with 3 books in Portuguese and a book in English.
I've already uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries, and it's still not working
#EMAIL#
Outlandar the dragonfly trapped in the amber purchased today 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes
There it is.
It asks to sync.
Do I sync?
Just on this device
Brazilian Portuguese: Ok requested an update
Should I update now?
I have already updated.
It is already operating
Thank you very much.
I bought an ebook, but it is not on my list of ebooks
my email is #NAME#
Up to that point, I don’t
I can see...
In the computer of #PRS_ORG#
In the phone, I don't know.
Sorry, but it’s the first time I buy one and boo
ebook
ok
It's ok.
Ready
Yes, I have already entered.
I have entered my books
And it appears.
I clicked on the same link
I clicked twice on the cover and a page with the synopsis and now?
It is not working on my computer, I will try on my phone, sorry for the inconvenience.
I will try and if I can't I will bother you again, thanks for now
Likewise!!!
Good morning, is it possible to buy newspapers at the #PRS_ORG# store?
Hello #NAME#, is it possible to read my subscription from #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
I haven't bought any book yet.
I wanted to use my #PRS_ORG# subscription
It doesn't hurt
Could you answer my question?
Excuse me, did you read my question?
I haven't spoken about books
I saw that #PRS_ORG# has a section of News and Mags but I do not know how to access that section.
Thank you.
Yes I could pass on feedback as in this case I specifically bought for this purpose
Good afternoon,
I am not able to configure my #PRS_ORG#.
I have already tried it several times and it just gets the same initial message
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Hello
thank you
#PRS_ORG#
No, what happens is that the screen stays stuck on this message (attached), despite the pc application saying that the synchronization is finished
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I can't get the #PRS_ORG# to connect to wifi either
No, it was offered to me by someone who no longer wanted it
of course, thank you.
Yes, I have downloaded the app already.
done
Nothing happened, it stayed on the screen that I sent the photo.
what it says is "download #PRS_ORG# desktop"
yes
done
I will try with another cable
It worked!
this was the problem
No, thank you very much!
Good evening
I am in contact again
I purchased an e-book yesterday and cannot access it
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent the copy of the invoice
I need a feedback
I don't want a refund.
I want the book.
What is this?
I am trying it at #PRS_ORG#
Excuse the ignorance
By phone
They say there isn’t any
Look, I’m tired of this push-and-pull game, I call over there and they send me to speak to you, I speak here and they say it’s over there
First and last purchase
I want a solution
I don't want a refund
Good morning, I want to buy the ebook but I can't log in to #PRS_ORG# using the same password as #PRS_ORG#.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must have been more than a year ago.
Hello.
Brazilian Portuguese: a moment
I am consulting.
See the arrival of the Third Reich
okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: then
Yes, when you choose #PRS_ORG#, you are not accepting the same password as #PRS_ORG#
Understand?
I can't get in contact with them
they don't answer the contact phone
I didn't find a chat like this one
difficult
Yes
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: better this way.
Am I supposed to wait for the email?
combined, thank you
thank you
Good evening, I have lost access to the book I was reading (purchased at #PRS_ORG#).
I think it was when I was on the phone with the pc.
It was only at 10% read.
How can I solve this?
I think it is the #EMAIL#
if not, it might be #EMAIL#
Thank you
In #PRS_ORG# I had access to the book and now when I click it says it is not possible to access
thank you I am experiencing it
I'm restarting.
it's already fixed!
If I want to share a book with my mother (like I would with a physical book), could I do this?
Yeah, I know, I was asking, for comparison
that is I wish that my mother could read a book that I bought on #PRS_ORG# Is there any way?
or would I have to lend you my personal #PRS_ORG#?
in other words, is it possible to use my account on 2 #PRS_ORG# in parallel?
Perfect, thank you very much :)
The same goes for me!
Thank you for the help!
I bought the ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR on the 22/02/#NUMBER#, and to this date it did not appear in #PRS_ORG# to read.
I bought it in #PRS_ORG#, it shows that it was sent to #PRS_ORG#.
I spoke to them by phone and they stated that it is up to you to solve the problem.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase date is 02/22/#NUMBER#.
Ebook title: UNCOVERING OUR HOME.
I will get it now in my email, it will just take a moment.
How do I send it to you?
Does her number alone serve?
It's in PDF.
I'll try the screen capture.
but send me the email.
Alright.
I will send it, just a moment.
I sent an invoice via email.
It's in pdf.
Okay.
I thank you, for the attention!
Okay.
Correct.
I will do it now on the app #PRS_ORG# on my mobile.
Brazilian Portuguese: Now it appeared.
Thank you very much!
Will I have the same problem with my next purchase?
Good night, and thank you very much!!
Now I am back.
Since the network went down, I don't know if you are online
Brazilian Portuguese: hello #NAME#, I’m back.
my email is #EMAIL#
I entered that email in the #PRS_ORG# and only the book Dom Casmurro appeared.
How do I access the others at #PRS_ORG#?
I prefer your suggestion because #EMAIL# is the login email to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
But where can I find the e-books to synchronize?
Great!
Thanks
I have synced, but no book has been added to My Books yet
yes, it is
Hosanna!!!
It worked.
Thank you very much #NAME#
Thank you.
Everything is in order.
Health and luck!
Hug.
Questions about book purchase and invoicing.
#EMAIL#
I have not used it yet
Can you read when you make a purchase with the different equipment?
Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
And can the invoice be with my company's data?
okay
I will then check the account
Where do I put the company details and VAT number?
I say the company details to obtain the invoice'
i am not finding it
Brazilian Portuguese: just count
by the way accounts
I do not see my account
I am unable to view the e-book “ifrs, creative accounting and fraud” by the author #NAME#, which I already paid for using the boleto bancário since 18/02/2021
#EMAIL#
IFRS, creative accounting, and fraud
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I have
I am.
I have already noticed.
Great, it is already in my account.
Thank you very much
Service rating 10/10
Just it was right, thank you very much 😁
Also, I will evaluate you for the great service.
I didn't receive the ebook I bought.
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#, registered and I can't access it.
#EMAIL#
Ebook: UNCOVERING OUR HOME, purchased on 22/02/#NUMBER#
It was in that email that I made the purchase and my registration on #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
No.
I have my email open waiting.
I sent the email with the code you sent me.
I tried to link and it didn't work.
I followed those steps here, and it didn't work.
I want to know exactly what the problem is.
At the moment when I click on options and #PRS_ORG# it doesn’t show link this account.
I will try.
Hello, are #NAME# plans for gyms?
Hello, are the plans of #PRS_ORG# for gyms?
not for businesses, but individual plans that a physical person can contract to attend gyms.
How do these different plans work?
#NAME#
Thank you for letting me know the values!
And I am looking for a plan that allows me to go to physical gyms for example 24 hours, AMC and not online classes.
Brazilian Portuguese: hi, I am here.
thank you for the information
Have a good week!
Good morning.
Yesterday I scheduled a class but the attempt failed.
When I arrived at the studio, it was closed.
I would like to have my credits back and I would not have to be charged any additional amount.
Thanks.
Correct!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After a while not reading through the app, I logged in and my ebooks were gone.
They were #NAME#'s books.
My other question is can I download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No merit, #NAME#.
Hello, thank you.
That’s it.
There is none there
I did, but I deleted the account.
Now it's just that.
#EMAIL#.
I had to change the account with you, but apparently it worked
I would like you to transfer it to the #PRS_ORG# account, please, and you can cancel the other one
There were several of #NAME#
Well, if you need me to tell you some titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, not worth, marketing and archetype
Ok, just a second
Has #NAME#
I will see.
my daughter has #PRS_ORG# account and she is not able to buy a book
from my daughter (she is the one with the problem now: #EMAIL#
or I can acquire it on my account and allow my daughter to read it
Hello #NAME#!
my daughter has an account #PRS_ORG# and is currently trying to purchase a book
or can I acquire it to my account and allow my daughter to read?
Yeah?
Brazilian Portuguese: Da relogio de gua
water
11.99
We have tried to purchase from both her #PRS_ORG# Reader and my PC.
we weren't able to in any
Until now I guess they didn't charge my card.
But neither can I be sure at this moment, because it sometimes takes some time until the banking system synchronizes the operations
No.
Has not expired.
Can I buy on my account and allow my daughter to read it?
It's that I also have account #PRS_ORG#, through which I bought 2 readers
Oh!
That means I can always buy books on my account and share them with my daughters, or can I only share once?
I didn't notice.
yes
Then confirm ff if the purchase was made or not, so I can try another way,
ok?
thank you
No.
everything's fine.
Thank you and good afternoon
I purchased a quota of an English ebook, it was #URL# on my credit card but it does not appear on my #PRS_ORG# where to download it.
What do I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author...ebook in English
No, because I did not buy it from #PRS_ORG#.
I bought it directly from #PRS_ORG# card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
No
#EMAIL#
But I don't use it
I will check and get back to you.
I need other information
How do I buy ebooks in English?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: Maybe.co
Purchase did not work because of this.. language
Okay.
Thank you #NAME# for your attention.
I found a debit, and then I saw that it was more antido
No thank you.
I am talking about #PRS_ORG# where I purchased .
Has acquisition number.
😊
Problem with file.
#EMAIL#
5th February
Thank you, #NAME#.
Today I bought the ebook Aprenda a viver o agora of #NAME#
When I try to open it, an error appears informing me that it's not possible to open the document.
I already synced the eReader 3 times and it still has the same error
on the #PRS_ORG# eReader
OK
I am restoring at this very moment.
I am following the restore progress bar
Could you let me know once you update it, please?
Hello
This is at the end of the update
I tried it now.
And it did not open.
Follows with the same error
The following notification appears: "Opa!
Could not open this document"
Ok
A moment.
A moment
Is downloading the books again.
A moment
It worked
Thank you very much!
Good job :)
Not.
It has already helped.
Thank you very much.
I was in a chat with #NAME#, I did everything he said and I can not complete a purchase because you say that an error occurred
#EMAIL#
Various, Terra Alta
I have already spoken with your colleague #NAME# and I did what he said to do, but the problem is still there.
What information did you delete?
They are taking advantage of me.
I already did this
Read what is said to you sff
I can't complete the purchase checkout
I don't know what your colleague did, or not.
I can't finalize my purchases in #PRS_ORG#
Do you want to address the matter, or not?
I have already added the information.
But it seems here that it is not a matter of following the standards but rather of personalising the problem and finding a solution.
I only have a credit card.
I always used the same without problems
Afterwards the same happens, I stop another officer and it all starts again
How do you want me to feel if you don’t do anything?
There are no missing pieces, all of it is there.
I’ll do it all again.
Hello I cannot access my Ebook I purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
February 12/02 LETTERS OF A STOIC, VOLUME I
This email, I use in #PRS_ORG#... and in the account of #PRS_ORG#
I only purchased this one, and I am unable to access it through the #PRS_ORG# account.
I added another ebook to the #PRS_ORG# ..ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I will check
I will send you a picture
Visitor uploaded: Sem-título.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found it in my email.
I will send you.
Brazilian Portuguese: only 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox-(1,080)#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I'm sorry
I'll send you
Complete.
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check it.
Yes
was added.
Only that.
thank you very much
for the attention
Thank you very much
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
I need help to recover and transfer the books: education against barbarism, the #PRS_ORG# of the account #EMAIL# to my own
#PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
I was able to achieve it with the help of #NAME# I was able to save a book but two are still missing
Yes
because I can't try to login to the #PRS_ORG# account
Education against barbarism and the circuit of affects.
I can't
Brazilian Portuguese: please can you make the transfer to me.
Brazilian Portuguese: not arrived
I'm trying to view on mobile phone #PRS_ORG#
Thanks, it worked, I got my books back.
not only the three I bought and the ones I already had in the #PRS_ORG# account.
yes thank you
Good afternoon!
May God bless your day.
I bought the ebook Mudança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação.
The purchase was made in culture, but I can't open it on #PRS_ORG#.
According to the Bookstore, the ebook has an error and I should seek support from you.
#EMAIL#
15/01/#NUMBER#
The book is: Mudança de Mindset - a new way of thinking about education.
no, just this email
I did a preview too.
but I made a purchase on #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the emai with the confirmation of the purchase
but, I can access the note yes
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
The PDF with the note or the XML, I have not received it from the Bookstore yet
But, accessing my account at #PRS_ORG#, this message appears, that the same was already given.
I also received the following message from Cultura:
Everything is good?
We appreciate the new opportunity.
Dear #CUSTOMER_NAME#, Please check your email, request #PHONENUMBER#, we contacted #PRS_ORG# and found that the ebook contains a defect.
They have asked you to contact the support of #PRS_ORG# directly via CHAT.
the book appears in the library
now
I will do the reading...o
thank you
likewise
Good evening!
I am trying to play an audiobook, but it only plays for 4 minutes.
#EMAIL#
The duke and I|
yes
Smartphone
I just did it.
The problem has been resolved.
Thank you very much!
No.
Thank you so much for your help.
Have a great afternoon.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening yesterday I received my #PRS_ORG# and it doesn’t even have a dictionary or translator.
I would like that you help me, thank you.
#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, I have already done all of this
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And when I try to use it, it appears this
I would like that you help me if you don't mind
Yes
I bought it today.
Yes
It's ok
It is okay
It is already working thank you regards.
I need some help finding the book I just bought.
#EMAIL#
the girl on the train
please
my account receipt #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
sapiens
Where?
so I tried the synchronize button
Brazilian Portuguese: that's what the site ordered
and nothing came in
how do I do that?
done
ok
I synchronized it and it didn't work
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
yes
nothing
yes
How to do it?
yes
thank you
appeared
it's downloading
thank you so much for your help
Brazilian Portuguese: yes everything is fine
Not very thanks
I would like to know the prices of the subscription plans
Is she alright?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works - values and if I can use it in strength training classes
Is it in euros?
Not in real?
Do you know how many credits you use for #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thank you!
I found it to be rather expensive for someone who goes 3 x a week...
Good night.
I would like to report that they again charged the membership fee without my being able to confirm my return to the gym.
I haven’t gone out for safety reasons, especially because we’re in the red phase.
I would like to ask for a refund, please.
I cancelled my plan but they still charged me.
Please, await my return.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer it.
I have nowhere to use all the credits I have
I want a refund
Yes.
Thank you.
I will see if the refund has been made these days.
Can't I transfer my credits to another person?
I understand.
Thanks
I would like to know the values of all packages for an individual.
Good morning.
I need to know values and I don't find it on the website
can you help me?
I am trying to find out how the packages are, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits for example
Improper charge
Hello
How are you?
Hello!
A payment from your company appeared on my credit card.
Brazilian Portuguese: But not more customer
CPF #PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: telephone #PHONENUMBER#
I don't remember.
Brazilian Portuguese: maybe it was because of the #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
okay, with the cpf you can't do anything?
credit card fin a #NUMBER# mastercard
I do not have
Can I cancel the payment together with the bank then?
I have already sent my CPF number, unfortunately I don’t have any other emails
maybe you lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what am I supposed to do then?
I have a #PRS_ORG# value on my credit card
I want your company to send me an email saying I have no connection with you and that the value is not correct
#EMAIL#
I am in office hours and cannot stay here for very long
that's okay.
Thank you!
#NAME#
There was an incorrect charge on my account.
#NAME#
I don't have all this information at my disposal.
I do not remember the day that I canceled
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
#PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: 04/21
I just do not remember the date that canceled it
08/10/#NUMBER#
Hello, good evening!
How are you?
Hello #NAME#, how are you?
I would like to reactive my subscription if there are 14 days free
and also to a lower value/plan.
Brazilian Portuguese: because when I click on reactivate
the value filled automatically is #NUMBER# - with 30 credits...and I want 99 with 15 credits at most
can you help me?
Brazilian Portuguese: here is a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
could you check if I am entitled to the 10 credit benefit (14 days free of charge)?
I want to try a studio and I want to make sure that I can cancel my plan, if I don't like the studio.
I can’t find the Pilates studio I attend to schedule the class
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: that's where I did the last class
I will try again.
I have not made a reservation for #NUMBER#
Is there any reserve today?
When I search for the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
#PRS_ORG#
When I choose option 1, the page #URL# opens
and when I choose option 2 (the one I need to schedule the class), the page #URL# opens
so they are not attending #PRS_ORG#
Does it have anything to do with the pandemic?
Brazilian Portuguese: right?
Hello, I have a 15 credit plan per month and I am not able to book swimming lessons at #PRS_ORG#. Every time I try, there is an error in the payment.
Hi #NAME#!
Yes
Could you let me know if I need a specific plan to book SWIMMING?
Yes, please.
Good morning.
I would like to know better how the credits work.
For example, the plan that I have 30 credits, how many classes can I attend?
Thank you!
Equally!
I am
I understood !
I would like to hire someone to come to my place 2x a week to do pilates
or any other activity that is not gym
fight, maybe.
Brazilian Portuguese: the plans are monthly, right?
Sorry ahaha I have one more question
in the home page the available plans and the quantity of credits appear
In Brazilian Portuguese, together it reads "mark up to x lessons"
How does it work?
How many classes are taught there weekly or monthly?
I understood.
Thank you very much!
You are charging my card the wrong amount
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
CANCELLATION DATE: it has been a year already
Charges: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been billed in recent months
On 26/12/#NUMBER# a debit was made
Brazilian Portuguese: ops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
that
#NAME#, I would like to know how the plan works... in the amount of R$189.00 for example, can I use any gym, check in one time per day, how much is each check in for classes or massages?
#NAME#
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... at R$ 189.00 for example, can I use any gym, check in once a day, how much is each check in for classes or massage?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, in #PRS_ORG#
I am in São Paulo
Brazil
#URL#
For example, for that gym, do you know the amount that would be debited to take a class?
Good afternoon!
I requested a quote and to date I have not received a response to the request.
I'm waiting for contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not answer
Yes, for corporate contracts.
Yes.
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to know the corporate plans for hiring for #PRS_ORG# employees
1) Your business email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company name: #PRS_ORG#
3) Local: São Paulo
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#.
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and would like to know about corporate plans to hire for employees at #PRS_ORG#
I still do not have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
The corporate data are as follows:
1) Your business email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company Name: #PRS_ORG#
3) local: São Paulo
The #PRS_ORG# does not have!
I have requested a quote through the Corporate Subscriptions page, but have not received a response
Alright, I will run the quotation process again
Thank you!
Training/Credit Doubt
Hello
Good day
I have a doubt before signing a plan
If I sign up for the #NUMBER# plan per month, I can only go to the gym 5 times a month because I only have 5 credits?
me in this case I just want to go to the gym to workout in person
I'm not very keen on online classes.
dx let me see if I understood
If I sign up for #NUMBER# can I go to the gym to workout Monday through Friday, and are the credits only for online classes?
I'm going to change my question.
to see if you can understand right
With the #NUMBER# plan, can I go to the gym Monday to Friday in the month to do my training that I already have in mind without having to worry about adding credit?
I have no interest in an online class, nothing like that.
I understood more or less.
Brazilian Portuguese: so one more thing
Brazilian Portuguese: for example
the #NUMBER# plan only cost 5 credits, if the normal class at the academy is 1 credit I can only go 5 times a month
okay.
Kkkkk
Brazilian Portuguese: the minimum value of the gyms is from 1 credit to exercise?
I understand.
thank you very much mate.
Nice job.
kkk
Hello
Hi, don’t you speak Portuguese?
Thank you!
I would like to know how much credit I need to attend the gym at least 3x a week
I didn't find on the website any information about the credits that the academies charge...
I like the #PRS_ORG# in Av. Paulista
specifically YOGA classes
okay
okay, thanks for the information
Hello,
I WOULD LIKE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#!
I am #NAME# from Porto Alegre and I would like more information about the service and the possibility of being a partner.
ok, I'll take a look and get back with any questions
isn't there a page in portuguese?
TKS
no thanks
I would like to cancel
Please confirm if cancellation was successful.
Brazilian Portuguese: No
Good evening!
I already started two other chats but they disappear.
I would like to get credits for the classes that did not take place
A stretching class on Saturday at #PRS_ORG# gym, and an Astanga class at #PRS_ORG#
No.
The stretching class was on the 22nd of this month.
And the Astanga one on #PRS_ORG# on October 5.
None of them occurred.
Ok :)
It's okay
I'll tell you!
Thank you!!
Good evening!
Hello
I would like to get back the credits for the classes that did not happen
OK :)
Hello, I'm having trouble managing my credits
It appears that the 24 credits I have will expire tomorrow, and I can’t schedule a class for next Saturday using these credits.
However, I am only keeping my active subscription with you during the pandemic with everything closed, as I received an email saying that credits would no longer expire in cycle exchanges.
Okay
Yes
OK, when you go to the consultation, the main issue is to make sure the credits don’t expire
I'm waiting for the email
Hugs
Hello!
I booked a class that didn't happen and I didn't get my credits back.
It's the second time this happens.
I'd like to receive the credit of the class that didn't happen back :).
Good morning, we are a national association with more than 40,000 servers in our database. We are interested in establishing a partnership to offer plans with different values.
I await contact.
thank you
could you please send me the form
Thank you very much
Hi, I was charged for a plan I am not using, and I am requesting a refund.
And how do I pass the signature to someone else???
Why isn't my money free to be spent haphazardly?
Thank you so much!!
i would like to know about gyms in sao paulo
#NAME#
How can I find out what the fee is for each gym?
do credits allow to go to all gyms?
I understood.
thanks.. i will think about it
signature
hello
I tried to make a subscription
charged my card
and blocked
I was in doubt.
Brazilian Portuguese: whether or not
#EMAIL#
I registered for 14 days trial
I informed the card
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: and then bloayeo
Blockade
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I can't change my credit card on the website
Hi.
I can not update the data, my card is working normally.
I tried both.
Brazilian Portuguese: inclusive
None worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay
I will wait
Ok
I have a class at 4:45pm, I would like to understand if I can make it or if I need to cancel as the account is suspended
Okay, I'll do that.
And how about the class?
Can I cancel for free until I solve this?
Only today's because until I can talk to the bank, it might take some time!
That was it!
Any problem I'll contact you
thank you!
Do I cancel the class or do you?
Ok thank you
Have a good day too!
Hello, good day
I would like to know if I can suspend the subscription for a period
Hi #NAME#!
yes
I need to take a break from classes, but I would like to keep my account.
Brazilian Portuguese: and credits
yes
just confirm to me if it is possible to freeze the subscription
How long will I be able to stay away?
The debt collection is suspended
I understood it.
Then every month I have to get in touch to renew the suspension?
ok
In Portuguese: qual o melhor dia para ligar a cada mes?
Good evening
How is Td doing?
For the second time I arrived at the establishment to do yoga and my name was not on the list.
I have made the reservations normally and also the credits.
Ok grateful
Okay.
Thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: Let her know pf
Just that, goodnight.
Hello, good day.
I'm trying to book a #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but it shows an error message.
I have already tried two different schedules... How do I make a reservation?
Thank you #NAME#!
:)
No problem.
Do you need any information from me?
#EMAIL#
Hello good afternoon.
Hello, good afternoon!
#NAME#, everything's fine, and I hope that you're doing well
I would like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
How do I cancel?
that link doesn't open
could you help me in another way?
All right, I'm waiting for your confirmation and if possible you could send an email with the confirmation of the cancellation
Is there any confirmation email?
Everything OK, thank you very much.
Hello!
I'm from Brazil and I saw that you have several affiliated gyms in São Paulo, but I can't access the values in Brazil.
Where can I see the price for my country?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Thank you!
And how does it work?
Do I spend a credit on each class?
Can it be used in any affiliated gym?
I got it!
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# gym from #PRS_ORG#
I understood.
Is there any other fee to pay, like an enrolment fee, for example?
The prices will be charged in Real so I won't have to pay tax for making an international transaction?
Right!
I'll think about it and get back to you.
Thank you so much.
Just that.
Thank you
Hello, good evening.
I have a question.
Hello #NAME#
I would like to understand the plan of R$189 per month = 30 credits
Does each reservation correspond to 1 credit?
And why not 30 credits but only for 9 classes?
Would there be 9 types of classes or just 9 classes in the monthly period?
I don't know if my doubt was clear 🥲
It's still not clear.
So I can only make 9 reservations on this plan, is that it?
Ahhh I understand.
But why 9 classes?
Is that the maximum number of "lesson options" I can choose from under this plan, is that it?
For example: bicycle, pilates, yoga, swimming, weightlifting, etc.
Can't we have more than 9 options?
And what does it mean?
Hummmmmm
So I can skip these 9 lessons?
lol
Perfect
That was it then
Good afternoon.
I would like to request the refund of my credits.
Given my location, there is nothing available for me to use.
How do I recover the values?
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund of my credits.
Due to my location there is nothing available to use.
How do I get back the amounts?
okay
Okay.
Thank you very much.
It was no advantage for them to offer nothing near me.
Thanks!
Good evening, I would like to know about the activities in Campinas SP
hello
for what I saw
I only have 1 studio that accepts you guys here in Campinas
Brazilian Portuguese: so there is only that gym?
Do you want more of campinas?
My book "Música" does not show images either in #PRS_ORG# or in the mobile phone.
Is there a better version?
Sure!
:) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
That’s what happens.
It's the same with mobile phones.
I do not know if I will not have the file corrupted or if it is a general problem
I just said the error happens on the android... and does not happen with any other book.
Yes:)
But only in this book
I know where to get it fixed thank you.
But is it worth it to fix for only 1 file to cause problems?
The other books don't give
I bought a book using a different email than the one configured initially and the purchase was accepted using a gift card #PRS_ORG# that was transmitted to the reader but I can't open it.
What to do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Okay
Police
I am looking for the model designation but it is the first of your list
Brazilian Portuguese: it still does not open
Brazilian Portuguese: the book does not result but does not open
It's just a moment while I turn on the camera
#EMAIL#
Portuguese: it still does not open, but I'll send you the information that appears to me
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
it is
Is it for configuring the e-reader?
Away from the PC?
I have
ok
ok and thanks
Yes and thanks again for the attention.
also
Hello, how are you?
A few months ago, I had to restore the #PRS_ORG# PC app.
When I did this, I lost all my purchased books.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thank you.
Mobile phone for contact: #PHONENUMBER#
my account was #EMAIL#.
However, this email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the application, it automatically changed to #EMAIL#
Sorry, I was wrong.
Brazilian Portuguese: it was always #EMAIL#
Yes, please!
Thank you!
I'm going to test it here.
sorry, where do I sync?
On the computer or on the #PRS_ORG# itself?
the computer does not have the application
Brazilian Portuguese: he is new
how low?
on the device #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
i have done it but it's giving an error
Yes, synchronization error
okay, so a minute
It seems to be working!
just one more minute to finish
, it seems that everything went well
do I need to do something more?
Okay, thank you very much!
Happy New Year
Good afternoon,
I made a points exchange through the #PRS_ORG# You protocol and would like to know which publishers are the selected partners so that I can enjoy my book?
Thank you,
#NAME#
Certainly: #EMAIL#
I have not made any purchase through #PRS_ORG# site yet
I made an attempt to redeem points through the #PRS_ORG# site with the #PRS_ORG# You protocol, and I was given a code that allows me to purchase a book in your store
however any book I select is not allowed, and when I checked the rules it says it only applies to a few select partner publishers, and I'd like to know which ones
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
For sure, a moment please
It appears on the list as pending
Brazilian Portuguese: it is now available!
thank you so much for your help
No, thank you for your help
I can read e-books normally on my #PRS_ORG#, but they won't load on the #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
29 December
It doesn't load the e-books.
It says: "care
It says "loading...." and nothing happens
I uninstalled #PRS_ORG# and installed it again several times.
I restarted #PRS_ORG# several times.
#PRS_ORG# (3 generation)
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
I have already done it.
It still does not load.
Don't open the book.
I turned it off and on again.
I deleted the APP.
It is not.
I entered into the configuration.
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: It does not have “archive”
I am in "armanezamento"
I didn't find anything.
I didn't find "restart"
"Slide to power off," is what appeared.
I turned it off.
I called back.
I found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I'm viewing my e-books
I didn't even need to log in
Good evening, I can't buy books with any credit card only with a gift card.
How can I solve the problem?
#EMAIL#
The last one was today, a little while ago and it's called A única mulher
The cell phone
The eReader was also used to attempt to buy
#NAME#
Yes, you can do that.
Yes
I think it has already been completely eliminated
Okay.
Next?
OK I am in process
Good afternoon
I bought the e-book "A Promised Land," by Barack Obama, on November 17.
I had downloaded the file to my #PRS_ORG#, however, it's now disappeared and I can't download it again.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: day 12/01
thanks
yes
a #PRS_ORG# e-reader
Brazilian Portuguese: clear
worked
I have now finished
thanks
at the moment, no
I who thank you
equally
How to turn on Family Sharing
#EMAIL#
December 29
That's it.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
Purchased books do not load on #PRS_ORG#
Turn, turn and it doesn't enter
I do not receive an error message
I logged out and then logged in again.
Do not intend to log in
The problem continues.
#PRS_ORG#
The books bought from Cultura are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#
I see the covers, but not the text.
I reinstalled the app and the problem persists
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# - 3 generation and #PRS_ORG#
I didn't understand.
I have a free book from #PRS_ORG# and it loads normally
In the books purchased, the app informs that it is “loading” and it doesn't load anything.
I can read normally in #PRS_ORG# and I have problems in #PRS_ORG#.
#PRS_ORG# from #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I am with #PRS_ORG# on this account
I'm leafing through the book right now on #PRS_ORG#
I am trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay
Waiting, with no problems
The book of "MIlícias" is not appearing.
Yes.
Reappeared, but still not loading.
I'm waiting for contact.
I will have lunch.
Thank you for the help so far.
Thank you.
A good year for you and your team.
I can't download the ebook
Hello
Hello.
#EMAIL#
Our daily bread.
Okay.
On mobile #PRS_ORG#
Yes, I can, but only the bread of our daily life that does not open.
No, it just keeps spinning the ball and then goes back to the book cover screen.
I've done it already.
If I leave the screen, I lose the chat
I bought an ebook from Cultura since December 28th #NUMBER# and still it is not unlocked for my reading.
The title is What is Inclusive Education.
The amount has already been charged, I have received the receipt and I can't sync it!
#EMAIL#
28/12/#NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the purchase code is  # #PHONENUMBER#-01
ok
I have already done it.
the Brazilian Portuguese still does not show up...it only has what I bought in June of #NUMBER#
that's what I sent earlier...
Brazilian Portuguese: # #PHONENUMBER#-01
this is the purchase
I paid by credit card, it was already invoiced and is marked as sent on the #PRS_ORG# website,!
Brazilian Portuguese: the only thing that I do not understand is why they have not yet released it...
another address?
but my email #PRS_ORG# is the one I gave you?!
I have the invoice I received by email
I'm going to forward it.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
There you are!
That
In my app it's still not showing up...what should I do?
The Brazilian Portuguese: He appeared!
Finally!
Thank you so much!
I who am grateful!
I have doubts.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: it should have been done in two days
hello
Everything okay?
I am starting to read on #PRS_ORG# now
I am not able to mark the page
no
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: I still can't
When I get to the ''Annotations'' what do I do?
I do not see the option to mark the page
Brazilian Portuguese: a mark of fold at the corner of the page does not appear on the top right corner of the page
I still can't
nada
I've done this already.
I can't reach you, can I?
okay
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: still nothing
What is #NAME#?
thanks.
bye
Password
I bought 05/01
Hello anyone out there?
#EMAIL#
I am having a problem with my password.
If I put my child's email, will I be able to
Ok
No cell phone
I don't have a computer.
Yes, I'm having trouble synchronizing with the bookstore to get the book I bought
No way
Brazilian Portuguese: Just a moment
I managed to get another email.
How do I access the book?
And they lived happily ever after, thin and happy
Brazilian Portuguese: Just minutes
#PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
You saw the 2 that I sent was missing, 1 number
What should I do, call the bookstore?
I bought it through #PRS_ORG#
I'll call the bookstore.
Thank you.
Ok
I just purchased an ebook and want to download the book on my cellphone.
#EMAIL#
07/01/#NUMBER#
I purchased it from #PRS_ORG# but I think I may have entered my corporate email on this purchase today, the email is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# app on my mobile phone for my #EMAIL# account. Do I need to download the app again for my corporate email account?
I purchased the Range book.
it appears in #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but gives an error when opening
#EMAIL#
Range
ok
"oops, it was not possible to open this document. There might be a problem with the file.
Try to sync your e-reader If you are still unable to open the e-reader, please contact #PRS_ORG# Customer Support at #URL#
certain
OK.
Done.
a menu has now appeared to choose the language
Brazilian Portuguese: language
I logged in again and it is downloading the Range book again
I am waiting for the automatic download to finish
entered
I had already done it, but okay, the important thing is that it was registered.
it must have been something that was missing
thanks
Just that, thank you so much and happy new year.
great work
okay, thanks!
After factory reset, the tablet does not start anymore.
When I try to configure the wi-fi the error of update appears.
I already tried resetting again and also cleared the cache but it does not work.
What should I do?
thank you.
Sorry, I don't have an account
I think it's the most simple, the #PRS_ORG#
that
Brazilian Portuguese: yes complete the connection
#7
Brazilian Portuguese: error #7
How can I update through the android robot using the usb drive option?
Yes, I'm on my computer.
and the tablet is connected
Portuguese: nao
I am going to install.
I have him now
Brazilian Portuguese: if the e-reader is the tablet, yes it is
I would like to remind that I gave a factory reset to the tablet
there is no such option
After the first screen where I select the language and press Get started, I have the next screen to configure the wi-fi and there is no option not to configure it
I only have option of Scan, Add Network, Back, Next and selecting some wifi network.
Yes, shutting down now
Reconnecting again.
Brazilian Portuguese: just called and got the message q o #PRS_ORG#ou
What is #PRS_ORG#?
no, how?
#NAME#, thank you very much for your help and patience, but I have to leave now.
I'll try to seek help here another time.
Thank you and have a nice day.
What is your email?
Okay, thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
I purchased a book, paid for it via #PRS_ORG#, but the book is not in my account.
#EMAIL#
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: 10
Yes
Okay.
I'm trying to upload the image
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Okay.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction that I made about 25 minutes ago, I only received this information
I have not received an invoice from #PRS_ORG#
I won’t have access to the book or be able to buy it until then, right?
Okay, thanks.
No.
I'll be waiting for a resolution via e-mail.
I can't open the book that I bought.
#EMAIL#
I think it was the 4th of January
Thank you
Yes, I can not open and read it
Thank you.
I carry the book to open and read it and page goes back to the beginning
It is not enough to open
Yes
Yes in the app of my #PRS_ORG#
Yes
Is not supposed to?
#PRS_ORG#
Yes if can
It's already here
Or rather, I had already done so before contacting you
But I started again just now.
Does not give
Brazilian Portuguese: It still doesn’t open
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I carry it up on top of the book to open it and it does not open.
Go back to the same site as it is in the image
I played it as you asked and it still won't open.
Yesterday night I managed to open it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Today it no longer applies
OK I finished the session
It's already happened.
Thank you
Hello, I would like to transfer my books from the account #PRS_ORG# to #EMAIL# and delete the first email from my account.
Thank you
No merit, #NAME#, the first one.. and they put a #PRS_ORG# in the second one these days for confirmation purposes
Yeah, he told me, but I can’t see them there.
The #PRS_ORG# app
#PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thanks, sometimes we forget to try the obvious.
No, it was just, thanks
Okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook started causing problems again, I can't open any books.
#EMAIL#
Sorry, but what is an e-reader?
I had this same problem with a book a week or so ago.
Use on mobile, #PRS_ORG#.
All the books appear, they just won't open.
In the notebook it works normally.
Hello, yes he left.
I already had this problem with 1 book that didn’t open, it appeared, but didn’t open.
Now everyone is.
Okay.
Cellphone, on the notebook it works normally.
It's alright.
Dear, good evening, I would like to withdraw the card that is saved in my profile without entering another at the moment, is that possible?
#EMAIL#
the dare
then, to me it only shows the option to edit and not delete
Yes please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
for me it only stays this way, if you could delete it would help me a lot
Brazilian Portuguese: only deleted the card, right? #NAME#?
just that same #NAME#, thank you for your attention see you?
A question, would there not be the option of future bills?
instead of paying with the card, pay with a boleto
i will send, thank you very much for your help #NAME#, have a great day
I bought the e-book 'Seminário dos ratos' through #PRS_ORG# on 29/11/#NUMBER# for R$ 11.96 (promotion).
Already pay via credit card.
I haven't received it to this day.
I would like to know what happened and if I will receive the book.
Thank you for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
In my #PRS_ORG# I can't access either because it doesn't appear for me on any of the devices.
It’s like I didn’t buy anything.
The books I previously bought are calmly displayed.
But this isn't.
OK, one moment please.
He showed up.
What happiness!!!!
Thank you so much!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Great end of the day for you.
Thank you.
I bought a #PRS_ORG# shape and the EReader blocked it.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: January of this year
I bought from your website on 24th December the #PRS_ORG# with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# and the device locked.
Do not switch pages or turn off.
I see the text that was on the screen.
It was around 80% full.
Not once as it had so much charge not to overload the battery
Not.
You're already connected
It is already connected and has restarted.
The battery was already dead.
Yes, and it's charging
Good evening, I purchased the book Crónicas e caprichos, but it has disappeared from my books on #PRS_ORG#.
It appears in my customer area, however when I synchronize it does not appear in the #PRS_ORG#.
When looking for the book in the store at #PRS_ORG#, it appears as never bought.
I think when they updated the book edition it stopped being recognized on the device.
I ask for help, thank you.
#EMAIL#
The midnight sun
thank you
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: one moment please
Brazilian Portuguese: still does not show up...
I think so.
I believe it has to do with the new edition
because the book appears in my account on the web browser, but not on the #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
Portuguese (Brazil): a moment please
#NAME#
thank you very much
that's it, thank you very much
Good job and good night!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good afternoon,
I’ve been trying to purchase an ebook on your site since yesterday, but it keeps on showing up an internal server error #NUMBER# at the time of the transaction.
How can I resolve this issue and acquire the ebook?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
the only ebook I have at this moment
Brazilian Portuguese: it is the
#NAME#
okay.
right now the computer
#PRS_ORG#
the error that appears is as follows
Visitor uploaded: erro-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
already
now I'm in the purchase zone
Brazilian Portuguese: had already left
do you want him back there?
okay
i will then add that
I already added.
ok
I already did it!
Thank you so much for your help.
no, that's all it was
thank you so much again
okay, i'll reply
APP #PRS_ORG# desktop says my library is empty, but I have books purchased.
I request immediate retrieval, please.
#EMAIL#
At the moment I don't remember when I bought them; more or less 3 to 5 years ago
Yes
I’ll wait.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
The message says that it is empty.
I downloaded it again but it still gives the same message.
Yes.
Yes.
Ready.
Where is the link to settings?
Do you see? Tem ima conta?
Log in and above there is the help button
I can’t find the link
I understand, but I don’t know how to proceed.
Yes.
ok.
I logged in #PRS_ORG# and it says it didn't find the account
Yes.
Yes.
okay.
Ready.
yes, trying to see.
I accessed the page
I am picking up the key.
I have entered the password, but it did not work
We couldn't find an account with this email or address.
OK.
thank you.
Good day.
I bought 2 books last night but I can't read on my #PRS_ORG#.
I have done the sync but it still has this problem.
Thanks in advance!
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Yesterday night from January 21 to January 22
thanks!
The books that I bought last night are Sapiens: Breve História da Humanidade and O Tatuador de Auschitz
The covers of the books appear in "My Books" but when I want to open to read it appears "Oops!
This document could not be opened!
And said that there is probably a problem with the file.
and ask me to synchronize my ereader but it still has a problem
and #PRS_ORG# already sent the purchase confirmation to my email
yes.
i can open in my telemovel
it's fine!
thank you, 🙏🏽
ok
Brazilian Portuguese: ok.
I'll inform you about something.
Brazilian Portuguese: it still has not finished
Brazilian Portuguese: still has the problem
I am trying again.
Good morning!
I would like to know about technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG# which burned the internal light.
#EMAIL#
22/11
ta bem
I am.
Brazilian Portuguese: so, he is old
Brazilian Portuguese: the light is not working anymore
oh, let me find out
Brazilian Portuguese: perae
: #PRS_ORG# (Quantity: 1)
How do I do that?
that’s good
#NAME#!
if it doesn't work, there is no assistance?
It's okay.
uai
I wrote wrong
excuse me.
#EMAIL#
It's really old kkk
but I say q if I don't pay, can I still fix it?
aaah I understood
I'm fine.
I hope that's the procedure that you learned from zero
Certainly.
Thank you very much for the guidance.
No.
just that
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How to do?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, the Account Settings option does not appear
The page disappeared.
Now when I type #URL#, it goes directly to #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
On the left hand corner is Enter and not my account
The following message is displayed: No account was found with that address......Please check if you entered it correctly
How is that?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do that?
The following message appears: To keep your #PRS_ORG# account safe, we've locked you out after five failed attempts at signing in.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
Brazilian Portuguese: okay
A link came through for me to log in.
Is that right?
Okay.
I created a new password and the message came up saying: We can't find an account with that email address or password.
Make sure you typed it correctly.
That's right.
OK I managed to log in.
Ufa!!
Now I'm in account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria Cultura, click Link This Account?
Back in the #PRS_ORG# and Enter.
When I clicked on log in came: We did not find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you have typed correctly.
I repeated the steps to link this account to #PRS_ORG# and always comes the message above
Brazilian Portuguese: above
How come?
Yes, normal
I've already contacted #PRS_ORG# and they've tried and said that the problem is with #PRS_ORG# and that I should contact you...that's difficult, right?
ok
It can.
Solve the problem.
ok
My #PRS_ORG# does not work, I put it to charge but it does not turn on.
The model is #PRS_ORG#, where can I get support?
#EMAIL#
I don't have this information, I never used the #PRS_ORG#, I gained more, it doesn't work
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
Brazilian Portuguese: by q I understand yes
I put it in the charger, both on the pc and in the socket but it doesn't light up and doesn't charge
not*
Yes, more doesn't work
what other connection, like what?
Is there a special cable that is needed?
sorry, I didn't understand.
right
the light does not turn on
My #PRS_ORG# is the #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C model, it doesn't have an on-off button, it has a different button that slides to the side
My God, it's been a long time
Is there a place that can service that unit?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Do you still manufacture?
Is there no place that does maintenance?
I understood.
There is no maintenance just for that model or for none of them?
Brazilian Portuguese: and still you suggest that I buy another one?
for a product that doesn't assist me if I need it?
I understand, thank you for the information.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
I can see that there will be many people as discontented as me.
TO COMPLETE THE COMPLAINT BOOK
THIS IS BAD IF NOT #PRS_ORG#
I can't buy anything at the #PRS_ORG# store, I've changed my card twice, I've changed my account, I've been to #PRS_ORG# and I didn't get any response. I want to know how I can fill out your book of complaints.
I AM WAITING
NOT AT THE END OF THE PURCHASE SIMPLY GIVES AN ERROR THAT SAYS UPS!
ERROR AND THE PURCHASE CANNOT BE COMPLETED
NÃO IT WAS NOT BETTER TO BE A COBRA DOE IF I DID NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT IN THE #PRS_ORG#
PURCHASE CANNOT BE COMPLETED
NO
ALREADY #NAME#
I will return to do it but I have already done it at least three times
I already did it.
already done it.
I did and I'm doing the same mistake
BUT I DID IT ANYWAY
I HAVE ALREADY CHANGED MY CARD TWO TIMES, AND HAVE UPDATED MY ACCOUNT DATA MANY TIMES.
What does #NAME#?
I am already on the third book that I try to buy and the error is always the same
Brazilian Portuguese: better
but there is a deadline for returning the equipment (which I will do) and for filling out the book of complaints
In the website, but I tried first in e-reder and got the same result
Brazilian Portuguese: did not answer how I can have a complaint book or how can I express my deep displeasure to #PRS_ORG
Where?
In need of help?
thank you
I bought a #PRS_ORG# and after the backup, it's still stuck on the Wi-Fi screen.
Does not accept the network access password
#EMAIL#
I do not remember purchasing ebooks, I only use it as a tablet
this was not a purchase that I made on a trip to Canada 5 years ago
does it have something that can be done or have I lost the product?
I can not get out of the screen, that is, I no longer use it as a tablet
already downloaded on pc
however it asks to call #PRS_ORG#
when I turn it on, it doesn't come out of the wifi screen
not
I entered the app
nothing
Brazilian Portuguese: just the wifi screen
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I guess my case is hopeless lol
there is no longer anything that appears other than the language option screens.
and wifi
in other words
I can't go anywhere.
my computer recognizes the device
Brazilian Portuguese: no
Brazilian Portuguese: It’s ok
thank you for trying to help me.
Happy new year...for you too!!
thank you!!
Good morning
I need help.
I have #PRS_ORG# years and I never had any synchronization problems.
I used it without any problem in November.
I'm not making it today.
It does not recognize my email and I do not remember my password.
I have ebooks pending and I can't sync.
if you can help me I'm grateful.
Actually, I don't know because I had problems with my first email which was #EMAIL#.
The current one is #EMAIL#.
because it was my daughter-in-law who set it up in the first place i believe the password would be #NUMBER#
The #PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to enter through #PRS_ORG# because it also didn't recognize my email or password.
Including my library, which disappeared.
I had many books there and they all disappeared.
I might be going wrong.
I'm #NUMBER# years old and consider myself a computer whizz, but now I'm stuck.
Brazilian Portuguese: kk
It can be
but there you have to help me and guide me
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: if I find you after it's ok kkkkk
Brazilian Portuguese: then use the second email #EMAIL#
would have to be changed there.
my phone is #NAME#
I think it is that number registered
in this reconfiguration I do not lose what is already downloaded in # PRS_ORG #
new account?
And which password
how can I change the registration in cultura?
I tried to talk to them, the phone I have is #NAME#, they answered but when I talked about #PRS_ORG# the call dropped and they didn't answer anymore.
If you have a phone to help me, I will be thankful.
does it have any problem of being different the culture registration with #PRS_ORG#?
Now I remembered that the last time I used #PRS_ORG# was for books I bought at the #PRS_ORG# store
I have more than #NUMBER# books.
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: not yet.
I appreciate your patience and attention.
Have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I'll wait for it.
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# is fading
#EMAIL#
I think it's already 1 year old.
Thanks
His screen is going blank, but it's funky to me. I can't read anything.
Yes it always stays charged I never let it die or dropped it
I left it in factory mode to see if it would return but the letters are so faded that I can't even read them right
I already did.
The screen is still the same
How come?
It responds normally, the only problem is that the letters and images are practically erased.
Hi.
Yes
Yes
Okay.
Not
Yes
I did it the way you said but it did not appear
Yes
It's like it has been turned off.
However you can see the books that I still have
It is even possible to see the affection written off
He is not answering, I think the screen is frozen
You are not answering.
Okay
He did not return
He did not call and it still remains with the background very clear showing the books
Is there anything else we can do apart from what you’re talking about?
Why was it just with the screen with the letters and images faded now after I did what you said it’s not even on
Brazilian Portuguese: It's not working now
It is as if it has with screen rest it doesn't come out of it but it shows a lot of affection for the books and the off but I can't move anything
Now you're warming up a lot
Yes
Would you have any technical assistance in SP?
I resume the following conversation.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I'm taking up a conversation with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Please be aware that if you toggle between applications, lock your phone or switch to another window while you're chatting with us, you may be disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience, stay active in this chat window.
(03:30:#NUMBER# PM) Customer Service: Due to the higher volume of requests, our response time might be a bit delayed.
We apologize for any inconvenience and we will respond to your request as soon as we can. Thank you for your patience.
(03:31:PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
(03:31:### PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thank you for contacting us, could you please let us know the email you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I want to buy a book but I can’t manage to complete the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisbon in Camisa
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Thanks for the info.
I'll be glad to help you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Allow me a moment to verify your #PRS_ORG# account.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thanks for your patience.
(03:36:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I am asking if you filled out your billing information when trying to make your book purchase?
(03:38:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: In a second phase I reviewed (confirming) the payment instructions as suggested to me in the message with the note that the payment was not made
(03:39:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I see that there were some purchase attempts that were not passed.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes when a transaction error occurs, banks should not let you make more purchase attempts.
(03:40:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Can you contact your banks to see if they've added a restriction in our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I will check it
(03:43:#NUMBER# PM)
The last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
Brazilian Portuguese: yes and they told me that there is no problem on their part in making the transaction
OK
Yes, it worked now.
Good night,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I need to press the on/off button to make my device completely turn off?
#EMAIL#
I have no purchases made
I received my device today just
But the sleep mode wastes a lot of battery.
When I first rang it up it had 59% and now it only has 39%
I have already tried what you said, but in neither of the times has it turned itself off.
It's just been suspended
I bought this device because I had always heard about the battery life...
Is it possible that something is wrong?
I didn't upload, I just turned on the computer to import the books.
Before getting started, I read the manuals.
And I didn’t find anything about this on the manual or on the internet.
I believe so but as I said, nowhere did it appear this information.
Sorry but I did not understand
I can't.
I even go so far as to say that it is disconnected and nothing happens.
I repeat, it only goes into sleep mode.
How long?
But I have already told you that this does not happen
This is the seventh time that I do this and it is suspended only
How?
And the battery issue?
And the problem with the battery?
Will I be left without my books?
What about the battery?
The battery problem I spoke about earlier...
What?
But you still don't understand that I never said anything of the sort in the manuals or anywhere else?
If it is that important it should be included in the manual.
So basically I paid for a device that supposedly has good battery durability and which for not having charged the initial 4h, lost that capacity???
Can it take weeks????
The device is new.
And as I've already said, it came with 59% battery (it was turned on at 1pm) and now it's past midnight and I only have 37% and I haven't even used it, it's always been on sleep mode.
I have already restored the factory settings.
It keeps running without turning off.
I charged it for over #NUMBER# seconds and nothing happened, it just went into sleep mode a couple of seconds after charging.
Besides that, nothing happened.
One way or another, it won't turn off
Tomorrow I'll contact the store where I bought it and ask for a new device or a refund.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
Good day
At the physical store of #PRS_ORG# I asked if I could offer ebooks and they said yes that I just had to buy in the website, I would receive a link and then sent the link to the person.
But from what I've noticed, this doesn't happen.
I just bought an ebook and I think it just associates with my account, right?
What is the way to offer this ebook to another person?
#NAME#,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
January 09th of #NUMBER#
Good day #NAME#
The book is a gift, not for me.
How can I give it to whoever I want to give it to without it staying in my library?
Is it possible?
Yes, that's right.
I had bought a physical book in #PRS_ORG# and the person asked to change it to an ebook.
At #PRS_ORG# I made the return and they said to buy at the site where a link would be sent to download the book and all I had to do was to send the link to the person who wanted to give the ebook
But that's not what happened.
Or I do not understand anything about the matter.
Or both ahah
Then there is no way to offer it?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store cash cards right?
In this case I prefer just a refund of the money since I won't use the book and the person has no access.
The purchase was a mistake.
I haven’t even opened the ebook, as you can probably see from the history.
In this case, thanks for returning the payment through the same method
Thank you very much #NAME#
Thank you very much #NAME#.
That was all there was.
Thank you very much.
Will contact be via email?
Yes but if it is necessary for the purpose of this process I can also be contacted at #PHONENUMBER#
No.
It is all
Thank you once again.
Good afternoon. I can't change the password in the #PRS_ORG# account. I would like to do so in order to give access to an ebook that I purchased to give as a gift.
Greetings.
#NAME#
December 25
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 24
Brazilian Portuguese: de dezembro
Brazilian Portuguese: forgiveness
thank you
alright, but this is to give access to my dad to offer the book as a present
The objective is that
okay but i needed a way for him to access it
through log in
through my account with a pass and my associated email
Brazilian Portuguese: no
ok it's ok
It is not possible, for example, to log in normally
ok but then I try
and it is not accepting it, or I must go through the website #PRS_ORG#
thank you very much: L)
I was able to access with this option via #PRS_ORG#
I can't access the books I purchased.
#EMAIL#
I purchased from #PRS_ORG# and can't access it
The courage to be imperfect
I am unable to connect #PRS_ORG# account to #PRS_ORG#
by cellular #PRS_ORG#
that says there are problems with synchronization
I login to #PRS_ORG# and then try to associate with #PRS_ORG#
now I entered via #PRS_ORG# and am trying to associate again
says that she can't find the account
I tried but didn't find either
In the #PRS_ORG# site I soon normally
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try to synchronize it says that the system is not available
hello
but I'm logging normally on #PRS_ORG#  and on #PRS_ORG# I can't associate
I will try.
Brazilian Portuguese: I'm still making changes
We did not find an account with the email address or password you entered.
Check if you typed correctly.
that
the two are the same email
I can log on to #PRS_ORG# through #PRS_ORG#, but when I go through the bookstore this message occurs
but when you go straight to the bookstore website, it works
Thank you, I am awaiting the return
just that
thank you
I have not been able to pay #PRS_ORG# at #PRS_ORG# since January, and therefore I have been unable to buy things as I used to.
My credit card limit is the same
#EMAIL#
Several, High land, joe nesbo's knife, etc.
I lost the connection, or is it checking?
I've already tried that.
my computer
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# site
Which private browser?
I didn't realize, I always did the same way
I don’t even know if it’s possible to buy it anonymously
But how?
I enter the site, I clean my information and I buy?
How do I pay?
A laptop with #PRS_ORG#
I don't get it, am I leaving the website?
I want you to re-register me at #PRS_ORG#.
Wouldn't it be better if we talked directly?
But why?
Can't I do that with my password and email?
I can’t understand it.
First leaving the chat won't lead to verification
I haven't noticed how to enter anonymously, I've never entered
To go to my account, they ask for email and password.
Could it be a mobile phone?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you follow the process over the phone with me, or not?
No, I've never done that.
I want to do it on PC, but talk to you
Our conversation is not going well because I do not understand computers
I'll try again and if it doesn't work well I have to go back to the chat?
Answer what I ask sff
Good morning, my #PRS_ORG# entered the recovery mode, and I don't know how to fix it
go to the page of #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
great #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: he goes to the configuration screen, I can get in with the wifi network, data and time, he tries to do an update, but it always gives an error
about 4 years
yes
is open
Brazilian Portuguese: asks for email and password
I managed to get in
nothing is found book appears
several of them yes
Brazilian Portuguese: the last purchase was less than 1 month ago
it's the same email I sent you
no
yes
I bought through my own device.
I got an email from #PRS_ORG#, #EMAIL#
I will check it.
Sim, what I do
right a moment
#NAME#, I cannot enter with that email, it shows no account found
I tried to log in by clicking on the icon as you said, the option to log in with the new account didn’t appear, I entered again the link that you had sent and it says that no account is found with that email
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
how do I do this
the options that exist are, new tab, new window, and new incognito window
right and then
Do you still have nothing to say?
Dear #NAME#, can you tell me why I am not able to finalize the purchase of ebooks on #PRS_ORG#?
I was with #NAME# in the chat but didn't get told anything
#EMAIL#
Terra Alta
I do not use #PRS_ORG#.
Can I use the #PRS_ORG#?
But for that they had to give me the data for the payment and the situation would not be regularized
How do you verify this?
But I do not know how to check this
And this problem has only started about a month ago.
What will you need?
okay
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
The msg when I try to finalize the purchase is "OPs an error occurred"
#PRS_ORG#, with no message
How can I take screenshots?
I have already read the message that appears and sent before.
It is a laptop with dockstation
Where can this be seen?
Okay.
I’m waiting.
Thank you.
I don't remember my #PRS_ORG# login and password (I can't activate it).
Perhaps there is some old account (I do not remember which one) which was not linked to #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactivate and retrieve my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please, I have no options left, I'm totally stuck
My current email is #EMAIL# (on #PRS_ORG#).
In #PRS_ORG#, I don't remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two books in English essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
Gone with the wind - margareth mitchel
I can't access #PRS_ORG#, nor I can log in the #PRS_ORG# (I forgot which was the initial login, maybe an old and duplicated one)
Brazilian Portuguese: before logging out of #PRS_ORG#, I synchronized several times and it didn't download the last purchase from #PRS_ORG# - so I logged out and I could not identify the old login (and duplicate, I think), nor the new one: by the email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that's the old one - I don't use that email anymore, it was #EMAIL# and it's deactivated.
I need it to be that of current culture: #EMAIL#
I did it now, and it doesn't recognize.
“We can’t find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you typed correctly.”
this is the option I tried.
he does not recognize the account
also did not gave
Brazilian Portuguese: maybe it's better to dissociate the old one, to let it "get polluted."
I like the #PRS_ORG# very much and I intend to use it forever.
Therefore, I opt for 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Did it work?
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you so much!!
For you too, a great day !!
I purchased two ebooks and do not know how to view them?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 14/01/#NUMBER# ebooks Astral Body and Mental Body
I already downloaded on the website, #URL# but I don’t know how to access the ebook??
How do I do it?
Can I start now??
Is the chat going to be down?
Ape
A screen appears but there is no NÃO option.
It is not a configuration screen.
When I accessed the website #URL#, a screen appeared with the message: How can we help?
No, but who directed me was the system I followed what you commanded.
I intend to buy multiple ebooks from that same site.
If we can solve the problem, it would be good for everyone...
That is the screen that appears
You have no option to choose NO.
He downloaded and I chose NAO
Is that right?
I click on exe??
He asks if I can let the application make changes?
Execute #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon has been created.
Opened a login screen and create account that is right??
The system says that it could not find a password or account...
Yes.
It gave as the synchronization was completed
Did you open a help home page??
It is not opening the screen.
The two books appear, but when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open??
Thank you #NAME#.
Good evening.
Good afternoon.
I have a #PRS_ORG# for many years, it's asking for a new setup and I can't.
What can I do?
I need to talk to someone.
Help me please old desperate (67a) Thank you
#EMAIL#
I don’t remember, I was making the purchase The Conde de #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect with the wi-fi, it recognizes it as correct and then it shows a page indicating a network error.
No!
Brazilian Portuguese: and yes, to START the e-read.
Detail: I didn't touch anything and I didn't do anything different from what I had been using for years.
I am a layman in “computer” how do I do this?
How do I begin?
Brazilian Portuguese: I clicked
What is #NAME#?
Transfer what now?
It was done and now?
There were 03 entries: #PRS_ORG#(5) #PRS_ORG#(6) and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the downloads folder
I am a left zero in a computer.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" I think(?)
It opens as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I perform it?
Is running
It has been completed and a desktop shortcut has been created.
I opened the program
Okay I did step 5
I cannot DO ANYTHING and the #PRS_ORG# is totally anarchic.
I am more lost than I was.
I think I got it, I am trying to access the #PRS_ORG#.
I am trying to login with #PRS_ORG# and it does not recognize the email.
I can't, I'm out of patience.
I'm old I NEED TO CLEAR THINGS UP BY TALKING, I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
PLEASE HOW DO I SOLVE MY PROBLEM .HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
You guys don't understand, you were born with the computer, I wasn't.
Their didacticism is great for people who understand IT, but not in my case.
Thank you so much for your, brilliant, attention.
What you are doing is social exclusion.
Greetings.
Want to help me out?
tell a phone so you can call and, possibly, fix the problems of the "blessed" device.
I don't change my opinion: it's social exclusion.
One day you will feel what it's like to go through a similar situation.
I just requested the book Box trilogy the century
And a msg about a problem with the card showed up.
I repeated the purchase 'three times and the same message appeared.
However, my card approved all purchases.
What should I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man who loved the dogs.
Where do I find it?
At #PRS_ORG#?
Why failed?
With respect to these failed requests, will they be cancelled?
#NAME#, can I do this procedure on my cell phone?
I'm not exactly a hacker kkk
Good morning!
Brazilian Portuguese: N
My #PRS_ORG# no longer switches on, I want to access my books through the app, but I can’t remember the password and my email address has changed.
How can I proceed to retrieve my books?
the old email was #EMAIL#
The current one is #EMAIL#
I think it was the Sappiens of #NAME#
this
Brazilian Portuguese: many others
all my books are on this account
look, I buy the books from #PRS_ORG# and they enter #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# has blown up
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was the company I was working for
I don't have that email anymore and when I put in forgot my password, the password goes to that email
I need the password to be sent to my email #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: can you help me?
thank you very much
that would be cool
Brazilian Portuguese: the login email becomes #EMAIL#
and I put forgot the password
What's this about?
that
there, thanks!
am I waiting here?
okay
I can already see it.
We did not find an account with this email address or password.
Check if you have typed it correctly.
I put the password in and this message came up
OK.
ok
OK
worked out
it did not work
I am still without access.
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: it was the quw
hello.
We can’t find an account with this email address or password.
Check if you typed it correctly.
I am logged in with #EMAIL#
I put the password in and it doesn't work
I'll try with #PRS_ORG#
now that it has entered, where do I locate the books?
I'm on the website.
I didn't understand.
Brazilian Portuguese: on the website
I'll try it here
thank you very much.
something called qq is new again
thank you for your attention
Hello, I was setting the billing address but there is no field to define the VAT number.
In this way, the invoice will not be valid.
Where can I define the taxpayer number to buy books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
What am I talking to?
in ingles é VAT number
There is no place to set that.
and to have an invoice it is mandatory to define the portuguese VAT number
OK, and how do I get in touch with you?
Can I send the order to an email address?
Yes, VAT in English is IVA in Portuguese.
I noticed.
Yes, what is your email?
I'm going to buy a book now and I will ask for an invoice.
Portuguese: se nao conseguir peço-lhe a si
Brazilian Portuguese: 2 minutes
I finished the purchase
but I need the invoice now
It appears that in the meantime I'm no longer talking to the same person..
#NAME#, I talked to your colleague earlier because I need an invoice and there is no place on the website to set the VAT number
So I needed the invoice of the purchase I made
I just bought the book "Cronica de paixões e caprichos" by #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: can send the invoice with the data:
NIF/VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: City and Postal Code: #ADDRESS#
Parents: Portugal
Thank you very much!
no, just that
Good work!
Equally!
#EMAIL#
I signed up today.
I intend to make the first purchase now
Hello
I'm trying to make an online purchase but at the processing time the screen gets locked and the purchase isn't processed
is this a chat?
I've already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with a laptop and on a smartphone and even on the smartphone application.
the screen always stays blocked
I have already tried it from the smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and from this portable device of #PRS_ORG#
the laptop is personal
and the smartphone is also personal
I have no idea what VPN is
I have already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with the laptop and with the smartphone and even on the smartphone app
Brazilian Portuguese: if they don't have a solution, Ok
It must be a problem with #PRS_ORG# because I have never had this problem before.
tried
I deleted cookies and similar.
I tried to make the purchase again
is blocked again.
Brazilian Portuguese: must be having a problem
in the processing
credit card
I have already tried it with a #PRS_ORG# and with a #PRS_ORG#
I do not use #PRS_ORG#
considering everything I have already tried the problem should be from #PRS_ORG#
Ok
Okay
Ok
I'm trying
still gagged
Brazilian Portuguese: was blocked again.
Brazilian Portuguese: when I progress, some small bars make a circular movement
indefinitely
How do I get to this "anonymous mode"?
I've never had any trouble buying online.
well... thank you for your attempts
okay, I tried everything but it didn't work
i think your site has a problem with payment processing
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I'm going to buy the audiobook from another site
I am unable to synchronize accounts #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
It always says that the password is incorrect, even though it is the same one I used to log in to the website #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I receive it when I try to log in
Can
I answered the e-mail.
#NAME#
But that happens when I try to link the account
When I go into my account/authenticate account
It opens the login account #PRS_ORG# and says this is wrong
Just a minute.
I am at the computer so it takes a while.
I'm trying to capture the screen
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the option to enter the login of the culture does not appear
when I click to link the account the account login opens #PRS_ORG#
and this error appears
but the login that is giving the error is the one of #PRS_ORG#
I have already seen this error before when I opened the application
Dear sirs, all my books disappeared from ereader, what should I do?
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Another email that might have been used is:
#EMAIL#
Good morning to be born of #NAME#
It is a title: Livro = Good Morning to be Born
This book disappeared along with many others of the more than #NUMBER# books
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yes I just bought to test, but I had more than #NUMBER# books...
Is there another way, #PRS_ORG# found all my books but couldn’t transfer, they asked to get in touch with you
all bought
The possible e-mails are:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL# (I no longer have access)
Thanks...
And now?
Last email, I don't have access to anymore.
I can LOG IN with #EMAIL# but only three books appear, I have to log in with an email that I no longer have access to: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but what about when he asks me for my password?
I have not used that email for many years...
It is possible to transfer funds to the account:
#EMAIL#?
OK I'll wait then.
Thank you.
OK...
OK thank you very much, a big hug...
At the moment no.
Everything is fine.
Thank you very much, have a nice weekend.
Goodbye and all the best...
I bought two books a few days ago on the #PRS_ORG# site, but the book does not open and gives an error message: Opa!
This document could not be opened.
There might be a problem with your file.
(I have already synchronized and restarted the e-reader and it hasn't solved it)
#EMAIL#
Venus Delta (I bought it just a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
The Delta of Venus and The House of Happy Buddhas
I did not find item 5.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would it be the logout item?
I couldn’t find an exit.
Ok
I am definining.
I can't remember the password.
I am going to create a new one.
Then it's just a matter of syncing?
Okay
He directed me to log in to #PRS_ORG#
Ready.
Found.
He's entering #PRS_ORG#
Does this mean that if I buy books on another site I'll have to do the same to be able to read them?
Okay.
To enter automatically only if I buy from #PRS_ORG#?
All good.
I managed to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations on your patience.
Where can I make a compliment?
No.
Good night and happy life.
:) Thanks a lot.
Good morning
I'm having trouble accessing a book that I just bought.
In the #PRS_ORG# program, both on the computer and on the mobile phone, it is not in the library.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: today was the 11/02/#NUMBER#
exactly
I downloaded the application from #PRS_ORG#, have :) #PRS_ORG# on computer and android on smartphone
Brazilian Portuguese: sure
right
the book is already in the library
Brazilian Portuguese: you are making a transfer
yes it seems everything is ok with the book on the android device
ok
yes I have already done that
My books are the library, right?
I clicked the icon but nothing appears
I can't find any profile icon
not...
the #PRS_ORG# logo and a search window
Brazilian Portuguese: no
i am going to send image can be?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Ok =)
I have already installed
and I see that the last book is being downloaded automatically
thank you so much for your help =)
No, that's it.
Thank you very much
Hello, my #PRS_ORG# is not functioning properly, the touch screen is not working.
#EMAIL#
One of the books that I have in the #PRS_ORG# is called 10% happier.
Brazilian Portuguese: doesn’t react at all
he usually calls, is charging but no touch works on the screen
not even with the computer on is it possible to activate any command on the screen
Brazilian Portuguese: certo
okay
only aura
I don't have access to wifi
ok
I can't remove the cover.
Is this the backside of #PRS_ORG#?
a specific cap or...?
I'm trying to remove the cover at the bottom
it's apparently not possible to remove them
not clearer, it's the same message
I am trying to open the back but it is very hard.
I don't want to force things.
sure
What should I do to see the replacement possibility?
he was purchased in #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It's fine.
right
thanks.
I can't open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your app and it still doesn't work.
It says it's synchronizing and won't stop
Good afternoon
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
I only have one ebook.
I bought on Friday
Introduction to industrial organization
Zip code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
what is the profile icon
I've already done it.
The ebook is on my account.
Brazilian Portuguese: It's always been there!
I can't open it
I’ve already done it all and it didn’t work.
To whom can I address a complaint and ask for a return of the money.
A message now appeared saying: Sync is finished.
Brazilian Portuguese: and now?
How do I open the book???
It’s already open.
Very bad service!
No.
Issues with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
endgame
Portuguese (Brazil): the screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes from time to time, it is happening right now, no matter how many times I turn it off and reset it, nothing happens
endgame
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# locks up every so often, it's happening now, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect with the desktop application to make updates, but as the screen is locked I am unable to connect the #PRS_ORG# to the PC
today itself.
spent the morning loading
I'll try it
I am already in the instructions to set up
the problem is that no matter how much I tap the screen, I can't do anything
it seems like the screen sensor doesn't work
correct
No arrangement possible?
unfortunately the #PRS_ORG# is not under warranty anymore
Brazilian Portuguese: it is always when it ends that the problems appear
and a partner, like #PRS_ORG#, won't find?
to be the same or worse (if possible) it's better not to
My #PRS_ORG# is #PRS_ORG#, of those now on sale which one will be the closest?
What discount did he say it would be?
Would there be a deadline for using the discount?
if you don't mind, I appreciate it
When I choose the device I want, how do I receive the discount code?
do I have to contact you again?
OK.
Thank you.
same thing!
Yesterday (10/2/21), I made a purchase of a book and after several times syncing my #PRS_ORG#, it doesn’t load on my device.
Your order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me some advice?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- #PHONENUMBER#)
This above: #EMAIL#
But I have another one that might be in the registry: #EMAIL#
Is there any missing data?
As I received an e-mail confirming it.
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: option #PRS_ORG#?
I did logout and now, when I enter, it says that I must "Log in with #PRS_ORG#" - is this it?
The purchased book appeared, but several books purchased before disappeared.
How do I access them?
These were books bought on the #PRS_ORG# site.
But do I then need to alternate between the #PRS_ORG# login and the #PRS_ORG# store?
ok
I forgot my #PRS_ORG# password and had to reset it - sorry.
I tried to access it and this page appeared:
A #PRS_ORG# account already exists with this email.
Linking the accounts allows you to access all the books in My Books.
- this shows an option to connect via #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG#.
I haven't done anything for now.
Brazilian Portuguese: there is an "skip" option on the page.
ok
Jump?
I understood that it was to jump before logging out and ended up logging in to the #PRS_ORG# account - but I think it worked because it appreciated the previous books and the book purchased yesterday.
Doubt: If I buy again in store #PRS_ORG# will the same thing happen (will I have to switch logins)?
Understood.
Last doubt: is there a possibility of me finding just one item in store #PRS_ORG# and not in #PRS_ORG#?
I am asking this because when I tried to buy the book I couldn't find it at the bookstore, I only found it at the #PRS_ORG# store.
But I now see that it is also listed on the bookstore's website (maybe I made a search mistake).
okay.
Thank you very much for your attention and kindness.
Good morning.
Hey I sent a link request to retrieve my password and until now I have not received anything on the email
#EMAIL#
I bought an e-book today.
09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello.
Yes
I forgot my password.
Yes
What should I do after I join #PRS_ORG#?
Right.
I already got that.
But I have two other doubts.
Can you help me?
Actually, three.
The first doubt is whether if I change my phone, I can reinstall the #PRS_ORG# app, using only the password of #PRS_ORG#?
Or do I need a password from #PRS_ORG#?
The second doubt is this email that I have linked to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was told to create a private email for my personal accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Ok for the first doubt.
My third doubt is that I accidentally removed e-book I bought and can't recover it anymore.
Is it still possible to recover this book?
*removed an e-book
Second doubt: that is why I am trying to log into the #PRS_ORG# site and since I do not remember the password, I cannot change my email.
Can you help me?
I need to reset the #PRS_ORG# password in order to change my account email and try to recover a book that I accidentally removed.
*change
I am on my phone.
Is it possible to perform this operation without a PC?
* without one
But I know my password of #PRS_ORG#
I can only do that later.
Now I am only on my mobile.
What time does this chat close?
Okay.
I will get in touch as soon as I get home.
Thank you.
I cannot shop using a card #PRS_ORG#, associated with my account, giving a server error
#EMAIL#
I am still not able to make any purchases
Did I get disconnected?
None, I just tried to make purchases using the card, which I was unable to do.
The books I tried to purchase are in the shopping cart.
The message, in short, is error in the server, to try again later.
It is the message that before this contact was informed by you.
The Error Server error when shopping with card #PRS_ORG#, try again later.
Your information stated that the problem had already been resolved, which did not happen.
To do this I would have to leave the chat, which does not seem to be advisable.
I will try.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
An error has occurred and this page is currently unavailable.
Please try again later.
Do you want to continue to see this message?
Head to #URL#
I've tried but it does not work because I can't download the image, but this is the message that I receive
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
It was the best I could do
Exactly, with #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with #PRS_ORG#, which I don't use anymore.
I only receive the message when I try to make the purchase.
I already tried buying the books one by one and the result was the same.
Anonymous, how?
I continue to not understand how to open an anonymous window
OK, what's next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, since I am not able to buy at the moment, could you inform me if the anomaly is temporary or if it is just mine or if I need to do anything else?
Grateful
I thank you for all the assistance given and hope I will not regret being a client of #PRS_ORG#.
Thank you very much.
Continuing a good job
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG#, THEY ENTERED MY CELL PHONE BUT NOT #PRS_ORG#, HOW TO DO
#EMAIL#
12th FEBRUARY
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
They are 7 books: Hidden Star, Someday, Behind Your Eyes, Shades of Summer, Remember Me, A Place in Heaven, and The Disappearance of #NAME#
E-reader
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Connecting... Last sync on 29 01 21
It won't leave this screen.
They walked in,, thank you
Yes
Yes.
Thank you for the help.
Perfect
No.
Everything is OK.
Have a good day
Hello.
I have the #PRS_ORG# app on my tablet and I am logged in to #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account at #PRS_ORG#.
Each account has a specific password.
Now I bought an e-book on the #PRS_ORG#, but I don’t know how to download it on the tablet’s application.
#EMAIL#.
In the tablet, I only have a sample of the book downloaded this month.
I made the first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#) at #PRS_ORG#.
ok
#PRS_ORG#
I did that.
In the initial screen only the sample that I downloaded in the #PRS_ORG# store appears.
The ebook bought on #PRS_ORG# does not show up.
As the #PRS_ORG# account is new, the problem could be linking the two accounts - the bookstore's and the #PRS_ORG# account.
Same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a copy in PDF.
Yes, that's the title.
Okay, the book has been added.
Thank you.
Right now I’m all alone.
Thank you again.
OK.
Good day.
I bought a book and deducted it 4 times from my card
ok
Good evening.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 18/02/#NUMBER#
ok
that
In the statement there are 4 transactions
I didn't even get to use the product because the purchase was just made
I would like to cancel the purchase.
Please
The magic of time management
From #NAME#
I can't, because it appears on my spouse's phone
The bank app is not called celular
I am accessing through my computer
I would like the cancellation of my purchase by insured right in the code of consumer defense please
If I change screens, will it close the chat?
I am from the legal field and I am recording everything that is being discussed
If I change the tab will it end the conversation?
If I don't close the conversation, I will try to send it now
Just a moment
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
5 transactions were made.
Two were cancelled and three carried out.
It's the most I can send you
I don't have access to the bank account.
I want a refund for only one charge, not all of them
I do not want the product, as is my right as a customer
Okay.
Thank you
It's great.
Only.
Thank you so much #NAME#!!
Equally!
Good morning,
I just made the purchase of an ebook #NAME#.
When I enter my account, under the option of purchase history, my product appears, but my product doesn't show up in my library... how do I fix this?
#EMAIL#
19 Feb #NUMBER#
ok
If you check my library, you will see that the product does not appear
however he is in my purchase history
I am trying to read on my computer #PRS_ORG#
the other books from my library I read normally
specifically this one "does not appear in my library"
in the internet
more if he appears there in the list of products bought... because it does not appear in my library...
#NUMBER# years
plus what does that have to do...
oh good...
oh yes...
Brazilian Portuguese: I just want to understand
as it appears in my purchase history with you
can you provide me with the product ID on #PRS_ORG# so that I can contact the partner
alright then...
thank you!
Yes it was, but I always buy there
not very thanks!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good day,
I recently purchased a #PRS_ORG# however I am unable to connect it to the computer.
It only begins to charge and no options appear to connect.
Best regards,
#NAME#
yes
I have tried it in more than one computer
Yes
the home page
Brazilian Portuguese: 4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I'm doing what you recommended.
No nothing appeared for me to connect to the computer and everything is the same...
the start page where the symbol loads is shown
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
and continues the same...
Brazilian Portuguese: nothing appears
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try to configure it it says to connect to the device when it is already connected
yes
n.d.
thank you nonetheless.
thank you and equally
Good evening, I am having issues processing the payment.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening, I'm having problems processing the payment
#EMAIL#
No purchases have been made yet.
Hello?
But this process has been done several times
It seems that the information is correct and the transaction appears as "Transaction in progress", but suddenly loading ends and I am back in the shopping cart.
Okay.
I'm currently trying to make the purchase again
The situation remains the same.
System records transaction but returns to the shopping cart
Doing this whole process all over again?
But I just did it
Leave it to be thankful for the help but it seems that nothing really solves
Initially I was doing the process in the application E-Reader, but as it didn’t work, I passed it to the #PRS_ORG# browser in incognito mode
Brazilian Portuguese: And it continues the same
I'll do that and try again
No.
Continue as before
I cleared the cookies and cache and in the checkout I added the payment information again.
continues to go back to the cart without completing the transaction
I am doing it on the #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
On my mobile device I made the attempts via the #PRS_ORG# app
It's okay.
It’s not just that problem
I'll wait for an answer to the situation.
I appreciate your attention
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# stopped calling
#EMAIL#
I don't know
Brazilian Portuguese: the device does not turn on
Brazilian Portuguese: turn on the screen light
the light on the switch flickers and nothing happens
Do not connect the computer
Brazilian Portuguese: it doesn't do the manual restoration...
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
okay, but nothing happened...
I tried it while it was plugged in and nothing happened.
also connected to the computer's usb...nothing happened
I believe this is the email
#EMAIL#
this email must have been it, as the other is professional and I only got it recently
#PRS_ORG#
There are many years
Brazilian Portuguese: at least 5 years
Despite clicking the button for quite some time, it never turns the screen off completely, always staying with the #PRS_ORG# logo.
It never gets black or gives any other image
When I release the button, the only thing that happens is that the button light flashes, the screen lights up and... nothing happens...
at this moment it is connected to the computer’s usb port and I have been pressing the h+ button for more than a minute and nothing happens
Brazilian Portuguese: ok.
How do I make the #PRS_ORG# glo sync with /configure with my computer?
#EMAIL#
I do not remember , it was in stock , but I bought it #NUMBER#
I had to reset the #PRS_ORG#, and now it doesn’t configure by the computer or even by wifi
in wifi it starts and then the error
on the computer it just loads
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it does not recognize the #PRS_ORG#
that
before it functioned perfectly
yes, I tried on 6 doors and on an old notebook
Brazilian Portuguese: he just loads
and I also changed the cable
when I put it in my computer it asks me to download the #PRS_ORG# desktop
just q he doesn't recognise it
I tried now on the desktop, I even created a new account and it asks to connect the cable, I changed the port and it continues to give the same error.
how do I do this factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
he does not leave that screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
if I go back to the screen it asks to choose the language
There's no way I can do the reset like that
okay!
Brazilian Portuguese: so he is on this screen of configuring and it keeps giving a network error and connects to the micro just to charge
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: in #NUMBER#
worst than that he is not, I even tried to put the clip in the reset hole
and hangs on the screen
but thank you for your help, I'll continue to look for a solution
Brazilian Portuguese: okay! just that
Thank you
I bought the book #NAME# and did not receive it in #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: request #PHONENUMBER#-01
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# cinnamon and clove
#NAME# cinnamon and cloves
I can only see four episodes.
Brazilian Portuguese: pre-visualization
ios
Brazilian Portuguese: the book that appears [and PRE-VIEW
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
THE BOOK DOWNLOADED FROM #PRS_ORG# HAS ONLY 4 CHAPTERS, TWO IN THE FIRST PART AND TWO IN THE SECOND PART.
IT IS INCOMPLETE.
Does sign out mean "End session"?
Portuguese: sai.
Yes
Brazilian Portuguese: exit and return
the book gabriela remains unfinished.
leaves
exits
Brazilian Portuguese: I'm saying he leaves,
I'll do it now.
May I?
I logged in again.
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
I did it with option #PRS_ORG#,
I am
I entered with the Livraria Cultura login and the book #NAME# is still not available.
I'm checking.
Brazilian Portuguese: it seems to have worked.
thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: obrigado e tenha felicidades
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: request number: already #PHONENUMBER# and I still can not read it.
Only the sample is appearing, it does not release the whole book.
#EMAIL#
23/02/#NUMBER#
ok
Yes.
always access qdo compro easily
but this time this book only let me read the sample and did not release all the items
#PRS_ORG#
JUST THIS BOOK THAT I BOUGHT TODAY EARLY IS GIVING THIS PROBLEM: THE MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
APPLICATION #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
THERE IS ANOTHER #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Lupa da Alma,  the End of Alzheimer's, Nietzech Today
Brazilian Portuguese: you can.
But what about future purchases, will it happen again?
thank you for the guidance.
How do I do this?
yes
I have already played it.
that the book I bought is not there anymore
can I put it back in the library?
ok waiting
Brazilian Portuguese: perfeito worked out.
Thank you so much for your attention and have a great day at work.
My #PRS_ORG# was reset and bought books (except one) disappeared, as well as PDF files.
How to solve this?
Good day!
The email is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order #PHONENUMBER#
Okay, have a great day too.
There is another email, to which the receipt of the above request was sent to: #EMAIL#
#PHONENUMBER#
Wait a minute, please.
I'm kinda confused, but it's the #PRS_ORG#, which I found in "About the #PRS_ORG#"
found
#EMAIL#
Question: 1. How do I exit the #PRS_ORG# account and where: on the #PRS_ORG# or on the computer?
; 2. how can I log in with a new email?
Sorry, but I am not very familiar with those modernities.
I'm connected to WiFi, but I don't know where I set it up, although I think it's easier on the computer
I'm setting up through #PRS_ORG#
Then I got to a page that says: Log in with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it is visible but nothing happens when you click on it
I'm back now.
How the network dropped, I don't know if you're online
Hello!
I purchased some ebooks from the #PRS_ORG# website but they did not show up in the #PRS_ORG# app.
I checked "my books" within my account at #PRS_ORG# and it only shows the books that I had already acquired.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: today, 27/2, if not, 14/2
Brazilian Portuguese: no
It's okay
THE SECRET OF MY TURBAN
#NAME#
OR   THE DUTCH HOUSE
was another title.
one of them, because none of the ones I bought showed up
It was 6 in total.
All the books I've bought so far have been charged to this account, whether through #PRS_ORG# or another #PRS_ORG# (website)
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: yes, wait a minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, of course.
clear
It is correct.
yes
that
of course, this is the same one
correct
yes
1 minute
No, it's not this one
#URL#
A moment
There is only one more that I bought right after that, I’ll send you the receipt
I received it, thank you very much.
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this
Do you know why you didn’t enter directly in #PRS_ORG#?
They are all available!!!!
Thank you very much!
:)
To empty it?
I didn't understand.
Oh yeah, I understand.
Thank you very much and have a good day!
I understand.
Thank you very much:)
Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive an email to reset my access password.
My email is #NAME#.
I made the order online and the email did not arrive, it is not in the spam or the electronic trash.
I tried to access through the site of the Livraria Cultura and it says that there are two accounts for the same e-mail.
There was an old book in my account that I wanted to get back.
Thank you
It's been a while since I go shopping, a very long time.
The book I was looking for was Patrick O'oneal's, if I'm not mistaken "the surgeon's Mate"
Yes, I tried both accessing #PRS_ORG# and accessing #PRS_ORG# directly.
But it warns that there are two accounts with the same e-mail.
I choose the #PRS_ORG# option in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
That message appears and does not let me go ahead.
I have another email, can you check if it's possible?
Brazilian Portuguese: the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access.
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: he declines the address, "Missing city information".
Brazilian Portuguese: and there is no field to put the city...
Is there any specific format?
Even selecting Brazil first.
A Chrsitmas Carol
okay, it appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
If you can send the request to the upper level to see if they can do something about it with my other account, I'd appreciate it.
Ok, thank you so much for your excellent service.
Hello, I received an email warning that I will lose my credits if I do not pay my #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I already asked and already blocked my account because I have a comorbidity and I am forbidden by the doctor from going to the gym.
How do I do it?
I await reply
i understand, but why charge if my account is blocked.
I got this email
Hi I lost the chat here
Hello, next, as I have comorbidities I requested that my account be blocked.
And in the meantime I changed the card and they tried to charge and they said they'd make me lose the credit
I can not go back to the gym nor to sports by medical recommendation
I need my account to remain blocked
OK, but will the fine be collected?
Brazilian Portuguese: why I can't go to the gym
I need to have it blocked - I can't go into enclosed spaces
Brazilian Portuguese: by medical order
i #NAME#,
Thank you for contacting us about this and I apologize for any frustration here.
You should have received an email on October 29th notifying you that your subscription was disabled on November 5th.
I apologize if this was overlooked!
Given the circumstances, I was able to immediately put your account back into an effective pause for that cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of R$189 was refunded back to your method of payment on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed via your payment method might take a longer processing time.
However, you should see that money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thanks for your patience!
As your cycle date is the 5th of each month I was also able to place your account on a break for your next cycle starting 5th December.
Your subscription will renew again on January 5th #NUMBER# for the 30-credit plan for $59.99/month.
You can make changes to your account at any time directly through your Account Settings.
I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any other questions.
Best regards,
#NAME#.
that email I received when I explained my situation
Good evening.
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello #NAME#, good evening
I took a zumba class at 7:30pm today at #PRS_ORG# gym, but the credit was not added to my gym account.
Brazilian Portuguese: the class will be listed as cancelled.
Could you please debit the credits from my account for the gym?
When did that change?
Because on Tuesday, the same thing happened and they regularized it using #PRS_ORG#.
But the booking was cancelled at the time of the class.
This probably happened because the manager didn't send the link before, but I'm already part of the group on #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened 2x and everything went well by chat.
The school is in a different country from mine, I can't make the financial transfer to the school.
Could anyone help me?
Hello, how are you?
Could you help me?
Could you help me?
another question: if I dont like and cancel it before 14 days free, it wont be recharged on my credit card, right?
hello
I am up to review
Could you transfer by a brazilian attendent?
could I be attend in portuguese, pls?
Brazilian Portuguese: rs
but I want to choose another rate/value....dor less credits
I knos there is a smaller plan which costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Portuguese
helloooo
Just appear an option
for 15 credits
correct
#NAME#, Brazil.
I need help.
Is it that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on my login appers 14 days free
#NAME#, I have been here for a while now and I am not able to solve this...rs
I wanted to reactivate my plan
but it's automatically set to #NUMBER#
and I wanted to reactivate to #NUMBER# 15 credits
Could you help me?
another doubt:
do I have the right to the benefits of 14 days free?
In my login, it appears
I cannot change the cycle
Do you understand?
Brazilian Portuguese: there, #NUMBER# is automatically filled in
Brazilian Portuguese: Yes, you can.
Brazilian Portuguese: one min
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
follows
Thank you.
Hi, how are you?
Will I only be able to see the values if I reactivate my subscription?
Hi sorry.
Can we return to the chat?
Hello #NAME#.
How are you?
I would like to analyse all #PRS_ORG# plans x values
but I can't on the site...
do I need to sign up for the trial for a few days to be able to access this information?
Okay.
Thank you very much!
puts
I still couldn't clear my doubt.
Can you help me?
Brazilian Portuguese: I would like to reactivate
my account at this moment
but only talks about automatic renewal of 30 credits...
I would like 15.
can you see for me how many credits a modability of a gym cash registers?
Brazilian Portuguese: to give me an idea of how much I should sign?
the studio I am talking about is the #PRS_ORG#
can you see that?
thank you very much
It would be a massage session at the #PRS_ORG# gym located at Campo Belo.
our
all of this.
Brazilian Portuguese: rs
And so that I can change the automatic prepayment of my renewal.
I saw that I can have 14 days free and 10 credits...
Can I cancel up until when so that I don’t get charged?
How many days before can I cancel so there is no charge?
hello!
I would like to take a break from my plan.
could you help please?
hello bien
I would like to put my subscription on hold
I have 25 credits left to spend
but I don't want to renew my cycle for now
is it possible to use these credits even with the subscription paused, right?
Great!
and I won't be charged during that period, right?
It could be!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits that I have?
I understood.
I can take a break for R$25, right?
I don't want to be charged R$#NUMBER# from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
then I would like to know the best option so that I can spend these credits and cancel the account afterwards
I am in this page
but the only option is one for R$35,00
the other person who was attending me sent me the following msg
Now that state restrictions have been lifted and billing has resumed, we are no longer offering the 1-month free pause plan as a plan change option in your subscription settings.
However, you can continue to disrupt your subscription under our monthly credits of 0 "credits access + digital" / "digital + access credits" on the monthly subscription plan 0 for R$25 #NUMBER# months.
Can you change it for me so that I only get charged £25.00 please?
I got it!
And then he keeps charging the 25.00 until I cancel the subscription, right?
okay!
If I make this change today, it will not be charged #NUMBER# but 25.00 instead, right?
ta otimo
thank you!
no, that was it!
same to you too!
I would like to know the plans
Hello,
I noticed that I was charged on my credit card.
I have never used it, I would like to cancel and be reimbursed for the months that I have been charged incorrectly.
hello
I want you to immediately cancel the charges on my credit card
I want to be refunded for the months I was charged wrongly
I am going to sue them.
No.
I downloaded the app, didn’t use it and canceled it.
You charged the wrong amount
without my authorization.
i don't want credits
I want them to stop charging
and I want them to give my money back
was charged unfairly
even the app I didn't have any more
I forgot to verify my account before using it less
I never used any class.
I am unsatisfied, I want to cancel and I want the money that was wrongly debited from me.
Yes.
thank you
who am I speaking to?
#NAME#
Besides the prints of this conversation, I would like to record the arrangement made by email.
One week, right?
You will make the reimbursement on February 1, #NUMBER#, right?
I already have a copy.
I want an email from you saying what was agreed upon here.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: saying it cancelled and will refund
Do you have my account?
ok, thank you very much!
Everything is good!
it does not help at all, I will keep the email and receipts.
thank you
Good day to you too!
Hello, good evening.
Brazilian Portuguese: how can I cancel?
Hello #NAME#
Good afternoon.
Do you speak Portuguese?
Any phone number to contact?
I want to apply and have some doubts.
Do you offer personal plan?
Create an individual account (physical person)
Any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - rio de janeiro - Brazil?
I didn't find it on the website.
It's not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
What a pity
Niterói
I am in Brazil.
It appears that it does not, but thank you very much for your attention.
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving unauthorized charges on the credit card
the charge is coming to the card from #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of the card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
there's only one more e-mail
The charge was made on the card #NUMBER#, as sent on the photos.
This card was canceled, but the charge continues to come
To which e-mail address do we send it?
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving inappropriate charges on the credit card
the charge is coming in the card of #PRS_ORG#
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous customer service representative informed me that this email is related to the phone number, right?
But we haven’t taken you into account
Ok, please cancel and issue the refund
provide the refund process*
Just wait then?
OK, the money will go straight into the bank account?
Since the card is cancelled.
But if the card was cancelled, how will the refund be made?
Should I check this matter with my card company?
Okay, thanks.
For now, just this, thank you so much
Good morning
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the trial period
I am fine
#PRS_ORG# charge me after the trial period
Okay
Option 3
I tried to cancel through the app but it keeps giving me an error
In this case, will the #NUMBER# on my bill be refunded?
How do I just change the plan, to #NUMBER# reals?
I would like to refund #NUMBER# real and only use 99 real
It's giving an error
Do you have any phone that can talk to you?
Not yet.
I just want to switch plans, and receive a refund of #NUMBER# real
Okay.
If I choose the plan of 99/month, can I buy individual credits?
In case you miss a class
Okay.
Put me on the lowest plan (99/month) and partially refund the charge of what was launched on the credit card bill
I have been attending a gym but my name has not gone onto the system.
I have made a request for this.
Do you know if this issue has been resolved?
My yoga - #NAME#
Okay.
I will contact the studio
Thank you.
Good morning
We need budget for benefits for our customers.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# is it possible to schedule a meeting to talk about the subject
#NAME#
there is a phone call
how can we schedule a meeting
Good day #NAME#.
I need a budget or set a meeting to discuss benefits for our customers
