Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you by e-mail regarding my PRS-ORG.
My whole team was sold and packages were bought without me doing it myself.
I therefore believe that my account has been hacked…
I have already changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The given email address no longer exists.
to change my login details, I must use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
That's the problem
PRS-ORG
of NAME-F
that is good
Email address: EMAIL
No?
what am i supposed to do now?
create a new account?
close the old one?
I can't find where to do that on URL.
I paid for a book, but did not receive it.
Can someone make contact?
EMAIL
2 January 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated at the payment
He's in between.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
I bought PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, €52 but I can't download them as sound files.
What now?
My e-mail address is EMAIL
Please reply quickly, because I've already paid
How long is a few minutes to you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app, but it doesn't download anything.
If your purchase information had been less flawed, I would have never started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Perhaps you can get the responsible people of the website to delete the information?
That could help me in the future, if I would order something from ng.
Logged out on advice and logged in again, but still can't pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the ereader
if I want to pay I am redirected to payment method which was never the case, very small illegible letters and then it asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale
normally it is very simple to confirm the purchase and be done
so if I understand correctly
delete everything via website first
re-entry and how does PRS-ORG sync
I'm using the e-reader
I'm going to try again for now thank you and if I don't succeed, I'll contact mrgr
I'm contacting you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can't get in anymore)
PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I get that.
account is not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link to do so does not arrive in my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes that is correct.
And then I can't access it, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha! I'll try right away.
Yes, I get it, the entry via PRS-ORG doesn't recognize the account pw combination for now.
I have now requested a new w pword.
It now seems to work.
Yes, everything is ok!
The log-in screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thanks for the help.
Making books accessible!
and close.
I try to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I don't have a download option in my books under my account.
Is this correct?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that be relevant?
It is regarding the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
we only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review, and Delete.
Why has this changed?
This was possible because there are articles about this on the internet.
In that case, the trial period has failed.
I can no longer open the book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
This is about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I am always thrown out.
The other books I can open.
It's just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
!it works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read a good book.
Thank you.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon meanwhile
In the meantime
Very beautiful
I'm banned from PRS-ORG I saw today
What about PRS-ORG points that I purchased from the Microsoft store for PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them they say that I have to contact you.
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's first talk about purchasing PRS-ORG points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
I contacted the helpdesk, in English, but it did not go well.
I can't login at all now, not even after I reset my password.
I've been working with this for years and would now like to continue / solve it.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please. I’ll then see if I can recover more of my game.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but then it doesn't work yet.
I created a 2nd account, it works fine.
Am I sure that my account NAME-N...URL is blocked?
Want to reset again?
yes, after a reset password it worked now, thanks a lot!
I am now checking whether my game can run there too..
But my game is not in there.
Can you help me with that?
Oh I can certainly see my orders in history.
Great, keep looking.
Thank you!!
no, in browser
I can now, thanks again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have subscribed to a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start up this app it gives an error message and does not start up.
When I click on 'try again' I get the same message again.
I am connected to the Internet and all other games do work.
Restarting the playstation does not solve the problem either
I'm also unable to redownload the app
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only that discount I don’t get it automatically now.
In addition, I want to play the 10 hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
I need the PRS-ORG hub for that, right?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get 10% discount for doing so, I do not get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, even though this should be the case
How do I contact you about this?
So on 22 September I can just download PRS-ORG in the playstation store and play it before 10 pm?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to have my date of birth changed
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You have helped me however.
But not your colleague.
I have given a very bad bad review of it.
You, on the other hand, I will give a good one.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is if you can arrange my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
How are you? Thank you.
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah I had that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing yet and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have played many matches already, which is also why I wanted to ask
Because after so many matches playing, it still hasn’t succeeded.
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried everything.
After that I picked up another book and that went well
EMAIL
17 May 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
Yesterday, I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have tried everything.
Afterwards I got another book and that went quite well.
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number it gives is: PHONENUMBER
Thanks for the quick help
It is along side it
No, that was all.
Thank you
I have an ereader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can’t find them anywhere on the e-reader.
EMAIL
yesterday bought first ebook at URL: socrates on sneakers.
I've been trying to get it to work all day on the new e-reader...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean ?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and got an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have already tried different cables and laptops, but it's always the same... it says that the USB device is not recognized and caused a malfunction.
Also, I can no longer perform updates/ synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do something about it?
Thank you very much for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use the account for that
Will that be the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
The e-reader has now been reset, but it still has no contact with the laptop.
The reader states that it is connected yes and it is also charging, but on the laptop it says that access is denied.
USB device not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
I've tried many things (different cable, different computer, factory settings) but nothing works.
read internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
The title of a book is ‘if you are so smart why are you not happy?’
thank NAME-M, also a nice day for you.
I will let you know when I find my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
it's not that
other computers do not recognize my e-reader either
I've already cleared the drivers and followed various advices I found on the internet.
i use the supplied cable, and even tried the cable from another prs-org e-reader.
it’s not because of that either
my proposal is that I send it back because I see no other possibility
I just don’t know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my trust in PRS-ORG has fallen a bit because of this
tried the factory settings as well.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunatly.
resetting USB ports may still work
but contact with PRS-ORG I find a better idea, because I do not have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves.
thanks.
I quickly looked through it, but it is not in there.
The USB ports work perfectly.
I'm contacting PRS-ORG
thank you for considering
thank you NAME-M
No, I'm going to pick it up from PRS-ORG.
have a nice day
equally
ebook
365 days Dutchman was the most recent ebook
good evening.
I will wait.
I already formulate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after purchase.
I have saved these 102 e-books and these are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of ebooks that remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but i do not have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my ebooks that I read through my plus subscription.
So I guess there will also be some DRM ebooks visible on my PRS-ORG?
Hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
And have a great evening!
30% of my purchase within hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still receive a refund
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are a few days further and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need
i spoke with NAME-F last week because my 30% discount code did not work
she indicated that she wanted to make a deposit and then I would receive 30 euro within a few hours
Unfortunately, I have not yet received anything in my account
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, very good.
I am just surprised that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F also promised this.
I actually thought it would already be on my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a broad indication when it will be credited, I'll be more than happy
I would like to see the money in my account and not as credit.
I am completely with and have purchased all new ebooks from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 work days that's clear.
So next Thursday at the latest.
Thanks, you helped me very well and have a nice evening.
Top, I will fill that in
unknown_issue
I see some PRS-ORG recommendations.
Quite often I tap a book and then it says that I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
OK
But I can download other books for free, such as PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
15 books a month.
Must is reading books deleting.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don't see any repair
done
I still pay for recommendations.
I know that everything is not included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is on PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it without any cost.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can’t get it to charge.
It indicates the following: Can't load the saved game.
The game was likely saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer.
but i have not deleted anything
and this for all of my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I'm of course my progress lost.
NAME-F
I try to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get him to charge.
It displays the following: Unable to load the saved game.
Probably, the game was saved with the data from an expansion pack, which is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, I have deleted nothing
, and this applies to all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I will lose my progress.
I don't know if I totally understand it.
I'm going to start a new game then.
Then I go to bed.
But how do I copy the URL file then?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, please wait a moment.
Typing is slow
To play certain games, I must register for a PRS-ORG account.
If I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That's right,  one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So, I can't go on.
What should I do?
The account is automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for your help.
I will try to see if I succeed.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice of UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/numbersup NAME-M.
I wanted to take this NAME-M, of course.
But because I checked his player details first my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
Unfortunately I now also suffer from colour blindness, which makes it difficult to distinguish which pick to mark.
Certainly because I was on NAME-M and it just bounced back.
I'm getting bored with it now.
Yes, there was indeed a confirmation request, but I don't think my gamertag was in that?
I did take a photo to show that I NAME-M packed.
But I do not know if that can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
I just find it very remarkable that I stand on NAME-M, look at his player bio.
Go back and then press X to choose this player, but suddenly the choice changes to Tapsoba.
No it does not matter, although I like to admit that the mistake was mine when selecting and selecting ‘yes’ again.
But by then, the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very sorry
Yes, you can do that.
And what could the consequences of this be?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink from NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also recommended this...I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
It did show there that my subscription expired on the 14th of March 2018....!
When trying to log in via URL, I get the message that my accounts can be linked......
It seems that my subscription has been terminated because the financial data was incorrect... but I don't understand that either, because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit was issued.
Not that I know it, ... in August 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After half a year, I realized I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG… don’t ask me how that could happen… but 1 subscription was cancelled.
I faithfully paid with my credit card each month.
the last entry was on december 14.....
December 14, 2020
So reactivating PRS-ORG on
I am going to try that.... thank you in advance for your help....... if it does not work, I will let you know!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I tried to buy the book PRS_ORG.
it was indeed depreciated, but it is not in my account
Can you make sure that he gets into my account?
my thanks in advance
Okay
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
that must be it
it is in my account
thanks!
I don't have my e-reader at hand
but it will be fine
thanks for the help by the way
no, it's fine like this
Thanks!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, right?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL and the email address of my e-reader is EMAIL.
This last e-mail address is about to expire.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader device?
I don't know that.
I only see that it is listed in my PRS-ORG account.
That is exactly right.
And on the e-reader under settings (i.e. the device) EMAIL.
The last email address will expire soon and should be changed to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, it’s important that this is mentioned on the e-reader device, too: PRS-ORG.
I do not understand.
do I have to log out of the old email address in the device at settings/accounts subcategory PRS-ORG.
What then?
What do you mean by MY EMAIL ADDRESS NEAR?
Should I also unsubscribe under the category of "pocket"?
And now, after revoking the authority with the old email address, adobe is...
Will that be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digibeet
And do I run the risk of losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation e-mail but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did receive this book
Proof of my payment
Thanks for your answer.
These are the two books.
See the photo above
You can see in my account that I did not receive these two books
Date on which the charges will be levied: 7 June 2023
Amount: € 24.98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details on the pictures below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Name of credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book 'The seventh sister' on May 6 at 8:05 PM, but I can't synchronize it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I don't see it in my account of PRS-ORG recruits.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and my previous life as a puppy at home
I can't immediately find the date
Yes
Look it up for a bit.
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I'm going to do it.
I have found the book!
:) Thanks a lot for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
Can you help me solve my problem..
Did you see my screenshot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains grey.
I can't change this, I've tried everything.
when I start PRS-ORG I can't connect to the servers.
I've been dealing with this for a long time now.
That is correct.
I sent you a screenshot with my status.
this remains at grey and not at online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
I bought PRS-ORG packs (PS4) but would like to play them on my PC.
Can that happen, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc.
But I was hoping I could use my account at both locations.
It would be a shame (bad) if I now have to start all over again.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
How unfortunate.
Do you know if that might be possible in the future?
Sorry, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your answer and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wish to sign up now but this is not possible.
The verification code that has been sent is also sent to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forgotten password option but I don't get an email from it.
*not even unwanted
I have already tried that but I do not receive an email about this.
When I try to create a new account, I get a notification that there is already an account at that email address.
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, I can't get the PRS-ORG to install from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (dad) here with NAME-F (daughter)
certainly.
the code is PRS-ORG
Ages ago, I think it was in a toy shop
Newly bought in any case
That's good, I'll wait
I don't think this is correct.
The code has not been sold as a one-time code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, where we can see if the code works?
Because installing on a PC at home has already not been successful.
So we have not yet reached the point of entering the code.
This week, I bought a stand-alone DVD player especially for this game!
I'm going to give it a try.
Will you wait a little while?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That will have been PRS-ORG on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and are not installing the game that we bought new ourselves.
I am now going to hang it up.
If PRS-ORG still had something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I have received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription through URL.
PRS-ORG will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled before renewal, so the reminder is not warranted.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice is one of the titles
I already terminated this, before the renewal.
But now I get a payment reminder for the period for which I had already ended
yes by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
in addition to this subscription, I do not have anything else running
PRS-ORG Reading & Listening, 2021 to 2021
1 time
€ 12,99
but I had already ended it before this period
Oh ok, they referred me back to you
But I will contact them again
Thanks for the effort.
I understand.
No that was it.
Thanks, still working
Yesterday 20 I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid this via PRS-ORG and it has been debited, but I did not receive the ebook.
Ordered by telephone.
But when I log in to my phone or on my e-reader, he is not there, I have gone through all the steps such as turning off and so on
EMAIL
20, and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook I have on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you, my day is going fine
If the person leaves the chat is it gone then?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it !
Super thank you.
Best regards and a very nice day to you
Hello, I have an e-reader of yours since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official cover with it that it automatically goes into sleep mode and it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the cover and put it down.
When I then opened it (it hasn't fallen, hasn't been moved, and nothing has come up.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked weird.
At the top, you can see 'in slaapstand' which translates to 'in sleep mode', then you can see the cover and part of the book in stripes and triangles, and somewhere, in a vague way, it says '94% read'.
Vertical stripes can also be seen.
When I turn it off (15 sec) the tr still shows, when I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going to start, but the explained image at the top remains permanently.
What can I do and how is this already after not even a year??
Hello
EMAIL
And it is according to me a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late reply.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has been turned off and reset multiple times, but this issue persists without any reason.
Good evening, ah that's strange.
I now send it to him as a PDF, I hope that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thanks
Super!
Thank you!
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Is there something else I can do?
The book is here by the way!
:)
Awesome!
Next time I’ll do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
And have a nice evening!
Thank you, and will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account can no longer be found via the login tab
Which is a shame because it really does cost some money
Can this be put back?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M you should know that dude
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes, so you made Knock out city available for free but I paid for it.
Fine so, I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said that I had to contact you.
Yes, okay, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG year after year, but in 2022 I didn't get a PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again but I can't in the web app, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I then be in the web app from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years, just not 22.
you have, hopefully, all the information
Hmm, then my friends will have an advantage because they can use the web app earlier, I doubt I will be able to catch up
hmm too bad there is nothing to do, I will not get PRS-ORG then.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight
My name is NAME-M
I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app since last week, and I can no longer log in.
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that's called that
I log in via Facebook, then it recognises the e-mail address EMAIL
and then you have to type in that code
and I don't get that
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thanks.
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in once a month or?
I will try to do that
Thanks
is well, you are also wished the best.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Uh, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link in my email again, but apparently I had started a new chat.
I had the problem that I didn’t get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have these.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Are you sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserveer nu 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was set on the Netherlands and then the option was there, but it said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I am also from Belgium).
And there I see only the option Reserve
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library for e.g.
21 September is pre-loadable.
But I can't add it.
Is this because I live in Belgium and Belgium has changed certain laws regarding in-game purchases?
Because, for example
In Belgium you cannot buy anyPRS-ORGs because of these new laws.
I just want to be sure that I get that PRS-ORG version because I'm paying
that PRS-ORG specifically for that ..
Okay.
I will see then.
Thank you for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not by a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfer market has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been communicated to your team 10 times, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I please call someone?
EMAIL
This has already been contested dozens of times
Without result...
I really feel helpless about this
Thanks, I really hope you can help me.
Is there any other phone number I can contact?
Translation provided:
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I just experienced something weird, can’t make sense of it.
I log into my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
Is no longer in my library.
how can this be?
True, but I just log in to PRS-ORG and I do see it there.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I have only PRS-ORG, I think, so no.
Oh no, I see I do have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I do not see that
EMAIL
No, it’s all good.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It’s going well, but I feel bad.
My PRS-ORG account was hacked, a strange email address was linked to it and the person sold my players in PRS-ORG and diverted my budget.
I can start all over again now, and I am a rabid amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently, there is a different email address, as shown in the attachment.
I am getting ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had good security with 2 step verification, I have already changed my PSN password.
I cannot enter the PRS-ORG account, not even in the PRS-ORG app
OK.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem.
I did get a phone call, though, that broke my contact’s train of thought.
But now I am present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I didn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke with took care that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I'm still not getting any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just keeps saying 'loading', with a clock
My question is, can you help me to get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs up and running on my account?
EMAIL
In the meantime I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
I know enough then.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you and carry on working!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players sold
I have been waiting for more than a week now and I wondered how long this will continue?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week now, and your colleague said it wouldn't take that long.
Can you check How much longer?
Because I am constantly told that I have to wait but there is no indication of when
1 week was said to be 1 week now
And you can’t see How much longer it will last?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I'm going to presume this for now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being played for me
PRS-ORG
Said
Was never told unprofessional?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case.
So I have to wait another week?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that you have to wait again once you resume the case?
Maybe a point of feedback?
I just have to wait then
Waiting
And do nothing and wait
Ok, bye, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to, and I forgot my password.
I've been logged out of my account, so I can't do anything now.
Could you please change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
What do you mean by confirm?
through the mail or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I just don’t have access anymore to here
yes, that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
to restart
It turns out that the package I received from that sbc was quickly sold
And of course you understand that I would never sell it if it was not tradeable
Yeah I would just like to have my prize from that sbc
I have also added pictures of how the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is EMAIL
or my old one, and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on PC
When I start my PRS-ORG on a pc I always get the message "Secure boot is not enabled"
I tried everything I found on the internet, but nothing helped
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will it last?
because I preordered the game, but I haven't been able to play it yet
I would like to play but I can't
okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I purchased PRS-ORG coins on January 1st, and they were not deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from log in, nothing helped.
I am afraid I have lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
Are you referring to Hoeb?
Okay and then
But they say to contact you
Okay thanks I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear sir/ madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but since it has become crossplay now, I purchased ea play pro so I can play PRS-ORG on the pc
now I want to start ultimate team with the web app but I only get redirected to my PRS-ORG PS4 account. I don't want to use this account this year, I want to use my PRS-ORG (pc) account for ultimate team
now I have removed my playstation account on PRS-ORG which are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app
thank you very much
no, I never played on PC with PRS-ORG, but I am busy preloading PRS-ORG
Okay so this is because I have never created an ultimate team on pc?
So if I do this when the game is released, can I use the webapp fully?
what a damn shame that I’m now missing a lot of coins :(
It's clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question regarding an update of an already outstanding request
It is about PRS-ORG, my Ultimate Team was hacked.
Then there was said to be that a specialist team was going to investigate and that it would take about 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
Now it was just a matter of whether there was an update since I still hadn't received a response/compensation or the like for my “loss”
EMAIL 😊
This past week, it did indeed say every day that the status has been updated and remains in progress.
Of course, I am a bit sick of saying that, but I don't really know myself what exactly still needs to happen or how far along they are in that
I hope so indeed, the urge to play the game has been much less over the past week
In any case thanks for the effort.
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
unfortunately not haha!
i no longer have access to division rivals
I'm getting no access to server at all time
but I created a new PS5 account and this is going well
the same for all my friends, they can also play rivals
I've already done a restart and all the help that's available online.
But unfortunately nothing
and it has been like this all day so I'm not going to be able to get any rewards tomorrow either µ
correct
super!
thanks a lot
I did get a market ban, and I am currently pondering that, but this should have nothing to do with rivals, should it?
Okay so its not weird that another account can get on rivals?
Can I also be banned from the transfer market for that?
EMAIL
ok great, then I'll do that!
thank you in advance!
but should i worry about my divisions?
that is just coming back in order?
are we sure of that?
wow thank you very much!
enjoy your evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was in a chat with a guy and then he disappeared
My controllers provide a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, which makes it difficult to play
I have reset them but that does not help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it hard to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my Windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if I can do anything about this; or if my PC is to "small" for this game.
And whether I could possibly use something from a memory card or something like that, so that the game could play at normal speed.
I look forward to hearing from you, thanks in advance.
I can play the game, however when I play the game, the image is 'lagging', so when I want to turn the car to the right, there is a certain delay.
So you will arrive quicker in e.g.
the guard rail ends up in the right place, instead of on the road
Do you know how I can see this?
Oh, those are pretty high now (you mean screen mode etc?
Oh cool, thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know how to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thanks
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader through synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but the e-reader can't open it.
How do I solve that?
EMAIL
According to me 14th of February
No, February 15, I see.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document couldn't be opened
There might be something wrong with the file.
Try to synchronize and if it fails, contact us
OK, now let's get started
It worked!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday two books bought.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
Got them onto the laptop.
I couldn’t get them on the e-reader.
Then I was completely lost.
Not in these purchases as well.
Discussed this with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no results yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint is doing it.
I also take a look at the second book.
It works, too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Prompt Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I’m going to read a book.
Have a nice evening.
account
That was about half a year to a year ago, I can’t just go back and check.
In any case, a number of books on mediation.
Among others the manual.
Well, I took out a subscription for about a year, 10 euro per month
month.
I don't need that right now, but it is completely unclear to me how I can stop it.
I've been endlessly searching for it several times already.
Yes.
I think that’s very nice.
I might come back to pp someday, but am not using it for a while.
Really nice!
And handled smoothly.
Thank you...
No, that's fine.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took PRS-ORG subscription through PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I can't open them I get a message this document can not be opened what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Ok I will try it thank you hope I get it out
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes, I am a computer illiterate, it may take a while
Great he does thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the little symbol of the light and I cannot get rid of that.
Also can't figure out how to do that.
Kindly assist.
EMAIL
no
It's not a damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something.
That didn't help.
There is also a slash through the little symbol
All of this because a line was drawn through my light symbol?
Isn't there a simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
26th of March 1987, from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I spend a lot of time and money every month
Without message or reason, my PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile is blocked
Yesterday a request was made, but now it says that the request will “continue”, so I’m curious if that is going well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all rewards.
I would like to know if there is news.
I am so heavily disappointed as I didn't do anything wrong, my confidence is gone and I am actually planning to cancel all the memberships and delete everything
I even kept playing, but due to errors from PRS-ORG, I lost the item I was crafting and I didn't receive any FP for it.
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is this the same request as they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long will this take?
I am actually quite done with it, not after you but with the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'm waiting a bit, but my trust is gone.
500 to 750 spent every month and that is too risky for me when suddenly a block is put on it
Okay, I'll do that.
Hopefully they will resolve it quickly
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day as well.
See you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so that I could
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so i should have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it really is like that
i can only not send proof
sorry sir
looked wrong
it's EMAIL
this is him
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I contacted you earlier because my account was hacked.
This has since been rectified.
However, the hacker has been selling players in FUT.
I don’t play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he indicated that he could help to restore this
The hack has sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought it back, but now he has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I'm explaining everything right because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
the e-mail address is EMAIL
I have received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
Yes, my little son plays that.
No, it is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
i just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but then the site sends a security code to my old email, which I no longer use
Therefore I cannot change it
Yes I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but i want to change this to EMAIL
My account does not have to be restored, just my email address please
I received a code via my email, can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Great thanks!!!
Good morning, I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG" on Monday, I see the book in my e-reader, but when I open it I get the message "Oeps!
This document couldn't be opened.
There may be a problem with the file ".
I've done synchronization several times, but unfortunately it doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I could open it, PRS-ORG
correct
download from the site,
repairs, purchase via the site
I'm busy with that now, but it will take a while, I see, I have to look for a WiFi password.
If it doesn't work this way, I'll sign up again.
Definitely, I'll try logging in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can carry on again.
Have a great day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hi, I have the e-reader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't get into her account and want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I don't get into her account.
No-one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So removing information from EMAIL and entering it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't really know what you mean.
So I can't cancel the subscription through her account?
As I can't get in it?
I was able to change it yesterday on the e-reader.
I can’t find this information anywhere now
Or if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire from her account?
Yes can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
That helps me enormously
You are a hero!
All the data can be deleted.
Her account will no longer be used.
Absolutely right.
Thank you very much.
Just fix it.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my PRS-ORG login, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up my login.
I copied the link to the browser but I can't continue setting up nw www, how does it work?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my bieb, I wanted to start with it
ok i'll stay online
exactly
then I come in the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to be able to create a new ww via the link in the email
so I end up in the PRS-ORG help screen, setting up my ww account again
yes i will do just that
done
I have been able to change the ww, thank you very much for that.
now I'm going to look for an overview of PRS-ORG grace ebooks
thanks again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open the purchased ebook.
It is on the device but it says it can't open this document.
rebooted and downloaded it but it doesn't open it.
nor does placing it directly on the device via URL
EMAIL
How can I do this, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
nice
I don't have the option to unsubscribe from PRS-ORG
ok, i did
Purchased and paid for an audiobook.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
Was already the case last time
EMAIL
Today, just the same
I didn't get the last purchase no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay and give my details
Bok van NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great!
Not the first time this.
That is my mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but the person has not received it yet but I have already paid 20 euro.
I still haven’t received a confirmation either.
can help you find out what is going wrong.
EMAIL
The last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that is weird because the money is indeed debited
The number of the description is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it. Thank you, I had a great weekend.
ordered 2 books last night - paid twice due to an error - 2 x 10 euro and didn't receive anything, doesn't seem to be right, please help me with this
EMAIL
The last was 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so February 7
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale for 2 for 10 euro
I bought these last two last night.
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
needs some cutting and pasting
toppie books are in
thanks for this nice service
we're happy again here
No, my day is good again, thank you so much, and have a nice day.
Good morning,
I bought an e-book through the PRS-ORG app last Sunday and now I can't find it anywhere anymore.
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 Pass no.017
Okay thank you.
The book is now on it :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
