Well it is this way.
Yesterday I had an annoying incident.
I had almost 335000 PRS-ORG coins on my ACC and when signing in I only had 776
OK.
Yes, I signed up yesterday with the PRS-ORG app.
Then I was thrown out and when I registered again, the coins were gone
I did not buy anything myself.
I was online via the PRS-ORG app, as I have said, to complete the SBC.
I was then logged out and upon renewed registration, the coins were gone.
Could it be that they were bought differently?
Since I was working where it all happened
That is, it must have happened to my PRS-ORG.
I was at work at the time as I mentioned and I was just pissed off as to where my coins are.
Is there any way to undo it again?
Thanks for the information.
It is a pity that PRS-ORG is useless when it comes to such problems.
But every player should spend as much money as possible on in-game purchases.
That really is an area for improvement.
Looking more to the customers than to the profit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hi, this is NAME-M
There's a problem with PRS-ORG targets.
If you're too good (Season 1 Elite €
the goals cannot be achieved as seen in the picture
So experience is lacking for season progression.
Please automatically evaluate the goals as being completed, should a “better” goal aka div 2 have been met
No, it's about season experience
I am taking rewards again so it is not like that 😂
i.e. do the objectives become unlocked?
Or will we receive compensation because they are unreachable?
Since they do not seem to be able to help me with the current problem.
Anyway, good evening for you.
Good morning, we have a device that we would like to go through the EC cards.
This is not at all possible with our device.
What are we supposed to do?
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment please, I am now looking at your chat with NAME-M.
We currently supervise the clinic, so I am not always on the phone.
Pass that on to the doctor.
My boss is a doctor and she's on duty now.
It will clear up the problem from the main account later.
Thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
I can't buy and sell players using the PRS-ORG App, only through the PRS-ORG.
Please activate this feature as soon as possible. I have played every mode in ALPHANUMERICID and have already completed many games in PRS-ORG. I have already bought PRS-ORG, but without the transfer market in the app, the game is only half as fun. I am paying a lot for the game, and I want to be able to use everything!
That would be great, I don't have to buy any more PRS-ORG without the feature.
Thank you for your help!
I've played every mode and made many games in PRS-ORG.
Can't that be speeded up?
Very sad, that is a pity, because of this the fun of the game is lost.
Anyone can buy and sell players through the app, but not yourself.
What PRS-ORG is doing is really not nice.
Since ALPHANUMERICID bought every PRS-ORG and so one gets treated, it's not nice.
That's a pity, then I will try a little more, let's hope that it works quickly.
Otherwise I do not need the game any more.
Thank you for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
Thank you, I am fine.
My PRS-ORG works fine until easylauncher, then a black window pops up and closes again.
No
I'm not getting in the game at all.
I think it's because the wrong PRS-ORG account is linked.
but I cannot clear this
Yes.
no
not earlier
My PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought PRS-ORG at PRS-ORG but it is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
necrisPhayder69
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help?
Sorry, I had to attend to another topic.
Now I am back again.
Is it possible to provide item data, for example, by CSV import for a variety of products/services?
Yes.
The connection still exists.
Please be patient with my answers, as I also take some time to reply.
I would like to add a multiplicity of articles with descriptions, etc., using csv-Import at once.
Does this function exist?
I would like to add a variety of articles with descriptions, etc. using the csv import at once.
Is this feature available?
The emphasis here is on "large number".
It's about migrating from another system
Thank you for sharing
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
I have a device lock because I supposedly violated the rules.
I would like for you to cancel it and that I can at least try to start over.
I would not know what else to do with the game.
I can't play PRS-ORG with a new acc.
I want at least to start over and have a chance.
The other accounts can remain blocked.
EMAIL
I would like the possibility of creating a new account and starting anew because otherwise, I wouldn't know what to do with the game if you understand me.
521160
No I haven't received an email from her team.
I would like NAME-N.
Otherwise I would wait 45 days.
When you cannot do anything against it
The paper roll is not recognized.
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I'm going to put you through to one of our support staff now.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, it’s nice to see you again 🤖 How can I help you?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, I did not understand that.
NAME-M, could you please reformulate your question?
The included paper roll is not recognized.
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll check.
I will now join your conversation with NAME-M.
no proof is printed
Yes.
Error report - printer has run out of paper.
Create a new role and try again.
Everything has already been done!
We only connected the device on Friday.
Is brand new, and today the printing won't work, because it doesn't recognize the paper.
It is the original roll that came with the machine and is not recognized.
The contents in the packaging were not recognized either!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I hope for them too.
Um. I've got a problem.
I asked a question on the DSVGO page yesterday and I haven't had an answer yet.
How long does something like this take
Exactly.
The sanction is unjustified, which is why I would like to request DSGVO information because I would like to prove that I have not violated the guidelines.
Ok, then I'll have to be patient.
I just hope that this will be cleared up.
I put a lot of money into the game and also put in a lot of effort to earn the players for myself and command them.
Okay, I'll wait until I get an answer.
Ok thanks in advance for the help thank you too
Accidentally PRS-ORG cast out
Yes, thank you, and I hope the same for you.
My problem is this:
Yes, thank you, and hopefully you are also doing well.
I accidentally banned a player when I completed the PRS-ORG.
May I know the email address of your PRS-ORG account?
I bought a voucher for PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG on the 20th of December as a gift.
I have already contacted PRS-ORG and they have referred me back to PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, the PRS-ORG have not landed in the account.
According to PRS-ORG the code was activated via the account, but unfortunately the PRS-ORG credits were not added to the account to this day.
Can you see that?
You've redeemed the code and don't have an PRS-ORG game?
I did PRS-ORG.
And when I tried to make them part of the team, my controller fell and I pushed it away.
I received an email from PRS-ORG with the activation code for the PRS-ORG.
I clicked on the activation link even though I don't have a PRS-ORG or an account
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I help you?
Hey, we have taken over the PRS-ORG store (pizza)
and the predecessor used PRS-ORG and my question is how can we modify that?
The problem is that the data from the predecessor, I have none.
And I have to change it as soon as possible because of the EC card payments and
Do you not have a hotline?
unfortunately not from the predecessor
We basically have to sign up all over again
or what is their idea
ok and how or where do I do that
and how does it look when, for example, the pizza driver has to take the device with them?
ok, thank you, I'll try it, if I have any questions I'll get back to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
The same goes for!
I spent 2x 20€ on PRS-ORG on 31.10, but I never got the transfer.
No I would like to get either the 4400 PRS-ORG or get my money back.
I bought them, but I didn't receive them.
But the money was debited from my bank account.
Through the PSN Store on the PRS-ORG
1
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:20:05
2
Purchase 31.10.21 at 02:23:56
I have both receipts.
Hello, for a few days I can't complete my purchases.
How can I fix the error?
EMAIL
That must have been on 3.01.
type in the credit card number again?
Unfortunately, it didn't work.
No, my patience is done for today.
I have something else to do.
Perhaps I will take another system.
Schade was always very satisfied.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
Since yesterday, ALPHANUMERICID no longer starts.
Instead, a black screen will be displayed.
12 at the bottom.
I have already checked if there was a block, but my record does not show any.
Correct.
The game will not start even though it started fine before.
The system is a PRS-ORG S
EMAIL
It also did not work for my two sons.
They have different email addresses, but are linked as children under my account.
I will try it and get back to you.
I purchased PRS-ORG to use the advertised cross-play in F1 22.
However, you cannot play together with PRS-ORG users.
Therefore, I am requesting a refund and cancellation of the subscription on NAME-M.
If that is delivered, then I will gladly become a customer again.
EMAIL
I am exchanging information with other ALPHANUMERICID drivers about what you have done again instead of letting everyone enjoy the new car.
Otherwise I'm doing well and I thank you for your inquiry.
How was your day?
Do they annoy many people?
Isn't it miserable for PRS-ORG to constantly have to help people with problems?
NAME-M:
A bouquet of flowers is always something wonderful.
Green represents the color of hope, right?
What will happen next?
I didn't want any more.
I wish all the best to you and your mother, thank you!
Good evening NAME-M, I just had a chat with NAME-F.
I have explained my case to you and you have sent me a code (to verify me) by email so that you can forward the problem.
When I came back to the page of PRS-ORG the chat had disappeared.
Here is the code if you can use it in any way.
179608
My name is NAME-M.
I just chatted with someone who I think works for PRS-ORG, NAME-F.
Yes I know that, it is about my brother who is eleven years old, that is why I am contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Yes I know, it's about my brother who is eleven years old, that's why I'm contacting you.
His email is: EMAIL
Visitor • 8:31:31 AM
Can you help me?
But my email does not contain a 6-digit code.
What do I have to do now?
ebook
I loaded a title about PRS-ORG over Onleihe onto my PRS-ORG - unfortunately, the PRS-ORG says it is not authorized for it
I have performed the authorization as usual in advance.
A title is "An Immoral Special Offer."
Yep, I'm using it
I
I will try it again and otherwise I will report this case again separately
Thank you very much.
Unfortunately, this hasn’t worked out again. Who can I turn to?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you like to tell me your first name?
I have a problem with the web app.
Will you help me?
Those with PRS-ORG trial access cannot use the web app
This is the message I get when I start the web app.
why is that?
my PSN account is:
rs19-07
Do you also need my PRS-ORG email?
All clear, thank you.
Thank you, that is very nice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
NAME-M
I am rather annoyed at the moment.
I just chatted with one of my colleagues, and after I followed his advice, I am not able to even access my PC anymore.
PRS-ORG has issued an update.
Now my normal password no longer works
It did, yes.
But now PRS-ORG doesn't start any more and I don't have any access to the PC any more because it apparently now wants a PRS-ORG password, which I don't have!
I had previously a number or.
Numeric code
Now I can't even enter to pay
Out of a simple problem a huge problem has become!!!!
Damn it again
But I don't have the NAME-M
Is lost together with my note of passwords.
Alex that can't be true!!!
All just because of the excellent tips from his colleague!!!
Thanks a lot
What nonsense is he telling me then.
That could take forever again
Yes.
Forward me to the appropriate PRS-ORG service!
Hello, and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is, how can I help you?
Hello, I bought a PRS-ORG PRS-ORG and it is locked
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and that it needed to be replaced.
Right now I am on the road and do not have the device with me.
I will have to get back to you.
Thank you very much.
Otherwise, I have no further questions.
I'll get back later when I can read the serial number.
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Good morning.
My email address has changed and I would ask you to update this, so that I can change the login data and also have a copy of the invoices sent to me.
It will now be called EMAIL
Exactly.
It was EMAIL before and now it is the one I have indicated above.
And my webpage is now URL, but I can change this for invoices etc. myself.
My concern is that I can change my login data and again receive a copy of the invoice.
Yes I am, it took a while to write:-)
I have sent an e-mail a few days ago but have not yet received an answer.
but I write one more, thank you so much :-)
Thank you.
No thanks :-) Have a nice day!
Kind regards,
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen,
I purchased several PRS-ORG on 01.01.2021 and paid via PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, there was a problem when I paid through PRS-ORG and now the purchase amount has been double-billed.
I ask you to check it and refund.
Best regards, NAME-F
EMAIL
01.01.2021, one of which is "Bloody Fetters"
But I did receive all the books, since I was asked to try again in my first order.
But I do look forward to your feedback.
Thank you for your effort
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how may I assist you?
Hi, I would like to not return the first ordered Sum up.
I order the PRS-ORG for this.
First question: at the PRS-ORG I can enter the amount on the terminal and don't need an app for that, right?
Second question: how does the return work?
Exactly the air I want to send back.
After that I order the PRS-ORG.
Sure, it will take another 10 minutes for me to be back by the device.
Will the NAME-M not be lost?
Not, that I have to start again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
I am fine
I would really love to play PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, my PC has no CD drive, however.
Is PRS-ORG available for download somewhere or will it be available for download on PRS-ORG again one day?
Does that mean that I can never download it again?
What if I purchase games at PRS-ORG and then install them on a different PC?
Can I then store it in PRS-ORG and download it to my other PC?
Or is there absolutely no way?
Okay then I’ll have a look... perhaps one will find a possibility.
Thanks anyway!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG on the Series S yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I bought and downloaded PRS-ORG from the series s yesterday.
However, I did not receive the 4600 PRS-ORG.
Where are my points?
I would like to have the points that were promised to me in the version?
But why don't I receive them from the 27.?
OK.
Thank you!
I wait.
I am annoyed that I can't start playing at PRS-ORG without points.
I cannot buy any, and I do not wage my own wars.
I just want them to come as soon as possible.
Otherwise, the preliminary access doesn't help me
Fine.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hey NAME-M here
I just wanted to ask what's the problem... I've been playing since the release + early access on PRS-ORG / PRS-ORG and the transfer market (web app/companion app) is still not unlocked... There must be something wrong... I really need it... Best regards
and YES i actively play Squad Battles/online vs others more than 10 matches per day
Yes, exactly.
yes, but I have been playing it for 3 weeks
how can it be that it is not unlocked again...
play every day actively
Something is not right here.
if I am not activated within 1 month, what happens then?
can they then help me further?
Is it enough to play on PRS-ORG (same account) or do both need to be actively played, both PRS-ORG as well as PRS-ORG series x?
Thank you!
have a nice day, I really hope this gets through soon.... really stupid system, you have there with the "unlocking"
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
Thank you, it works, apart from you can help me, and that's why I wanted to reload the web app 12k points this morning, ALPHANUMERICID, unfortunately, I clicked ALPHANUMERICID in the heat of the battle.
Now I want to ask you to transfer these 12k points from ALPHANUMERICID to ALPHANUMERICID.
After all, that's ALPHANUMERICID 😢
That would be really amazing and great if you could do that.
I play since ALPHANUMERICID... If you are interested about my age, I am 46.
Yes.
PRS-ORG 5
Is the platform
NAME-F, you saved my day and I am eternally grateful to you.
I will check in the future 3 times what I have clicked on.
Have the points already been transferred?
Okay, a moment please
Great, thank you very much ❤️❤️❤️❤️ the points are there.....
Hello and welcome to PRS-ORG.
My name is NAME-M, how can I assist you?
Hi NAME-M, we have problems with our PRS-ORG device.
We are unable to establish a connection to a mobile network.
We have restarted already, taken out the sim card and put it back in, different locations, but it doesn't work.
However, it is possible for WLAN.
PHONENUMBER
is eliminated...
starts again
After logging in, I logged out and now I'm looking again.
connected to the wlan
it works
also with the mobile radio network
Can you tell me why it works now?
So that we can avoid the mistake.
We have had the error since yesterday and suddenly it works again???
Thank you very much for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Thank you I'm glad of it too
On PRS-ORG yes
This is not the problem.
I can log in to the servers without any problem
But when the audwhl of game states comes and I press ok, my game is probably zoomed too close
So I cannot detect anything.
NAME-M then I am curious, thank you for your help
No, otherwise it's just put me off
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I drew the Otw card last night and unfortunately found out afterwards that I shouldn't have done that.
But honestly, who bothers about the small print when you're moving house.
I bought the game at an extra high price.
And of course, I want to be able to take advantage of my benefit
In any case a new pack is coming.
Do I not have to worry?
Very nice.
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have changed the club name in Goals.
The task is also completed, but the name of the club has not changed.
To be exact, it is about the short form that you see on the top in the game.
Email: EMAIL
PRS-ORG account RufusNasedo
Or the PRS-ORG account is also RufusNasedo.
I think I have confirmed it.
I cannot be sure.
Is there no way you could still let me change it via Support?
Typical of the company's customer service, but thanks anyway.
That's all there is.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
I've already chatted with a colleague of yours.
My game does not start anymore after the update
I am "NAME-M" after all ^^
724742
Your colleague just sent me the email. This is the code.
which exactly?^^
EMAIL
well, after the update today, the game no longer starts
PRS-ORG opened and wants to start, but does not
graphic driver reinstalled the latest installed
play fix
no more
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello, on the Desktop App PRS-ORG, I was shown that I will receive 4600 PRS-ORG with the heading "More PRS-ORG", when I buy PRS-ORG, I bought it and did not receive any points.
EMAIL
and
julianlawi870
Thank you.
Did you write a message?
I think that I have received one, but I don't see a new message in the chat.
When do I get the PRS-ORG?
I have the normal PRS-ORG version and I just finished the PRS-ORG abo
I only have the normal PRS-ORG version
but I was indicated that I will get PRS-ORG 4600
Can I cancel PRS-ORG so that I get my money back?
Alright, I'll try, dnake.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello!
I unexpectedly received the message that the login is not possible while logging into PRS-ORG.
I can no longer log into my account and the email for password recovery is not sent again.
*will
Please, it would be EMAIL
118850
If the code is
Okay, thank you very much!
It worked.
Thank you!
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’m NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Good morning.
When will beacon ALPHANUMERICID?
Payment 36
2,579.91
NAME-M
When exactly will the amount 2579.91 be paid out?
I have not received the money
Only the last sum of 43 francs was paid out
43.83
So I do not have the money, they have to check not me
Yes, I do.
But I did not receive the amount of 2579.91.
Hello,
I bought the PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately I can’t buy any books from you because I only have a PRS-ORG EC card.
Can I also give them a direct debit authorization?
EMAIL
So far I was not able to make a purchase, as I could not pay.
And of those payment options, none of them are for me.
As I have said before, I only have the option to pay via my Sparkasse EC card or give them a direct debit authorization.
Even transferring money to them would be possible.
Too bad, so I have to send the purchased PRS-ORG back again.
Only those who accept one of the payment options I listed.
I would also like to thank them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Max
Good morning.
I bought PRS-ORG and can't access the PRS-ORG Web App
Not NAME-Mimal, "NAME-M" is my name!
I have only played PRS-ORG and further older parts.
PRS-ORG no
Do I first have to do a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG?
However, the web app has been running for 2 days, so I see a disadvantage in that, until 27.09.
To get access to PRS-ORG
Where are you from?
Their grammar is not 100%, but since I am already older, I can often derive the meaning.
Thank you very much for the help.
You too
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
we want to enable PRS-ORG
we would like to unlock PRS-ORG
NAME-M_TEXT:Besides, only ask me one question at a time, so that I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
You can help me to help you if you phrase your question briefly and clearly, for example, "How can I change my email address?".
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I am now putting you through to one of our support staff.
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I didn't understand that.
NAME-M, would you mind if I restated your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment, I'm looking it up
Let me in on your conversation with NAME-M.
We would like to unlock PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG as APM.
Yes, thank you so much.
Great, thank you very much for the info.
everything else works perfect
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for reaching out to PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
I saw that my transfermarkt app was no longer working this morning, can you provide me with information?
It says I got an email but unfortunately I didn't, that's why I am contacting support.
Yes.
I've been buying and selling players through the night to earn coins so I can improve my PRS-ORG
Could it be that I have done too many actions?
EMAIL
Like how you look I also purchase from PRS-ORG store regularly, of course, I am no bot or anything
And unfortunately the only way to get better players is to use the transfer market
All clear, thanks for your time :)
I hope there are some good news.
So that I can start the game again with joy. 😊
Have a nice weekend NAME-M 👍
I can't install the game Battle for Middle-earth II
As soon as I reach 68% I get the message that the file CS01 is corrupted.
vp6 is missing.
I just have the Retry and Cancel options.
I need to start the installation again to do so.
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I am still waiting for the error message.
Yes, it is currently at 68%.
I'm still waiting for the error message.
"A problem occurred when trying to transfer the file 'E:\data\movies\Credits_with_ALPHANUMERICID' from the media.
Do you want to retry copying the file, or cancel the installation?"
(I installed the game in English)
Not at the moment.
I'm trying out the feed solution.
In case another problem arises, I will contact you again.
Thank you for your help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
If I press the right stick on my controller to the right to pass to the right
And then the ball goes off to the left for the only free opposing player in a three metre radius, what exactly is the word for that?
>Otherwise, I certainly would not have specified it as a game PRS-ORG
Again, in understandable German please
Your sentence just then was a total accident.
What exactly were you trying to tell me?
Yes, the situation that I described to you.
Do you think about every answer for at least 5 minutes before writing?
“The situation you referred to is a technical bug!”
Yes, I believe that as well.
But the same bug occurred last year.
I also reported that to you.
Among others in your PRS-ORG
And then it was made clear to me from your PRS-ORG_rephii that it all has its own legitimacy
And may it be so among you.
One of you both doesn't seem to have the truth.
How can I return the PRS-ORG card reader?
Returning the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions concisely and unambiguously, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT:Also please only ask one question at a time, so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
Would you like to return an item, or is this regarding the status of a return or refund?
{ChatWindowButton:Return device,Return status}
NAME-M_TEXT:Okay.
I will now forward you to one of our support employees who will take care of the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
A moment please, I'll look it up.
I am now listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Hi NAME-N, thank you.
We bought a PRS-ORG device to try it out at a stand, but would like to give it back again.
Can you help me?
Within 30 days we would like to send it back.
We bought it on the 28th.
Unfortunately, it is lying at home.
Then I will have to look again when I'm at home.
Thanks, I will do that.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M.
Thanks for your help:)
All is well, how are you?
In my Simpsons game, the quest to unlock “Fleet-A-Pita” does not start. The quest should be called “Investors”.
Exactly :)
Oh, no.
I don't yet have a NAME-M.
Then it will certainly be due to
Thank you so much for your quick help:) Have a nice day:)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hey!
My name is NAME-M.
I'm missing the pre-season PRS-ORG rewards.
I earned them in the PRS-ORG version of PRS-ORG, but have yet to receive them to this day.
Gladly.
My ID reads: NAME-N
I changed my name a few days ago.
My old ID is: NAME-N
Thank you!
What exactly do I need to do now?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Unfortunately the PRS-ORG Legends game is currently causing me problems.
For about 2 weeks, there has been
80% of game rounds.
The other players, both enemies and teammates, are lying.
My figure was not my own.
And when I finish a lap, I can't get out of the game anymore and have to start the application again.
What can be the cause for this?
The internet connection is working without problems.
I checked out all the links and we have already tried everything.
For example, they changed the DNS server and tried it during less busy times.
In other games, it works with no problems and single rounds work with no problems.
Could it be the server?
The PRS-ORG is connected directly to the router by cable.
ALPHANUMERICID Cable with GBit capable router.
The length is 5 m, the cable was laid 3 days ago so the fault could be excluded.
Ok, I will report the error.
Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Hi, my name is NAME-N.
One moment please, I'll look it up.
I am listening to your conversation with NAME-M.
Good day.
I got kicked out of the chat with your colleague
I have a question.
I have tested PRS-ORG bills and have gone too far.
I can no longer delete the invoice, but I would like the test invoice to be deleted so that I can start with 1.
Can you delete the invoice for me?
It even says "test invoice".
I have to get rid of them.
no booking results from this.
this was a test where I overstepped my boundaries
No payment takes place.
I just entered it as a test
but then it's as if I have paid
This is not right
Can't you just set my "cost area" to 0?
Nothing has been done yet.
Then please close my account and I will set it up again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
I wanted to log in the PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
Unfortunately, no verification code was sent.
After trying to sign up using another device, the password I was given would not work.
I tried to reset it, but this is not possible either.
Can you help me please?
What do I have to do to use the account with the EMAIL address?
Perfect, thank you so much.
Unfortunately, nothing arrived.
893361
So I will be getting another email with the password I will be using, right?
What code?
Which I sent to you?
The number code?
It works, thank you!
I set up a PRS-ORG account many years ago with an email address that only serves me as spam.
Visitor • 4:11:15 AM
Unfortunately I inadvertently opened a second account with a different e-mail address.
Visitor • 16:11:39 English: - Joint venture and investment
I would like to combine these two accounts, because I otherwise always have to change
Visitor • 4:11:55 AM
The first account is on EMAIL, the second account is on EMAIL
I would like to let everything run over EMAIL.
The account with EMAIL may be deleted after all games have been transferred.
Could you help me with that?
On which mail address did you send the code?
On which email address did you send the code?
I didn't get anything there.
I am trying to check the spam.
Very good
Visitor • 4:26:00 AM
Thank you!
Visitor • 4:26:02 AM
Is there any other way?
Visitor • 4:26:53 AM
So from the same on PRS-ORG?
NAME-M_TEXT:Also, please only ask one question at a time, so that I do not get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hi NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you the best if you formulate your questions briefly and clearly, for example “How can I change my email address?”
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:One moment, I'll connect you.
NAME-M_TEXT: Okay.
Our Support staff can change your email address for you.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment, please, I'll check.
I will now listen to your conversation with NAME-M.
The new email address is:
EMAIL
Many thanks, I received the confirmation e-mail
Thank you, for today everything is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Good morning.
I have a problem.
I was blocked on the transfer market.
Alleged coin dispensing.
Which it can not be.
I pre-ordered the PRS-ORG and have already invested 400€.
I have also changed my password.
Hello?
Are you still there???
ID: Ostwurst
Email: EMAIL
Ok.
I hope the sanction against me will be removed!?
I'm not aware of being guilty of anything!
Yesterday evening I was still in the game and things were still under control.
Also I have done the parking transfers.
This morning I wanted to see the transfers on the app and the notification with the blocking and the message about the coin delivery came up.
I can't understand and can't figure it out!
That is why I am counting on your help very much.
I immediately changed my password early this morning.
I had the same problem last year with PRS-ORG.
Then I was hacked and banned from the market!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
I have wanted to play Battlefield for years and have now switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
When I started to play, I received the message that I have to renew my password.
I did this, but I still can't get into the game.
You always get the same notification - Change Password.
I can register for PRS-ORG.
However, only via the e-mail address and if I want to log in via PS Icon do I get again Reset password?
Exactly.
Then the notification to renew password or error with PRS-ORG always comes.
Despite password resetter
Thank you.
My email is EMAIL, the same email for the PS.
OK.
I will look into it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-F,
I have bought the ultimate edition from PRS-ORG22.
I received the 4600 PRS-ORG, the rental player and the dead item
The OTW item, however, is missing and, despite logging in and out, did not appear in my account
Can you help me with that?
My first name is NAME-M, sorry, I read that wrong
The email address is:
EMAIL
Thank you for the information, then I am reassured!
Thank you!
That's all, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you. I'm fine.
As for you?
I have the problem that I can't download the German commentary language from PRS-ORG.
I always get the error message that the item is not available.
ALPHANUMERICID error
I'm glad to hear that.
Yes, I would like to.
:-)
Thank you for the info.
I used ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG.
I can also select the language to German.
Only the comments stay in English.
The contents themselves are already in German.
But I would like the comments in German.
Ok, thank you very much.
I will try.
It is my pleasure.
Thank you and have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
hi
I was told that I could use my token in one hour, it has been 2 hours and it is still not working.
but how can that be, my colleague said a token is assigned to me
I lost a token because of a game error??????
How is it possible that I can't get a token?
I even have a clip
why are they saying something different now compared to other cases?
I saved a clip about how to start the enemy and then the game closes
And I get defeated
it's not my internet but the game
Yes, because I had no other choice.
But as I can see, the colleague in front of them has incorrectly written everything down.
I am getting two different explanations from you.
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
Just a moment, please, I'll look
I'm now attending your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, my PRS-ORG device no longer functions the touch screen key to "Pay".
And you can't turn off the device, because it is the same touch screen button.
I have to look quick to see what it's called.
PRS-ORG
exactly
the lower key does not work.
for over 3 weeks now
ok.
No.
Hello I am NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I am doing well so far :) I just have a problem with my PRS-ORG.
And in fact I cannot buy a PRS-ORG because I get the error message "A problem has occurred at the PRS-ORG checkout.
Please try again later. "
is coming.
Exactly, that's right.
I am trying to purchase the items on the PC or in PRS-ORG.
I tried that, as well.
However, this doesn't work out either.
It says that I should earn the right to access the transfer market.
But I was able to buy PRS-ORG without any error message a few months ago.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello rohan my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing fine, and of course I hope they're doing well too.
I received a transfer ban this morning although I don't have anything to do with it. I have a trading list with players that I sell more expensive and that's where the players just go for more expensive and today I got a ban
But when I go to my ban history there is no email
If there is no history there and I have not received an email explaining why I have been banned.
Because that message really shocked me, since I have an enormous amount of fun playing PRS-ORG.
Yes exactly, I can not use it anymore
Of course, that would be very nice since I also won NAME-M a while ago, which allowed me to improve my team.
And now I am locked out, which is very bad because I had a lot of fun playing.
EMAIL
Yes, that would be very nice.
I have to get back to work now, is it somehow possible that I can reach you again?
I just leave the customer chat open
My phone has a fault.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-N, I’m NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unambiguously, for example “How can I change my email address?”.
NAME-M_TEXT: How can I help you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please also only ask me one question at a time, so I don’t get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry, apparently an error has occurred.
NAME-M_TEXT: One moment, I am going to transfer you to one of our support staff who will take care of your issue.
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I'll look
Now let me listen to your conversation with NAME-M.
Chip reader works.
However, when it says put the card in, the card is not read.
Problem has existed for about a month with the PRS-ORG device.
I have several customers who pay with the card.
So, I have had the problem with multiple cards.
Unfortunately, not at the moment.
Since I am not at the business.
I am happy to
Thank you.
can you also be contacted by phone?
No, thanks.
They were really helpful to me.
Wish you a good work day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
NAME-M
I have a problem in a game since today.
the problem in need for speed unbound has been around since today.
The camera in-game shifts so much that it's impossible to play.
no changes have been made.
A day before everything was running smoothly.
i can play this game.
But since today it is unplayable with many bugs.
The camera moves for no reason while playing.
No, I don't get any errors.
During normal game play it suddenly appears.
Okay sounds great.
Thanks for the help.
Unfortunately, this bug makes it unplayable.
Have a nice evening.
No thanks.
Thanks for the nice support.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
NAME-M
yes, I'm doing okay.
I hope it is also for them.
I can't get in the pro clubs in the PRS-ORG version.
What can I do?
at my store it says loading data for the clubs...
How can I proofread?
check
I'm just a club.
are
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello here is NAME-M
Unfortunately, I have not been able to find a way to provide tips to the developers.
That is why I am reporting here, because the situation in the game is currently unbearable.
The big problem in PRS-ORG at the moment are cheaters and smurfers.
I have a good solution proposal for this.
Who can I send this to?
I would very much like to wait for that.
Thank you very much.
Thank you so much.
And you have a nice day,
NAME-M_TEXT:Alex, Riley’s NAME-M, Blair’s virtual assistant 🤖
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
One moment please, I will look at it.
Join me now in listening to NAME-M.
Good day NAME-M.
We are PRS-ORG customers.
We use the following email address as our contact address for the purposes of this contact form: EMAIL.
This email address will be no longer valid soon, because we cancelled the subscriptions.
Therefore, we must change the email address as the access to PRS-ORG.
Can we do this ourselves?
The new e-mail address is: EMAIL
Payment reports should also be changed from EMAIL to EMAIL.
We have done that already and we hope we have got it all right.
Can you at least examine this?
All clear NAME-M.
Thanks for the help and a great day.
Best regards NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M I am NAME-F
Yes I had a great day today, I hope you did too.
I was just about to start my PRS-ORG when an error message came up saying that the game could not be started.
Initialization error during start up.
When I try to play, I get the error message: Cannot start.
Initialization error during boot {DEVICEID:DEVICEID:PHONENUMBER:DEVICEID}
I have already repaired the game area 2x
I just found out it had to do with my virus protection.
Sorry for the disturbance.
Thanks for your help anyway.
Stay Healthy NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Played draft, single player and 2 v 2.
I had an error message and I was kicked out of the game, then I'm back in and my draft is over after playing.
Ok and what do I do now that it says Reward claim after a game
The second time.
The first time was the first draft, and it seems to have happened because of the player NAME-M.
Yes it was
There was something about a system error, and then I was immediately disconnected from PRS-ORG.
I immediately reported the disturbance by clicking on the message
Should I withdraw the reward and then will I still get my draft token?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hi my name is NAME-M
I have a problem with my order.
I bought 2,100 PRS-ORG via the PRS-ORG store for €17.49 yesterday, but to this day I have not received it.
What is the reason for this?
Yes, you may.
Do they need something from me?
EMAIL
PSN: Bleroelmero
Yes, I already did that.
I also tried to check in the webapp if the points have already arrived, but without success
And where should I send it to them
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with PRS-ORG.
But when I sign up, I am supposed to confirm using my old number (ending in 277) and not my new number.
In the PRS-ORG account is my new number.
And I also do not have access to my old
I would like to log in to PRS-ORG to redeem various bonuses
Yes
As I said, I can't log in at PRS-ORG, because I should verify myself with my old mobile number, which is no longer in the account.
It's about the PRS-ORG account
I want to sign up for PRS-ORG and then confirm via my old cell phone number at PRS-ORG.
The problem doesn't lie with PRS-ORG
Somewhere in the settings of my account, my old mobile number is apparently still there &amp; I should verify myself via this one
My email address is EMAIL
I have already registered my new number in my PRS-ORG account.
Even when signing up with PRS-ORG I could verify myself with the new number.
Only when signing up for other pages, but not me, I'll try it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hi I'm NAME-M
I had 300 PRS-ORG and used them to obtain a draft token.
When I tried to start the game, the picture just hung and it was all over.
So I had to restart the game.
Afterwards I noticed that my points and the tokens were gone.
This is not the first time that something like this has happened to me!
What should I do now?
There was nothing wrong with the connection, my connection was also okay.
But that does happen from time to time in the middle of the
I am simply unsubscribed from the servers although internet is there.
Yes my email is EMAIL.
that's fine, I have time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I submitted the case of my hacked account at 9am on Tuesday with the case number: #PHONENUMBER.
How long will it take to process the order approximately?
It would be extremely important for me to receive my coins back.
I'm fine and they?
EMAIL
SGP_Lauefer_97
I hope the ID is written correctly, I'm not sure at the moment.
Am glad they're having a nice day so far!
Okay, everything is clear, thank you, I'm looking forward to a timely processing.
Hello, I am NAME-M.
Thanks, how about yourself?
My problem is this:
Since approx.
I have been unable to start an online game in PRS-ORG despite PS+ for a month.
I have probably tried hundreds of times, but every time I start a game I get kicked out with the message "connection to the opponent has been interrupted".
I have contacted PRS-ORG customer service, but my problems remained unsolved.
Now I wanted to ask if you have any other ideas to solve my problem...
Okay, thanks, of course, that's fine!
Yes, we are still connected.
Sorry that I have not written for a longer time.
Thank you for initiating the problem solving steps.
That sounds great!
Should I try it right away if it works again?
Visitor • 12:23:38 AM
Okay, thanks.
I'll try PRS-ORG.
No, that's all.
Thanks, and have a great weekend.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can you tell me your first name?
I was on PRS-ORG before, and they couldn't help me.
I preordered PRS-ORG and I also bought PRS-ORG so that I can lock the game for 10 hours.
I've already logged in several times, emptied the PRS-ORG cache and also uninstalled and downloaded PRS-ORG again.
I have been waiting for more than 2 hours for help and have now come to the point where I would like to have my PRS-ORG subscription refund.
However, I am sure that it should work at some point.
Please continue to review it for now.
What do you want to say to me with that?
Yeah, well, I would like to as well.
or they return the 4 euros to me and I wait until the 27th.
I have no desire to waste more time.
yes well, if I am not able to play this game even though I paid extra money for it, that would be very nice of you
If the problem can not be solved from 2 people from support.
Okay, then please refund my money if this is no longer being worked on.
Okay thanks.
All clear email arrived, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
Wasted 3 hours thanks guys
nah, all is well, that's enough.
No, I don't like it
Visitor • 8:10:40 AM
Why do I get such crazy enemies with mbappe Zidane and slles?
Visitor • 8:10:55 AM
Give me normal enemies at my level, please.
And why do I have such a huge momentum in my soiel?
I am 2 meters in front of the goal and hit the post.
Now the game is still hanging.
Digga give me my money back, and in the video I'm also breaking the CD
I've been playing PRS-ORG since I was potty-trained but what is that supposed to mean?
My account was hacked, a few players of mine were sold and one was bought expensive and sold for the repelling price.
The players that were absent from my team were Alan on the position ZM, NAME-M and the goalie, NAME-M
I immediately changed my passwords after that.
But I would love to have the players back again.
And I've changed it now
I am unsubscribed from fut
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M!
My name is NAME-M
I'm doing quite ok after a long day of work.
I hope you are doing well, too.
have the following problem: today I have completed the PRS-ORG target, which is the Winter-Wildcard daily login.
Today I completed the final sub-goal with SBC after 19h on the app via the mobile phone.
After that, I wanted to pick up the 10x83+ pack for today's registration as well as the reward for the overall goal, the Winter Wildcards Player Pack.
There was a message, however, that the PRS-ORG was deleted.
I then looked in the shop.
However I didn't receive either pack.
What can you do now to check it?
EMAIL is the email.
ALPHANUMERICID is the username
Okay, thanks for the information!
Then I will wait for a little while.
Thanks for the information and a nice evening
No, thanks.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
Return the device
NAME-M_TEXT:Moreover, please only ask one question at a time so I don't get confused.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, your virtual assistant 🤖
I can help you best if you formulate your questions briefly and unequivocally, for example, “How can I change my e-mail address?”.
{ChatWindowButton:Send device back,Status of the return}
NAME-M_TEXT: All right.
I will now forward you to one of our support staff, who will handle the return of your device.
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
One moment, please, I'll see
I'm joining your conversation with NAME-M right now.
Hello,
I would like to send back my 3G device
PHONENUMBER
Thank you very much.
No that was all :) thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Would you like to tell me your first name?
Hello I am NAME-M and just fell out of a chat
PHONENUMBER
Hello
Okay, thank you.
Could you see what that number was for?
I think my concern has been addressed!
Thank you very much to you and your colleague!
Thank you and have a nice evening both of you!
No, thank you!
Ciao!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Can you tell me your first name?
I asked again on Thursday and got this number PHONENUMBER
I hope you can help me and I am here right
I'm NAME-M
I just wanted to know why I don't get the pre-order packs anymore, I received them on the PRS-ORG 4, I had pre-ordered the x-factor version.
And I changed to the Playstation 5 3 weeks ago, but I haven't received these packs.
It's about NHL 22
What do you want to know?
I have just received this number PHONENUMBER
I have the same account with PRS-ORG 5 as with the 4th.
And when will this happen?
I can't play with the PRS-ORG version anymore now.
I hope that this works in some way and sometime, because 100€ was a lot of money for it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you mind telling me your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M and my question would be why I can not pre-order PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG.
it worked with my friends but I had this problem that it doesn't work
since you can pre-order PRS-ORG
In other words, for quite some time
if you pre-order it in the game you get a discount of 10%
Okay, then I'll try it this way
with email settings?
ok I activated it.
Do you know how long this might take?
No, that would be all.
Thanks for the quick help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Good evening, I just wanted to ask when can PRS-ORG for it be downloaded to play?
Is it possible that it already goes on Wednesday 00:00?
Yes that's me, I have even pre-ordered the 99 euro version
But is there any way to find out, because I would leave the download running overnight.
I have taken an extra vacation for PRS-ORG
Okay, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-M.
Would you tell me your first name?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-F.
I bought the game "PRS-ORG Middle Ages and Pirates" through PRS-ORG a few days ago.
The medieval installations worked smoothly, however the pirate one did not.
I have now waited for a few days and wanted to play earlier now I can't open the game.
And I don't know what to do.
I hope you can help me.
Thank you.
I could only see PRS-ORG.
under download manager, piraten download is finished
when I go to my game store it says there to play PRS-ORG medieval games and "new expansion ready to install"
then I click on pirates to download, but it doesn't work.
I will try their link now and come back if it doesn't work.
thanks for the chat and your help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
NAME-F
I have 2 accounts that actually run under the same email address.
One for PRS-ORG and one for PRS-ORG back then.
The normal registration via email will take me to my PRS-ORG account, which is ok so far, but it doesn’t link to my PS account.
Then I used the same email to register via the PRS-ORG registration and my account is linked to that of my ex-boyfriend... how in the hell does something like that happen?
We never connected it at the time.
I'd like to delete the link from his account and add it to mine.
If I enter my registration data, will I end up on your account?!
If I enter MY registration data, I will come to HIS* account
Exactly.
Unfortunately, I can't uninstall it.
NAME-M.
Then I just have to write to PRS-ORG again.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
My name is NAME-M.
Will you tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
And now I have this problem that I have pre-ordered the PRS-ORG, but I did not receive the 4600 points
and, yes I do have that problem that I preordered PRS-ORG but didn't get the 4600 points.
EMAIL
Today is the 27th, so I wonder why they're not here.
I'm already in PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG22.
I do have access to it beforehand.
Most of them have already received their points as well.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-N.
Can I know your first name?
Hello NAME-N, my name is NAME-M
I finished a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG mode, unfortunately I did not receive the reward for that.
It was about the Basic Icon SBC.
I finished both partial tasks but unfortunately didn't receive the Icon Pack.
Exactly.
How do I get my reward?
About 20-30 min
And after 24 hours my package would then be there?
I will do so, but I did not receive the package
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help.
My name is NAME-F.
Do you want to tell me your first name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, my game doesn't start again... I've been here today.
EMAIL
I am a bit frustrated..
Yes, it is about PRS-ORG.
the game is not starting
no the game does not start, once, I could start the game
No, not at all, if I press "games" PRS-ORG is briefly minimized and then maximized again.
Nothing else happens.
I already do that
Hi, it works again, thanks!
