Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion even before I could answer
Ok.
I just told you that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG will send the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a receipt of purchase
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you just now
The invoice number on PRS-ORG website is:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official reseller PRS-ORG
So you are affiliated with them.
that is why you are the most able to handle this reimbursement
Yes, but since you are an affiliate
you can manage that for me
yes
I will inquire with them and get back to you if necessary
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to get started?
Hi my name is NAME-M
my problem is that my account
was linked to my PRS-ORG account
While I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on my PC
yes it is
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
or recover my team PRS-ORG Companion
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello
I just started a "fut champions" match and the match is stuck on the opponent's team
I can even send you a picture
you are the
nn
I was playing a match for the champions, and the game got stuck on the opponent's team.
EMAIL
for info, I'm still on the match with the opponent's team, I don't want to leave the match for fear of losing the match
but if I leave the game, will I not lose anything?
it's good, I didn't lose the match, have a nice day
Thank you for your help.
Hello,
For two days, whenever I try to make a purchase, I can't access your website.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: the confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: l'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone, in general.
Then I synchronize on the reader.
Except for the audiobooks that I listen to on the phone
The devil!
What is it then?
Good.
You're going to think me very silly, but until just yesterday everything was working.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to find this VPN?
I'll try to do what you are advising me.
If it does not work I will come back to you.
Good evening.
Best regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
This morning I asked one of your colleagues to recover my account.
I reset my email, everything's ok, everything works
I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
and I have to communicate this to an adviser apparently
As I am very afraid of losing access to my account again, I am panicking a bit
yes I'm just wondering why they are asking me this since I've already got one to reset the email and everything is now working
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid it will reset my mail again when I don't need it
So thank you, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello all you there. I had an account problem, my game code was already used, so good that I found the correct account, but the problem is that I want to install it by downloading it, not with the CD, because I don't have too much internet and a bad connection, so it's a pain
how do I get him to install it from the CD?
because of that I have 1 day of download
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
I download it directly
without entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer, so when I opened my account and went to put in the CD, it wanted to download it
or its so he wants to download it and install it
yes my it takes 1 day of download because of bad connection
I want to install it from a CD, and not from a download
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to assist you in your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I wish to receive emails from you in French and not in German.
is that possible?
besides, I've received emails saying that my account has been verified, but 3 months later..
yes
I have a French language on my dashboard.
but I receive all communication in German
yes
great, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a short while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How do I find that information again?
I wanted to go back to remember the price but it was impossible to find the information again.
At the moment I'm on the support page.
(everything is written in Italian, which doesn't help much, haha)
OK, very well, then I'll place a new order!
That's all for me!
Thank you for your help and wish you an excellent day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we downloaded all the documents
thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration and it doesn't work anymore
yes I have to download it again
I just made it
I answered the email
please do something fast
that's a big loss for us...!
for you too..
ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
hello
I made an application for a change of BIC and I would like to know when this application will come into effect?
it's a professional account for a company
yes I'm still here
I'm contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand.
how should i proceed in this case?
I sent an email on Friday to EMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I did not make
You have just paid 21,00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Auto-rejects for PRS-ORG **** have been disabled.
You will be able to reactivate them during your next purchase from an PRS-ORG retailer.
Nn
I do not remember
My son had the phone maybe it was a payment for a game?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection problems.
The "Mobile 3G data" connection type has been enabled, but even when we move to the office, the connection does not get established.
Moreover, the battery level changes from second to second, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to get a new terminal.
Could you please do what's necessary?
Thank you for your cooperation and best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be billed?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your effective and good collaboration
I thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by e-mail at EMAIL or by phone at PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and best regards.
No, this is perfect just like this.
Thank you very much!
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello,
yes
I have a problem with my transfer limits
I need to send €158,100 to my notary
for the acquisition of a plot of forest
I just learned about the ceiling levels
for the time being, I have €59,975 in the account that I would like to transfer to the notary as soon as possible
I am referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
in addition, I am expecting €100,000 on the account that I should have received
these days
and I would have to make a second transfer of 98,125€
I can give you the call from the notary's office to prove all of this.
Yesterday I wanted to send 59,975€
14 June 2022 at 19:49
Yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 credits because you can't code a game
I launched a draft in the 1st round 0 minutes into the game my opponent was bluffing and I took the pot
My first name is NAME-M
an angry user
Yes, in the meantime, Aji even drew up a draft to see if it was me who was lying
hey?
But is this a joke??
you are useless, in fact, you are just incapable, like every time I have to deal with you
it's always the same thing, fuck me well, I can't do anything for you
so I must deco 1h of game and I would have perhaps a draft token??
So besides getting fucked I'm not allowed to play the game for 1 hour?
you are geniuses keep it up you are on the right track
yep as usual there is nothing to do but thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, “How can I change my email address?”
”.
Also, to avoid confusion, please ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer still hasn't arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Okay
Unfortunately, I am unable to access your payout frequency.
You can, however, access it from your account settings: URL.
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Okay, thanks.
So for today or tomorrow it is like this?
Yes
Ok, I'll wait then
Everything is fine, good courage to you
I would need a panel for my living room
NAME-M_TEXT: So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: For the more complicated ones, I’ll put you in touch with a human.
display showing the PRS-ORG
I wish to speak with a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I’m sorry NAME-F, I didn’t really get that.
Could you restate your question, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I would like to know if it would be possible to receive a small label with it saying that I have a PRS-ORG
And my clients can pay by bank transfer
no
it's not her
when i'm in the market, I had a little sign that indicated that here you can pay with a credit card
but I had it stolen at the last exhibition
I would like to know if you could send me one
a display
Please
if possible 3 who can get on my stand
not those who stick together
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no it's nice thank you have a good day
Hello, the payment links don't work
So, what can I do for you today?
In order to avoid confusion, please also make sure that you ask me only one question at a time.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?
”.
Remote collection
I'm sorry about that.
Could you please tell me what kind of transaction it is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a Payment Terminal,Using my Payment Terminal,Remote Cashing,Using my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can arise for several reasons.
In order to find out which one applies to your situation, I will put you in touch with a human colleague.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment feature doesn't work, it's asking me for a terminal each time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it didn’t work, so I created a QR code with a €300 balance.
I don't understand why the links do not work
Can you tell me why? I have no answer.
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake
Thank you very much for your answer and reactivity
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I'm contacting you because PRS-ORG has removed 950,000 credits from my PRS-ORG ultimate team
For reasons that I don't know, because the credits I had were earned thanks to players I got in packs, I sent the pictures
And by speculating.
I would like to retrieve my credits, it's a huge amount!
I'm appealing the punishment!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I've never done anything illegal!
And everything else I'd earned myself.
And PRS-ORG took everything away from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, nothing shows up
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never broken any PRS-ORG rules
Yes, I appreciate it, thank you, as it is a huge amount!
Thank you
So, I shouldn't do anything?
I'm just waiting for an email response?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half my credits
I sent you photo evidence before starting this file with you
I do not know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Thanks, so here I am, I've encountered a problem for the 2nd time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
in fact, I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (i.e. money) so I decide to start a match
and as soon as I am partially disconnected,
surely cheaters
but this is the second time since I've been drafting
and I'm beginning to be fed up with being conned like that.
I would like a refund of points
ok, thank you.
no problem
They tell me I am not eligible
I have just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you cannot fix this problem
then you're going to reimburse me
I paid
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
this is not normal, players of your game are losing money because of cheaters
and you don't pay it back?
find a way to reimburse me
I will not leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription to PRS-ORG
I also play on pc via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it is already valid on the Playstation
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
in conclusion, the problem is PRS-ORG
is the PRS-ORG subscription multi-support?
if i have a subscription via p^laystation, it should be valid in PRS-ORG?
Or not?
no you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but is more valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy New Year 2021,
I can no longer access my PRS-ORG account online. The password reset doesn't work and, when I enter my PRS-ORG user ID, it tells me there is already an account with that ID.
On the other hand, since my reader, downloads are normal.
Can you help me?
Best regards,
EMAIL
no, as I can no longer access my account, but I just found 2 small invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my e-reader at the end of December 2017.
Thank you
45000
I receive it and it works; my last 2 paid purchases are from February 16, 2020, and the amounts are the same as those on my statement.
I'm good, I just logged in with Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your homepage.
Case solved, thank you for your help, have a nice Sunday.
Merci, just a suggestion of purchase: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but in the new paperback format that has just been released, so less expensive than the large format that came out in 2018.
It's fine with me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
it is impossible to play the PRS-ORG game
impossible to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas hello and thank you for your help
it has already returned a first time the game PRS-ORG. today it tries a new one it is the same
we tried it on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one s consoles with no result
yes
I also tried to reset the console to factory settings, but nothing happened.
Update failed 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
when I go to manage the game on update there is none available
yes it's been 4 days since we've had this error code
There's a problem with the update and when we try to put the game back on the console it crashes
ok, thank you
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-N, thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I emailed them to have an email address "employed" removed so I could reuse it on another account.
Your colleague answered me that it was not possible, although they had done it the day before for another address.
I have not received any follow up to my 2nd message.
So I should hear something soon?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thanks.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human to take care of it for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert, I can't make an online payment
transaction failed
Your file upload request failed or was canceled.
it's really urgent, if possible, to solve the problem today, thank you
No, thanks
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
As usual every month even though I recovered my twich prime pack
I did not receive it in game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the address EMAIL
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS premium account, I have the feeling that every time there is this issue of two distinct email addresses
Well yes I made the recovery request and it said "successful recovery"
so the problem is with you, not me
And in the previous months, the person I had via chat generated the pack for me
in that case I think there's a competence problem
I didn't log in to the console
Only on the app.
ok, thank you
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
via chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday at around 11:00 PM all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID and my registry card yesterday around 5pm.
My extract from the trade register
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
The terminal is needed this morning.
I uploaded the documents to my profile as a direct application.
Yes
OK, I will call you back at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be adjusted?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to assist you with your situation
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if we could buy the sum up 3g without the printer
because the price is very high
i want a second pro quart
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
and?
nothing
Hello, my latest book, "ces biens essentiels", is defective.
It becomes unreadable towards the end: superimposed characters and accents in the wrong place.
It is too much hassle, I am asking for a refund, thank you.
I resume this chat that I started too late on Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"essential goods" of NAME-F
I don't know if this book is deformed or if the problem is only with my e-Reader...
I can take pictures, but not right now.
In my case it's on page 294 but that will vary depending on the size of the font.
In any case, it's around 75%.
Willingly because in that case I am not available for more
That works for me perfectly, thanks
Thank you, good end of service to you
Glad to see you again, NAME-F!
speak to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
hello NAME-F, a customer paid me via the link but I don't see the payment
URL
but with a debt on his account
yesterday
It is written accepted on my transactions... sent on my links... but not paid
Ok, thank you, how come it wasn't immediate like usual with payments via link?
in theory from the payment I get the notification of the transfer
things have changed?
reconnect to the website and not the app?
ok thank you
good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
Last night I started a session fut23
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my online draft team
At the start of the 1st match, the change never happened
After 30 minutes of waiting, I turned off the console and turned it back on
The game tells me that I left the game, so I lost my token and now I have a handicap in future games for abandon
Can you fix this?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thank you for your feedback, I tried it last night.
But the app tells me I am not eligible
I must say this is quite scandalous.
I spent 2 hours on the game for this.
Yes
Thank you.
I'm waiting to hear from you soon
platforms
I haven't made any purchases and I have no audio books.
I bought my e-Reader in September.
Yes, thanks
since yesterday I have been trying to add books from my adobe to my eReader.
But it keeps telling me I'm not allowed.
I removed all my permissions and then re-enabled them, but nothing changed.
i followed all the steps I found on your site, but it does not work.
the error message that appears on my eReader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights maangement (drm).
after enabling your reader before, you must re-enable it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is allowed everywhere on my computer as on the reader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I've had my eReader since September.
in December I contacted you for the same matter.
that, in one year, this is the second time I have this problem.
I love my e-reader, but when it causes me problems like this, I have no desire to recommend it to anyone in my entourage.
if I follow your steps I will lose my connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I uninstalled Adobe and revoked my permissions.
I will restart my computer and re-download adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
I can no longer log into my fut account
Said that too many clubs were created
While I've already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account, I get the message: account creation fut limit reached
whereas this morning I was able to play with this account
Sorry my name is NAME-M
You can help me please
Thank you
No problem
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Yes, thank you.
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO CONNECT TO MY PRES-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
ON MY IPHONE IT SAYS THERE WAS A SERVER ERROR
ON PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG INTO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
OK. IT IS NOT SERIOUS, BUT CAN YOU HELP ME TO RESOLVE MY PROBLEM
Okay, thanks. If the problem is due to maintenance, I am reassured and I will wait.
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
already has a file open
PHONENUMBER
I would like for them to return the content that I had pirated.
or compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, and I spend €400 on PRS-ORG points per year, not to mention buying the game
and they tell me on the phone that I would not be able to recover anything
An inquiry has already been opened PHONENUMBER
I would like to have the pirated content recovered this morning or be compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I've been playing for 10 years, I put 400€ of PRS-ORG points into the game every year, and I was told on the phone that I wouldn't be able to recover anything
How do I do that?
EMAIL
I've already done the procedures you are going to ask me to do
to give the code, to change the mdp etc
I just want to qualify for the championships with my team this weekend
and I can't do anything anymore
I put money into the game every year, I've paid salaries for the past 10 years and I've received no positive feedback, the only time I've needed you
I was hacked between 9am and 11:30am today
Could you "erase" that and get everything back to the way it was this morning?
At 8, I still had my whole club
Please save me the trouble
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more.
For the more complicated ones, I’ll put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry about it.
A human being will be able to inform you of the status of your account.
I issued a transfer of 1019, but I have the feeling that my bank rejected it. I was wondering if it has returned to your system
Okay.
Okay, thanks, that's great.
So I stay in waiting, that's right
Thank you very much
I will wait.
No, thank you very much.
I'll wait until after lunch
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi, I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm having a good day, and I hope the same for you ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is in it
if necessary, I can repeat it
Excuse me?
Your sentence is cut
I just wanted to know that in the career there are many haircuts, while in the pro club there are not many
Is this normal?
And why?
Otherwise, do you plan to put them later
No, it's fine, thanks
Don't worry!
good day to you
I'll come back to you if nothing happens after that
goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system to log into my account
I am not receiving the email containing the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I checked my spam folder as well
On PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically, so no worries, but this is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android
The same when I try to log in on my web browser.
924311
This email goes through without any problem
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Many thanks, I hope I will not have any further concerns
NAME-M_TEXT:I see that you are having trouble with payment settlements due to your transactional ceiling.
Do you want to discuss this?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, so
I'm contacting you about something else, no.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M, and I am PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
support
yes
I'm really stuck with my customers for the payment
I sent my PRS-ORG
yes
the delay please
waiting time
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer, but I can't play
he said that a great number of computers
mercui
thank you
Oh?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
In addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I should have no problem
I don't understand?
I have it on my PRS-ORG account
from the normal PRS-ORG licence
and in addition to a PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help?
hi, I am receiving emails asking me to provide more information or provide them, thanks
moreover, i sent everyone an email, otherwise
of course here is a copy/paste of the received message
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our Terms of Use (URL), one PRS-ORG profile can only be used for one and the same activity.
Please tell us for which activity you will use your profile and provide us with proof (invoice, facebook link...) for this activity.
If you wish to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another professional activity, you need to create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Best regards,
Peter
PRS-ORG registration service
I go to the fairs and markets, I'm also from Boulogne; these are the products I advertise on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
I send all of them by the email I received??
yes 'I have sent kbis and a link to facebook
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't preload PRS-ORG, they told me that everything should be solved quickly.. but it is not, I preordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means I can't play it tomorrow.
I would therefore like to cancel this preorder and be able to preorder the game again, hoping that this time it works
I thank you to well agree to reply to my request:)
Of course.
My email address is EMAIL
My id is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I re-order it now?
or I have a short deadline?
alright, thanks :)
I would recommend it to anyone
Thanks a lot for your skills :D
Perfect, thanks, the preload works well!
everything works perfectly!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
i'm experiencing latency in game while i should be qualifying for fgs
it is unplayable
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
all is well
and the players are too heavy when I pass the ball, it arrives 5 seconds later, it's impossible.
sir, it is useless
I'm logged in
I have a perfect connection
the last 5 days have gone by quickly and I feel fine
and here I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello,
My terminal is not working
It says "transaction declined"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have uploaded the documents
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events
Very well, I will send the documents quickly
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG one.
Certain time and I know a payment has been made
I bought a forbidden tale, The Little Thing
I would like to be reimbursed for the error incurred.
11.49
Yes
A PRS-ORG payment over $9.99 was taken from my credit card
But I'm unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed?
Will I be refunded for the error?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated, I will put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you, NAME-M?
Why is my store closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human to deal with that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and much more!
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it says shop closed
Thank you, I succeeded.
Good day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to edit
My Account Settings?
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello I'm french and I created a belgian sum up
I don't get the text message to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I must delete once the Belgian account is active
you can do the necessary, please
06 68 11 75 30 c is my personal phone number
with which I wish to receive the code
Hello I'm contacting you to express my dissatisfaction.
I've been playing since PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, I always liked this game.
PRS-ORG mode is the one that keeps me on my toes since PRS-ORG 12.
The fact is that I am stopping playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes on.
The PRS-ORG champions mode is the one that gave me the desire to continue, but now it's very difficult to access... Rank 3 had a match against Rank 2 last week, and I couldn't qualify this week.
I hope there will be an update soon for the change in the qualification for PRS-ORG champions, otherwise I think I will no longer play the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, it's not so simple with my PRS-ORG  champions compromise qualification, and it's impossible for me to make up 1500 points plus the 9 qualifying matches before this weekend
How?
Will you change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope it will change.
I like the ultimate team mode, I like playing in PRS-ORG Champions.
I feel that to have access to it and to get good rewards, you need to be a very skilled player or have a very big team.
I hope this changes soon, if not, unfortunately goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope that I am not the only one so that things move quickly.
No, thank you.
Have a good day, stay strong and I hope a very quick update
telephone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, e.g. “How do I change my email address?”
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your mobile phone number at any time.
Note: You can register only one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT: Since changing a phone number is beyond the scope of my virtual assistant competencies, I will transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I am asked to complete my profile with a phone number, but I cannot change the mobile phone number
then it's a dom number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes don't worry
yes but the code is not coming
I am asked for the verification code
but this one was sent to 06 92
i want to send you a screenshot if you want it
Yes, but this is the WRONG number
and they won't let me change my number
so far I haven't received any verification code
PHONENUMBER
they tell me that to start receiving payments
I need to check my phone number
i have just started your service and there are already problems
Hello, how do I enter my phone number with alphanumeric?
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid any confusion, please also ensure that you ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How do I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only register one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
the current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
great, thanks a lot
no thanks, you too have a nice day
I would like to speak to an agent
I would like to speak with an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I’m sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
Hi Ms NAME-F, I hope you are doing great.
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay, thank you
No, that's good.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player, I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12 000 PRS-ORG points, but my points don't appear on my ultimate team account
The thing is, I recently changed the email address on my account there is and added a more recent email address: EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is as follows.
EMAIL I am afraid that the points PRS-ORG will go into the wrong account.
CD keys is a website.
The code was good because when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store it worked
Can the PRS-ORG points be transferred to another account?
Even though I only have one PRS-ORG account.
I correctly entered the 25-digit code which was validated on the PRS-ORG.
I would like to view my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I launch utimate team the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL but that of my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just updated it.
Do the PRS-ORG points then become active in the wrong account?
How do I do this?
I need to return something to you, do you have a work for me to buy?
Can't check which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are in?
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, I am trying to connect my store to my domain name.
The lights are green but the state is still "not connected"
You didn't understand
My shop is on the E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
but I'm still not connected.
Does it take a while?
yes?
Alright, noted.
Thank you
I will wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in on PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, except when I enter my email it doesn't work, so I created this account, but it's impossible to put it on the game
I'm sorry NAME-F ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address. It's here, I found it in my old email
but when I mark my old one it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
my email address for PSN is the same as for EMAIL
it does not work
so in fact we are blocked from playing
I don't think this happens to me, i will surely have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game
have games and not use them is great
I am not going to create a new PSN account just to play this game, you will create several accounts
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... although I made a lot of purchases
How do I get points...and what are they for?
I bought a lot of games and kits for PRS-ORG..
and yet, in so long, I never got points.
I have never received points... and I have never bought any...
what are they good for?
I thought we could earn points when buying on your site..
The PRS-ORG points
Thanks and Merry Christmas to all the team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help if your questions are short and specific, e.g. “How do I change my email address?”
”.
Talk to an advisor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:With chat,By phone}
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait a moment while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I would like to speak to a counsellor on the phone, but I am unable to
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your department
I have them.
I'm tired of calling you every day to verify my account.
I cancel its opening, I withdraw my authorization and open an account elsewhere
Yes.
I want to close the account.
you are speaking to the future, i wish to close the account now not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also lowered a high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A Country Escape
delivery
I signed out and signed in again but it still doesn't open
I can't read it
Book bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page
I am forced to reload the PRS-ORG to access my home page
Yes, that's the one
It's good.
Thank you.
Great!
Have a nice day
On which date was my business account opened?
talk to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the most complicated ones, I'll put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I am NAME-F, I did not quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
for my tax declaration I would like to know the opening date of my professional account?
I'll find the exact date.
no, I opened the professional account later
where can I find this info?
Yes.
this is for my tax declaration, they're asking me for this info!
thanks
Hello, Mr.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I get your first name please to start?
my password doesn't work any longer
this is the 2nd one in two weeks
and I can't reset my password since I never receive your email...
and that I am obliged to contact you via chat or phone to resolve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again, please?
124876
I’ll say I’m a regular now ahah
I was able to successfully change my password
and I manage to log in to PRS-ORG
thank you
thanks again and till next time (i hope your servers will manage to memorize my mdp)
Have a great day!
authentication on my mobile phone is not possible
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I’m sorry NAME-M, I didn’t quite catch that.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would love to help you with your verification documents, but that's beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
I am unable to carry out strong authentication on my current phone
I received the SMS
But the application does not take into account the manipulation
No errors
when I'm in the strong authentication menu
the phone cannot be validated
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name please to begin?
Thank you also
Can I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently underway on my PRS-ORG account, because I was hacked yesterday
Can I still use my account while the investigation is ongoing?
Because I play mainly PRS-ORG so having to wait several days is quite annoying
Fine, perfect agreement, you don't have a deadline to give me?
Because it's complicated when you have nothing left at your club
Very well, thank you very much
Not at all, thanks
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address
I was wrong about the content
no home address
I was wrong
I'm staying for free with my boyfriend.
how can i do
otherwise I have bills from my mobile phone
or insurance
yes, I'm looking
don't send me the PRS-ORG card
until I have changed the address, please
I agree.
I'll send the documents in a little while
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant, at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?
".
For the sake of avoiding confusion, please also make sure to only ask one question at a time.
hello I want to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can save only one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skill set, I'll transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I can no longer access this number
PHONENUMBER
yes, that, and how long after to log
because I can't make the payment on my account
thank you very much
no thanks to you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Your game is starting to annoy me!
The same problem as the last FUTChamp
this time in my draft
So many guys give up, so I consider that a defeat when it's the guy who leaves
and so I did not get my reward 4 wins Draft
and I'm losing my 15000 credits
Even though you did nothing about my last Futchamp or the 2 ranks I lost because of it
Do not hesitate.
EMAIL
Are you going to say that I will bring this information to light and you are going to do nothing?
So?
No it was him who left
I am on a pc and not a console, and I have fibre with a 600M connection
and I did not have any micro cuts because I am on PRS-ORG at the same time and that did not cut
It is he who leaves
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player the game considers him
It's bullshit
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M it's NAME-M
I'm having trouble with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or on the web.
On the other hand, access works on the game directly
NAME-M
Could you please help me sir?
I'm fine, thank you. I hope you are too
Alor on the PRS-ORG it is ALPHANUMERICID-
I was foolish enough to buy credits on my first account.
I therefore recreated a PRS-ORG account in order to be able to fully enjoy the game, without breaking the rules this time if.
But access was not set up on this new account.
I play with the Lyon team being a Lyon fan.
I really like paqueta, it is very complete with a score of 81.
I am going to nominate it for POTM at the moment
And who is your favourite player?
Very good player indeed mbappe, you have good taste.
He has also had a very good start of the season with the PRS-ORG
I thank you for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I have been playing for several days now and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
Okay, I'll just keep having fun then.
The main thing is having access to it on the console.
But the app is very useful for remote management.
Thank you so much NAME-M anyway.
I wish you a very nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi, I'm NAME-N, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
Pierre
I think quite simply
I'll pre-order BF 2042 on October 6th in the gold edition.
And today I got a message when trying to install it saying: "Unfortunately, it seems that a billing issue has occurred with your pre-order"
So I go to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged "processing"
I am realising that PayPal has never been debited
So I'm changing my means of payment
I want my game to be unlocked now
EMAIL
I see it but with a message that says "Pre-order failed"
PRS-ORG
It doesn't change the problem
I have just done the manipulation
And I keep getting Pre-order failed
So you cannot restart the order or something else?
Because I entered my payment method and I still don't see the problem being resolved
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG saying I can play
I restarted PRS-ORG
I think this is sufficient after the cache deletion.
If I restart it, I will lose our conversation
Through the chat
Hello, I would like to receive payments on two different accounts.
I have sent several messages on this matter before.
I just ordered a 2nd hard drive, but it is sending me back to the same account.
How can I do this?
Best regards.
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Through chat,By telephone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
a classic reader for €19
Yes, I would like it by e-mail.
I haven't received the case yet, but everything should be in order by Wednesday.
So, when I receive it, can I set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning telling me that my order was on the way.
My e-mail address: EMAIL.
Thank you
This morning's email was in French, but normally I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change this so that I receive all communications in French?
Thank you
So no.
At the beginning I received the mails in French, but the last ones, no.
I sent several messages on this subject, unsuccessfully.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, I'm writing again because I think I've identified the problem.
I'm "lagging" only on PRS-ORG at the moment and I wanted to check with the server if there's a problem or not
because I have signs that I have packet losses while I looked on teamspeak and I have no losses for 50 min
as you can see on this picture
URL
Good evening, I've been having a lot of problems and this is my last resort in coming to you.
:(
Here is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no signs of packet loss up top but I have lags
Is this a problem with me or the game?
Because I am going crazy
Are you going to fix this with a patch, I suppose?
But in how long?
Because I can't play at all in these conditions and not at all anymore in a professional club either
Thank you, I hope it will be ok :)
Good evening, and thank you.
Good courage for this week
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry.
Your device seems to be defective.
Hi, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
CAN'T UNINSTALL ALPHANUMERICID LOADING FAILED
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
YES I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUR TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S: I NEED TO RECEIVE MY NAME AND MY IBAN NUMBER. I AGREE
AND THE FAILURE OF THE TRANSACTION
MORE PRECISELY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15:45 APR2S I AM WATCHING THE GAME
LOADING FAILED
I have little fiber bandwidth in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to begin?
hello
I find myself bothered i want to split my account into 2
j is more hardline
and more access to my other mailbox
the problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or a was changed into vinsvodoo (inverse)
or EMAIL
is either EMAIL
with PRS-ORG, there have never been any problems, it's PRS-ORG that bugs
that is to say
I can't access this email address, it is registered on Facebook but it's from over 15 years ago
I had spoken to one of your colleagues, which worked and more
my real email address
I'm annoyed about that, I knew I should not have come back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG I can retrieve everything in 1 hour
so you will lose money, because I don’t buy from you anymore
Hello,
I have a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, which I encountered recently.
I download the book from the library onto my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.
I connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.
I eject my eReader correctly before logging it out of the computer, and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the eReader.
When I want to open the downloaded book, I am asked to authorize my eReader to open the book, and I'm told to authorize the eReader again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-import the book.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address and so I have this permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I haven't bought a book, but I download them from the library.
The last one, today, is N.E.O.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
It seems to me.
Anyway, I am connected to Wi-Fi and automatic syncing is turned on.
I don't know when the last synchronization took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the permit?
I tried again before contacting you.
I have uninstalled the permission and release.
I'll try again.
So far I have ADE 4.5.11. What I don't understand is why now!
I have been using it for almost 1 year.
What are factory settings?
hello I have not received the payment on february 3
I am missing a payment
I have not received my 3 payment on the 3rd of February
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I’m here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and more!
For the most complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
You have chosen to receive payments on the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds received are available on your card the day after a transaction, even on weekends.
Attention: If the transaction you are waiting for was completed before payments to the card were enabled, then the funds will be paid to the registered bank account, not the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to the method and frequency of payment will not have any impact on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I'm missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Fine, in this case, I think a human intervention is necessary.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thank you
Ok, thank you very much
Ok, thank you very much
no thanks very much
thank you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, as you know, the Star wars battlefront 2 game is becoming unplayable
no one dies1hp because of a bug or a godmode hack
you have been aware of it for many days
the game becomes unplayable
Hello?
EMAIL
The problems are coming from you!
Servers
thousands of players complain, and you feign ignorance?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the devs abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is involved in a server hack
thank you for the customers and the after-sales service
minable
no respect for the players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please hold while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes
My terminal is locked
I'm looking for how to send payment request links to customers
I don't have this function in my app
It is no longer under warranty.
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I'm looking for a way to send payment links to my clients
But I don't have the link payments in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, that would really help me
I am counting on you, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I have a problem linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you.
Do you want the email of my PRS-ORG account, yes?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
There was a problem.
An error has prevented us from finalizing your request.
Please try again later.
For PRS-ORG rewards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the latest ID card received is good.
and also how to set up my bank account?
which one is registered?
yes, and I sent back an IC without a return
I don't have an IBAN that ends in 0507
Yes.
I can't change it directly in the app
and I just sent back the identity card... it's quite urgent anyway...
ok.. well i'll send you my RIB..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to get started?
Hi NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thanks
I'd appreciate your help since I've never been lucky on the PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing it since I was 10 and I've never been a big player.
My friend packed Hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Just the other day it was NAME-M.
I've put money into the game, bought the pre-order to have 4600 PRS-ORG points and I've never been lucky.
I don't know what to do, please help
I'd like to hear this but how come my friend has all these players?
In fact, it had an icon in a previewable pack...
Well, never mind, you can do nothing
Still, thank you
I will therefore most certainly stop playing this game
Merci bonne fêtes
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By telephone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello,
I received an invoice via SMS and I would like to receive it via email so I can get reimbursed
Transaction ID ALPHANUMERICID 146.95€
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice in my inbox.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days now I've been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase. I entered all the information, I clicked on continue and register, the visa check light keeps blinking and there is no response.
I uninstalled the app and then installed it again, but the problem persists.
What is going on?
Please reply
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's Revenge
I would like to buy the T2
Yes, but usually this does not lead to a payment problem!
Why now?
What is the solution?
right.
Thank you, I will do it right away.
Best regards,
hello NAME-M
I want my money back on my blocked account
I want my money in my balance, my account is already closed
OK.
alright, but I have already sent a new bank account number, or the money will be sent back
yes i am the one
yes i am the one
I already sent yesterday the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I made a mistake and tied the wrong account to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
yes
It's not linked to any account, I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, but I don't want that, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes, I can't unlock my account
yes but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but i want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is related to my PRS-ORG competition, I'd like to separate them
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
Thank you.
hello
my terminal is locked, what should I do
For more complicated requests, I will connect you with a human.
So what can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on your device's screen it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its safety system kicked in and this blocking is irreversible.
As I am unable to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hi, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes.
could I have a phone number to call please
thank you, it will be easier for me.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How do I change my email address?
”.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, it means unfortunately that it is faulty.
Its safety system has activated and this blockage is irreversible.
As I'm unable to handle this type of request, I'll put you in touch with an agent who will be able to carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes sorry I have clients
I got a BK error code PHONENUMBER
then i plugged it in and pressed the power button
i tried to boot, then released the boot button
he passed away
I have invalid bk
sorry, I'll get back to you when I have more time because I have a client meeting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
I've been getting disconnected several times during team matches, and therefore counting as a defeat, even though I'm winning 3 or 4 to 0.
it makes me lose my place in the rankings and thus progress for my team
i said i have disconnections during team clash matches
I got disconnected and so lost the match while winning it
wasn't online
so nothing to do
I am in clash d équiope so it is your game that makes me deco...
degout
I'm fed up, I'm playing the game and getting scammed... I have a real feeling that you don't care about players like me
Not counting the times when I end up being 8 or 9 hours behind since the start of the match because of a bug...
Hello
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1" of NAME-M, but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font sizes is accessible, it's written way too small, and the print quality is poor...
I am disappointed with this purchase from your platform, which usually offers well-prepared books!
So I would like a refund of €15.99 accordingly
Thank you in advance
Best regards
EMAIL
Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
1 of NAME-M bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I'd prefer a credit card refund
Thank you.
Have a nice day
No thanks, perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I do not receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can i do it?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
the fiancées of the pacific
I will try PRS-ORG
I am connected to my computer but via my reader...
how do i reset my stereo?
I do not receive an email.
ok
I just tested it, and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my eReader does not recognize my account
there was an update last night and since then I don't know how to access
he told me: no connection possible
it seems that the URL or the Internet connection is not available at the moment
apart from that, I’m on the Wi-Fi with my computer, on which I have connected my reader
I clicked refresh and it loaded...
yes !!!
it is here, he just needed a bit more time!...
whew thanks for your help
ok i opened the book i bought yesterday...
have a good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14th and I still haven’t received it.
February 11, my mistake
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes on your website
Here is the number of the purchase order PHONENUMBER
Follow up indicates that since February 14 the parcel is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I placed my order with this profile... I received an invoice on my EMAIL address
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But normally I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to have the commission at 1.49%
This is the one
The one I am currently typing this on
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It would be simpler orally
But you should have an order with that number PHONENUMBER
This is the order number listed on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
It's going well, thank you, despite the fact that I'm having a technical problem with the game PRS-ORG on my PC
Indeed, for more than an hour I cannot access the transfer market to buy a player
how does it work?
Thank you in advance and look forward to hearing from you.
It seems to me that this is a security block put in place by PRS-ORG to stop hackers and bots.
But I am none of them.
It's this one.
when I look at the PRS-ORG transfer market
when trying to search for the player I want
it tells me
"a communication problem has occurred with the PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
everything else in the game works fine, apart from the transfer market, or i get this message and get kicked out of the transfer market
very well, thank you
thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor
So glad to see you again, NAME-M!
Please hold for a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
NAME-M, I am sorry, I did not understand.
Could you please reformulate your question?
I want to talk to an advisor
Hi my name is , please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I no longer have access to the transfer
Which ones?
The code was sent to my old number
That I'm no longer
You understand?
Hello.
You are the ace
Yes, I am right after that
But I'm not the old number
To which email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
Yes, thanks!
And I hope for you too!
When I tried to start the 24-hour mission of NAME-M, I discovered that the castle of PRS-ORG which unlocked it had disappeared, along with all of its accessories.
He is no longer in my city or in the inventory…
No he is on the iPad
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start the 24h mission of NAME-M which requires the palace of PRS-ORG and this is where I noticed that this castle is no longer in my city or in my inventory
This Boitingham castle unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but no longer the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,Phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, how can I reach you?
for its verification
Thank you.
i have a problem, I can't read you
Could you send me your email address so I can send you the identity document
contacted me by email
your message is not displayed
leave me a message by email, it will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
