Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name
It's going well and with you
Nice to hear, I have a problem with ultimate team I was playing my fut draft and had just won my 2 match.
I was happy and at the end of the match I got an EA error that kicked me out.
Now I click on ultimate team again and see that I have automatically been assigned a team, which I really hate.
Now I can't either.
on the ultimate team which I don't understand
Sorry for bothering you but
this was the only thing that came to mind
The email is EMAIL and my PSN ID is faycal-brahim.
Thank you for your help
Okay thank you for this information I knew nothing about it at all.
But what about
me
compensation of me veloren draft
NAME-M is good thank you for all the effort you have done
I wish you a lot of success with your work and a lot of happiness further
Same 👍🏼
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have a PRS-ORG account with an email address that I no longer have access to.
I used the account to play PRS-ORG.
So now it is impossible for me to log in to my PRS-ORG account
I don't remember how that email address was spelled exactly.
If I'm not mistaken it was EMAIL
Again I don't remember exactly
The account is linked to my Playstation account, I still have access to that.
That account is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hey NAME-M, my name is NAME-N
Can you help me further?
I have had a problem with my transfermarkt on the web app since last night
I can't buy any more players...
I can still do it in the game itself but not on the web app anymore...
Exactly, I can still access it and can search for players
But as soon as I want to buy one, it gives me this message again
URL
Definitely, EMAIL
Oh okay!
Nice to hear
Do you have any idea how long it would take before I can buy players again?
Because I still have a few SBCs that I would like to complete :D
I certainly understand that, I will try later!
That was it for the rest :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I updated my PRS-ORG today and since then I can't start the game
I had this problem before
but then I fixed it with uninstall PRS-ORG anticheat
and then reinstall it
but I've been trying to fix it since this morning but it doesn't work
Yes
game doesn't start
other games still work such as bf etc
but only with PRS-ORG I get this error
Ok, thank you
ok I will try and let me know if it doesn't work
thanks
Psn- NAME-N
PRS-ORG email address - EMAIL
No idea what that email address is
The original?
I'm not sure
So I say multiple
EMAIL
EMAIL
mailto:EMAIL
EMAIL
Well look
I just want to play PRS-ORG on this account
I'm sure the details were correct
But I've now almost bought PRS-ORG for nothing.
So help how can I fix this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-N
Unfortunately, I have not received my order
I bought PRS-ORG points online via my phone.
But unfortunately not credited
Correct
Not very long ago
At least 10 or 15 I think
Okay, great!
Then I'll wait a while... I'm also not used to it taking a little longer😄
Great!
I know that.
Sorry for wasting your time for now.
I wish you a nice evening!
And hopefully not until next time😜
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Yes, not good with me.
I have been waiting for almost 1 week from you !!!!!!
When will I get my top players and 1 million coins back?
And accessible again with transfers.
I'm not going to wait days again now!
Do it right now
Ready?
Always the same stories pfff
I am deaf and bored at home by PRS-ORG and want to enjoy playing PRS-ORG!
Ok
Talk to you later
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have 2 problems and 1 question.
Firstly, there seems to be a glitch on the transfer market.
Items that should normally 'expire' remain on 'processing' and therefore do not expire and I cannot put them up for sale again.
Also, the problem has been dragging on for 3 weeks that I can only offer 30 items at a time on the transfer market on webapp and on PRS_ORG app
I also wondered if there would be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins since this was a mistake and everyone who was able to buy it received a lot of coins for free.
The first problem is solved.
Seemed like a glitch of a quarter of an hour!
Thank you!
My email address is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you
Another question
Will there be compensation for people who were not able to buy the Hero pack for 25,000 coins?
Since this was a mistake and everyone who was able to buy it got a lot of coins for free.
All right, thanks for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Well, but I have a problem
On January 15, someone had probably hacked into my account. I didn't even know it, but he had sold my cards.
In PRS-ORG
Is it possible that I get my cards back?
Is that possible?
Yes, someone sold my PRS-ORG cards, a hacker.
Someone went into my account and sold my players
Can I get my players back on January 15th?
EMAIL and online id is ALPHANUMERICID
ALPHANUMERICID
Yes, can I get my cards back?
A HACKER HAS REMOVED MY CARDS I WANT MY CARDS BACK!
It is not incorrect
That person also hacked my email
I want my cards back
I can send photos
I WANT MY CARDS BACK
I had 87 carlos alberto 88 maldini 91 kroos stoickov
And more
Your cancer mother
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my account
Yes of course
I played PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG PC last year, now I'm playing PRS-ORG again on PlayStation but both accounts are on 1 email.
now I'm trying to log in to the web app, and I can't switch accounts, from PC to PS4
The option is there to switch from PC PRS-ORG to Playstation PRS-ORG
But it doesn't
And when I want to do that, it keeps crashing and logs me out.
Uh yes, all good, and how about yours?
Do I need to answer anything else or?
So I can only access the web app tonight?
Because the web app is down tonight, or can I only do that on the 27th?
Or October 1st?
By that I mean that I can log in to the web app tonight with my PlayStation account instead of the PRS-ORG account
ebook
The PRS-ORG on Thursday 5 August
This ebook has now disappeared from my account
Okay, thank you.
I just don't see an archive section with my books.
Yes, I can see the book now, but I can't find that archive myself.
For when it happens again
I found it!
Thanks for your help.
thanks, you too have a very nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a new phone number
Which prevents me from confirming the verification code
To log in to the PRS-ORG web app
Great!
Yes, that's EMAIL, but because I haven't been a student for a while, I can't access that email address either...
I tried it once last week but then the chat crashed
And the queue was quite long
That's why I'm trying it again now.
I would especially like to change my mobile number
But I don't know how easy that can be
Yes, I understand that
Date of birth 29
Billing address: ADDRESS
Phone number: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good evening, NAME-M here
Definitely!
I hope you are doing well too. I have a question about the PRS-ORG. As far as I know, I still have to go every day. SBC number 6 is coming up soon, and then I still need one more.
However, tomorrow the objective ends already so then I would be short of 1.
My son has the same problem on his account.
or is there just enough time to do the last one tomorrow?
Yes, that's right, with the corresponding shapeshifters challenge
EMAIL
And EMAIL
My son uses it
Yes of course, I'll wait and see!
I had looked at answers.PRS-ORG, there they gave as a tip to report it here, indeed, then it could be looked at whether we might have missed an sbc or whether there is indeed a mistake in the content
Oh great!
Yes I had read that more people have this, but I thought I'll just sign up for the sake of being sure.
A free PRS-ORG and a shapeshifter are nice rewards!
No, this was it, thanks for your time and your explanation!
I'll wait and watch answers.PRS-ORG and your Twitter account.
Thanks and have a nice evening!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I disconnected my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG a while ago.
My account states that it is disconnected from PRS-ORG.
I want to link another account to my PRS-ORG.
I followed the steps I had found.
However, I am not given the option to link a new account.
I contacted PRS-ORG, but they sent me here.
The account that is linked has the email address EMAIL
No, that's the account that PRS-ORG says is linked.
I would like to link it to EMAIL
I'm unfortunately not at home right now, so I can't start a game, but I'll definitely try it when I'm home.
Thank you for the help!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Yes, of course.
I just made 2 purchases for PRS-ORG packages.
It has left the bank account, but I don't get a confirmation
Yes.
I want to buy more, but I don't dare now
That's EMAIL (it's my game email)
And I just did the pre order for growing together and the kit from first fits
Good evening,
Last month I took out a trial subscription to PRS-ORG (both books and audio books) and this was also extended per 31.
Now I realized that I did not purchase any audio books and only wanted to purchase books with the subscription.
Therefore, I just canceled my previous subscription per June 30 and purchased a new subscription.
The problem is that I have now paid 2x.
How can this be solved?
Greetings,
NAME-F
Thanks for the message.
My email address is EMAIL.
The last book I bought is PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
On my credit card is fine.
Do I need to convert my subscription after June 30 or has that already happened?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi I'm NAME-M
I have previously spoken to someone from PRS-ORG because I lost my account.
He said there was nothing else to be done but I saw someone on the internet who said that they might be able to try to disconnect your account, could you do this?
Yes, I would appreciate it if you could still try to find it.
But I wouldn't know since someone else also said that it's gone (my account)
By the way, it's still useful to know that I lost my account because I wanted to link my account with PRS-ORG
But my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Well, I was hacked a while ago, someone had logged into my PRS-ORG web app, and sold all my items.
And I'm not sure what else he did.
but I wasn't in any case.
but now I am banned for something he did.
isn't really fair is it?
yess.
but I could live with that...
until suddenly I was banned even though I don't know what I did
that is EMAIL
thanks for the effort!
That would be great, thank you for your effort!
and I understand that my account is my responsibility.
but a ban for 1000 days is a bit excessive.
I will wait for the answer.
thanks and have a nice weekend!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have been playing command and conuer on my pc for years, I once bought it, however, PRS-ORG now says that I no longer have it.
so it doesn't start up
However, I can't find that code anywhere.
That's right, since last week
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID I'm starting to doubt now if it wasn't linked to my other email.
I'll try that
this is really mega stupid, it was linked to my other email address....
it works again :)
My credit card is not stored again.
I had this problem last month, and I already chatted about it then.
Can this be solved properly? I don't want to have to report this every month...
EMAIL
PRS-ORG is the most recent ebook
my problem is in the first message...
credit card has expired and I have already registered the new one many times but every time the old one is reset.
I don't want to get the message every month that my account is not being renewed and every month to add my credit card again
Yes, I did that then.
Then payment for April succeeded.
now payment for May has failed again
ALPHANUMERICID
that number has remained the same
so that's the number the new card appeared
Yes, please.
I will do it one more time.
How can I escalate if it happens again next month?
I will do it on another pc
I'm going to work on it myself.
Thank you, hopefully it will work.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am blocked from the transfer market.
but I haven't done anything wrong
I have already contacted 3 times but it has been rejected 3 times.
If you tell me how I can prove it, I would do that.
EMAIL
I think it's because I put players on it.
And suddenly they were sold for more than they are worth.
but I can't do anything about people selling these for more than they are worth
buy
I know this is against the PRS-ORG rules.
I would never do this.
As you can see in my account, I have had an account for a long time and have never done anything wrong
That's why I would like to open a dispute for the 4th time
really hope this gets resolved
thank you that was all.
Could you please let me know that it is being looked at very carefully?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
I keep getting an error message when installing.
The anticheat is stuck
I can send you a picture of the error message if you want.
EMAIL
NAME-M, are you still there?
PRS-ORG id: PRS-ORG
I play on PC
Error message: An error has occurred in PRS-ORG Service.
Restart the game URL
The game ALPHANUMERICID has not been played yet
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I'm playing all the episodes.
and afterwards a video of someone else playing it.
And I noticed that they could change their sidearm.
For example, from the police baton to a folding version.
But for me, that option has completely disappeared.
If I remember correctly, it is EMAIL.
It's been a while since I created this
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my first name is NAME-M
I have a question about the PRS-ORG packages.
I understand that you have to be lucky.
And that I have all the packages of e.g.
84+ also really a 84 plus standard I get it.
Also with the icon that I have bad luck to get 86 Ballack.
But when I do the hero SBC twice in a row and then get Campos twice in a row, I think this goes too far.
Just like I indicated earlier, I understand that it's just bad luck that with the packages of 81+, 83+ and 85+ I actually get exactly those ratings.
But 2x a hero SBC in a row and then also 2x the same player NAME-M
The probability I am not happy with but I understand
But as I just mentioned, doing the hero SBC 2x in a row and then getting 2x the same player and then campos.
I think that's going too far
Then I know enough and also that this was the last penny that went into it.
Because I find this too ridiculous for words.
I'm not complaining about the extremely bad packages I get further.
But only when you get exactly the same hero SBC twice in a row.
It's a shame that nothing is done about it, but it clearly shows how PRS-ORG treats its customers.
As I already indicated, the probabilities are known, but what I just mentioned, I personally just think it goes too far, given what you have to surrender for it.
But I know enough thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
NAME-N is my name
Yesterday I tried to play PRS-ORG for the first time on my new mac, and it didn't work.
I had removed all the expansion packs, and all the custom content, and it still didn't work.
Today it does work again.
Is there a problem with macbooks with Os ventura?
In PRS-ORG
Today, by the way, for the first time it is possible to start PRS-ORG.
However, I am worried if it will continue to work
Via PRS-ORG
Yes, there is an unknown error
Okay, thanks.
I'm going to try that
I want to top up my balance with PRS-ORG.
When I go to my account/payment settings, I can only enter a credit card.
EMAIL
Oops… no idea
Okay.
ADDRESS
I have a subscription with PRS-ORG for free PRS-ORG.
Sometimes I want to buy a book.
Then I need an amount via PRS-ORG
I've done this before, so I know it's possible.
But I can't find it now
thank you.
But I put 25 euros on my PRS-ORG account from which I could buy books.
This is almost gone, so I want to add another 25 euros to it
Yes, that's right.
No gift card, but I had set it up via PRS-ORG
I will continue to search.
I hope you know it like this.
Thank you for your effort
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
Over a half year ago, I contacted you about the expansion packs.
these are not visible in the PRS-ORG. I was then told that there is a bug in my game and they would work on it.
a long time has passed and I still can't do anything with the expansion packs
Now I'm curious how it stands and how long this can continue
EMAIL
the clear cache executed.
The app now gives multiple error messages when I try to open it.
I am now in the process of restarting the app
closed the app via task manager.
it has now restarted
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, I bought PRS-ORG through my Playstation 5 and then downloaded PRS-ORG for free through PRS-ORG.
Now, when I go to play PRS-ORG, I get the message that the game will expire in 15 minutes and close the game?
I bought the subscription through my playstation account.
The email for that is EMAIL
Of course
Or have I misunderstood and is PRS-ORG not included for free with PRS-ORG?
Oh okay, I hear you
good thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
Except for the balls from yesterday, everything is going well.
I found out yesterday that I was hacked on PRS-ORG, which caused me to lose all my tradable players and items in the Ultimate Team.
I called about this last night and if I'm not mistaken, case #PHONENUMBER was created for this
I was wondering if there is any message about it and how long something like this takes before everything is solved.
856425
Okay, thank you.
Then I at least know that everything has been passed on etc.
Is it then checked whether something can be made from a backup from 24 hours ago etc.?
okay clear, then I'll wait for it.
Thank you NAME-M and have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG
I'm doing well.
and with you?
I just spoke to a colleague of yours, about the fact that I have not received my PRS-ORG points but the amount has been debited from my account.
end statement had to attach a screenshot via the laptop
I did that and now I wanted to know if I get my money back or my PRS-ORG points
my day was nice and relaxed, by the way.
thank you
I bought it literally an hour ago
sure?
Okay, thank you.
Then I'm going to keep playing all night now because I still have to place myself for weekend league haha.
good evening and goodnight
PRS-ORG is love haha.
Okay, then I'll wait for it.
Thanks for the information and have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
Since the new level cap of PRS-ORG I have not received any loot boxes.
I do get the message that I have received a loot box.
only I can't open it because the tab is not there.
Yes, there are only a few, but yes, I would still rather have them hahah
sorry yes
yes I tried that
ah ok thank you
so there's not much to be done]
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
lost draft because the opponent left the match
I've had this 3 times this week now
I also indicated this every time via the chat.
I also eat that you acknowledge this problem
Yes, draft match.
for the third time already
This has already cost me about 10 eur
And?
getting the draft token back is not possible when the opponent does the glitch and you know that too!
so don't come up with that solution
I don't understand why you don't just give a draft token
Can you see how long I have been logged in today at PRS-ORG?
how long I'm online and when I log out?
Then you can see that it can never be my fault if I stayed online?
If I can prove that I stayed online, will I get my tokens back?
I can just prove that
When will I receive an email?
I've been waiting for a week
this is the third time already
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M.
I would like to cancel my membership of PRS-ORG!
Absolutely correct
But I can't do it through the website.
Because then it says 'you are not a member of PRS-ORG'
But money is debited every month!
EMAIL
okay thank you for the help
But aren't you responsible for PRS-ORG charges?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
good afternoon i am NAME-M, and have previously contacted you about the verification emails that do not come in.
I have now created an alternative email address as requested by you
yes, it's going fine
that's absolutely right, and I also can't see where the problem is
it seems that those emails are bouncers and go back immediately
that's why you asked me to try it with a gmail account
EMAIL
and EMAIL should be added there as a test
ALPHANUMERICID
I get those, but not everything that is automatically generated
EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked
I already have several cases running, but no one can help me.
I just reset the security on the advice of your colleague
My account (PRS-ORG - PRS-ORG) has been hacked.
I already have several cases open, but no one can help me.
I just reset the security on the advice of your colleague.
EMAIL
I just got this information from your colleague, but I'm doing it again.
ALPHANUMERICID
This is the new code
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, and I hope you are too.
I have a question about restoring quick sales from the PRS_ORG app
I think something is not right there?
I already had 0 repairs a while ago and waited for it to be renewed so that I would get 5 extra repairs again, but unfortunately I just saw that only 1 has been added, of which I have already used one.
And now I have to wait for ALPHANUMERICID again for new 5?
In principle, I only got 1 which should be 5, I don't understand that for a moment..
Is it possible to solve that?
I think today?
I don't know the exact time, yesterday there were still 10 hours left, I assume today then?
It now says ALPHANUMERICID and 22 hours left?
okay fine, I will do
thanks for your time
Thanks, I don't have any other problems luckily :)
Have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Hello NAME-M, I have a problem logging into PRS-ORG.
my password is incorrect and when requesting a new password I don't get an email
checked all folders
I also tried a few days ago, then I didn't get anything either.
Just received an email from customer experience, so my address is correct
EMAIL
hebbes: 567364
Yes, password reset successful.
I'm in.
Thanks for the support!
No, thanks.
That was it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I have recently had a problem with my PRS-ORG game
My little brother (14) used my account, which resulted in my account being banned out of my control.
from PRS-ORG fut transfermarkt.
I only found out about this recently and I wonder what we are going to do about it.
I now want to change my password as well.
my PSN password was recently changed, which allowed him to access my account.
you can check this if possible
indeed
I saw that you have a live chat so I was wondering if you can help me with this
yes, EMAIL
I changed my password about 3 weeks ago for him, not knowing that he would abuse this of course.
I don't want to call it abuse but yes he did do this
moment
527166
That's good.
you also pass on all the details, right?
Yes, did you put the details I mentioned in it?
because that is leading for this story
Okay, thank you.
I bought a book about half an hour ago in your app, but the book is still not in my ebooks
EMAIL
I bought that ebook today
Tuesday 23 February
The money has indeed already been debited
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 14:36 CREDITCARD
I can see it.
Thank you very much!
I get quite confusing emails, on the one hand the debit (rightly) of my monthly amount and on the other hand the message that my payment is not completed.
Is the latter spam or how does this work?
EMAIL
I am currently reading PRS-ORG
ALPHANUMERICID 91D; Just to be clear, you are currently chatting with the husband of PRS-ORG, hope this is not a problem.
I handle all the administration here and I was surprised by the subsequent emails.
NAME-N herself reads especially (with a lot of pleasure ☺
Yes, it concerns two emails from last Thursday, January 28, at 13.16 hours.
The strange thing is that the subscription has been running well for a long time, but in December there was suddenly a request to restore the payment.
By the way, the debit just took place.
My daughter recently restarted the sign-up again.
Once again, we would like to keep the subscription (and preferably undisturbed ☺)
The subscription existed since approx.
May 2020
At the moment it works well!
On January 28, a € 9.99 debit also normally took place
The important thing is that it is processed, so this is a satisfactory answer for the time being.
If something happens we will contact you.
For this moment thanks for the time and the answer!
Kind regards, NAME-M
No, that's fine!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Can it be in Dutch or would you prefer English?
This morning around noon, on the trophy titan cup, it said that the clock was reset at 12 pm.
I still have to play a few matches to reach 10.
I'm coming home from work earlier today especially since it needs to be played before 7 pm.
Now it appears not to have been reset.. can you change that?
I understand.
Only too bad that I (again) miss two packages due to a server error where in total PRS-ORG+ rating players are in it.. I pay for a game to work and then this is very unfortunate
Is there a possibility to deliver these packages anyway?
Now I understand that this explanation would work against a 18 year old child.
I myself am a bit older and know well enough that this can all happen.
It has happened before
When there is missing content, this is also posted back to accounts
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, I just claimed my division rivals.
I wanted to untrade everything.
But my game crashed and I could only press A on option 3.
I now have the coins and a few packs.
(Unopened) can you take this away and convert it to option 2 untradeble rewards?
You can transfer them, I haven't spent or opened anything.
I wanted to do everything untradeble.
Are you there?
No, so I got option 3, 3 packs with coins.
But I wanted option 2 everything untradeble and more packs.
Option 2 is everything untradable without coins, that's what I wanted, I played for the whole week for that haha
I got option 3.
Coins + 3 packs.
I wanted option 2 with everything non-tradable without coins but more packages.
No, I got option 3 and wanted option 2!😃
I want option 2
The game chose option 3 but I wanted option 2!
Everything non-tradable and most packages.
You can change it.
It is unopened.
I played all week for option 2!
I didn't claim anything!
The packages are unopened
The solution lies on your end.
You are making a mistake!
I have nothing to do with this
Thanks for nothing!
You are lying, I know how often PRS-ORG packages change because of bugs, I know that from before.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-F
I have a low battery, so I actually want to get to the point where that happens.
Last week there were high discounts on expansion packs of the PRS-ORG game.
I already have the game itself through my account, but when I tried to log in to make purchases, I received the message several times that logging in was "currently" not possible.
I still can't log into my account, and the sale is now over.
That's why I was wondering if there is a possibility to still be able to benefit from the sale, since I'm not going to pay €40 for a game expansion.
I wanted to add the "PRS-ORG" and "PRS-ORG" expansions to my game, as a surprise for my younger sisters.
Thank you!
Okay, that's a pity
I don't have time for that now, so I'll ask for that another time.
Thanks in any case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My first name is NAME-N and I am having trouble resetting my password
I don't get the email
the email is EMAIL the PRS-ORG ID I forgot because it's been a while.
I think it was ALPHANUMERICID or something similar to NAME-N.
the code is DEVICEID
sorry just received the email 282732
no thank you very much for the help.
just find it strange that I didn't get the emails to reset my password.
have a nice evening.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi!
My name is NAME-M
It's certainly going well, thank you!
I have a question, in the career mode, are there more customization options than in pro clubs.
Will these parts ever be added to Pro Clubs?
Of course!
and thank you.
That is EMAIL
Ah ok!
Clear!
thanks And please, please take my feedback into account.
Thank you very much :)
Thanks, and no that was my only question!
Have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My first name is NAME-M
I have a question about PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG account
I want to claim the offer
However, the PRS-ORG account is not linked to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
I play PRS-ORG
I just want to make the connection but I can't
Just have a PRS-ORG account
And I've been working on it for half the afternoon but I'm not getting any wiser.
Just did it
Yes, it works
Thank you very much!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
With me, almost everything is going well, only the following: A few years ago (2014) I created a PRS-ORG account.
My email address where that was done EMAIL no longer exists.
How do I get access to my account now.
I still have the passwords, but I think they have expired.
Thank you!
That is no longer possible, the email address no longer exists.
Is there no other way I can identify myself?
After all, it's a lot of money.. PRS-ORG for example I even bought a hardcopy!
I can't do anything with it now...
I even have the passwords.
I'm sure they're correct.
No idea if there is an SMS verification possible, but my phone number is still the same
Is there a phone number I can call?
Or can you call me?
Or mean something to me?
Maybe I can transfer the games to a new account?
Is there anything you can do to help?
I really find it very unfortunate that there are just hundreds of euros gone.
And there's nothing to be done about it.
While I can fully identify myself, except with that email address
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
hi my name is NAME-M
I have already contacted some of your colleagues today,
I have two PRS-ORG accounts
one of which is linked to an old email address
I would like to link a new email address to this one because the old one no longer exists
I finally got into my account.
this is the account NAME-N
which is linked to the email address EMAIL
my PS ID is NAME-N
yes super!!
I have another PRS-ORG account that is linked to my email address EMAIL
I don't know if I can link everything to it?
EMAIL
Ok, please send it to this email address
Then I can finally play my PRS-ORG fut team on mobile as well.
thnx I'm going to do it right away
thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
my name is NAME-N.
I have already contacted you about this problem yesterday.
I moved to the Netherlands half a year ago.
as a belgian player I could never buy PRS-ORG points but that is all in the past now.
I changed my location on PRS-ORG but I still can't buy points.
With the creation of another account, this is possible, but then I lose my progress with my 'main account'.
can you help me further?
Yes, that's right.
it is set to amsterdam.
I already emptied my cache as they advised me yesterday, but that doesn't work either.
this is already an
changed but it doesn't work
okay thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
I have a problem, I purchased PRS-ORG ultimate edition, but I never received the PRS-ORG points
Great, thanks in advance
EMAIL
Yes I know it very sure
Because if I go to the Play Store, I can still buy the standard edition
But the ultimate edition is no longer available, it has been purchased
I also have a confirmation that I bought the ultimate edition
That's fine, can that be done via the PRS-ORG or does that have to be done via the internet?
Thanks for your help, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M, my name is NAME-F
No problem!
I had just contacted your colleague about my problem.
Earlier today, I added PRS-ORG Expansion Pack to my PRS-ORG account.
However, I can't see the download button.
Your colleague came up with this link URL himself.
I've gone through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Yes, my email address is EMAIL
Via URL
Yes, I do!
The code is ALPHANUMERICID
Okay, then I'll wait and see.
Thank you for the help!
No, I have been sufficiently helped.
Thank you!
My email address: EMAIL
Android
Here is probably my question: it's about payment options of my subscription and of new books
question: I am changing my credit card: the old one is blocked and the new one has not arrived yet.
Can I pay in the meantime with PRS-ORG?
And if so, how does it work?
I don't see an option for that at URL.
Last read book: PRS-ORG
Both
My e-reader does not show that option
And where can I find the checkout page?
...... or can't I do that on the e-reader itself?
Do you mean that it should be possible from the e-reader?
Okay.
And if I want to order a new book on the site and pay there with PRS-ORG?
ebook
EMAIL
PRS-ORG is now in my ebooks bieb but I can't open it.
Furthermore, there are PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
I just downloaded PRS-ORG via URL for PRS-ORG (have a subscription) on the e-reader, but when I open it, I get the message Oops, this document cannot be opened.
No idea why that's not possible, hence I'm asking you guys.
on URL?
I just logged out on my laptop at URL.
do I have to do that in the app on my mobile?
done
I still can't open it.
I get the same message.
I went through all the steps but it still doesn't work.
Hi, I have solved it in the meantime.
The e-reader is from my son and it was on his PRS-ORG account while the payment from PRS-ORG went through my URL account.
Apparently I can't send books to his e-reader via my account via PRS-ORG?
Because now that I'm logged into his e-reader with my details (I first signed out my son) I can read the book.
Thank you for your help anyway.
Hello, I haven't used my PRS-ORG reader for a while.
Now I have a problem with charging the PRS-ORG reader.
I have tried several USB cables, both on the computers and on a power outlet with USB ports and with a plug.
I reset it to factory settings and synced it, but it no longer wants to charge.
Otherwise it still functions properly.
Do you have one last resort for me?
Thanks in advance.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
The wild silence via URL
Where can I find the serial number?
I'm from the Netherlands
I can't read it myself, hence the photo
and PRS-ORG by NAME-F
ebook
NAME-F PRS-ORG
I came to the PRS-ORG site and bought these two books with my URL account
I thought I would receive downloads by email but that is not the case.
I have a PRS-ORG but don't know my account details anymore
so now I have nothing from my purchases.
Can I get both downloads so I can install them on my PRS-ORG?
my PRS-ORG account is on EMAIL.
probably my PRS-ORG account on EMAIL
ah ok I didn't know that, very nice if you want to put these two books on the other account.
But what accounts do I have then?
When I look at my PRS-ORG reader, I see EMAIL next to the account
Great, that's very nice.
I just don't understand how this went wrong and how I should arrange it next time :)
yeah they are on it :)
thank you
Is the other account EMAIL?
Are there books under that?
Ok, I'll do that, but when I ordered, I was asked to log in with my URL account?
That's where it went wrong I think
If I press repair now, will not all my 1000 books that are on it be gone?
you mean that all the books on it will stay on it.
Also the ones that were not purchased through PRS-ORG?
I think it worked.
thank you for your help
Hi, my subscription has not been debited, while my credit card details have not changed and I have not changed anything.
I just modified the data (after receiving a second email about this).
Can you see what the reason is that my subscription has not been debited?
And whether the data is correct?
Thanks in advance
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
Author NAME-F
Yes, that's fine
I just changed the credit card details for safety's sake
Thank you
So if everything goes well, my subscription won't be canceled in three days?
That's nice to hear.
Thanks for your efforts!
I'll hear from you via email how it goes.
Have a nice day!
ordered a book from NAME-F last week
unknown_issue
My current e-reader is starting to have charging problems.
Now new e-reader PRS-ORG touch.
How can I get the books from my current e-reader to my new e-reader
the most convenient for me is if you want to put it in an email EMAIL
okay, I will try that later
okay thanks so far.
no, I will first try to charge and download the e-reader.
If it doesn't work, I'll let you know again.
I bought two books this week through the PRS-ORG website: Derksen and Selfies by NAME-M.
When I try to open these books on my e-reader I get the message: Oops!
This document cannot be opened.
I have synced the e-reader several times, but that doesn't help.
I don't see the books anywhere on my computer.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG NAME-N, today approx.
13.4
I understand what went wrong.
I ordered these books on the account EMAIL
these should have been on the account EMAIL
fine
yes sorry I have some problems with the e-reader
The problem is solved.
I was logged out and then logged in again.
After restarting, both purchased books are on my e-reader.
thanks for the help
I understand that my accounts EMAIL and EMAIL are linked?
Because when I log in via PRS-ORG, that account uses EMAIL
I am offline.
reply is also allowed to one of the mail addresses of me, thank you
