Hello!
One of the books I bought is no longer opening to read.
When I click on it to read it, the app closes.
It is the only book that this is happening.
EMAIL
The exact date, I do not remember, but it was last week, if I'm not mistaken
I can't leave here to confirm it
Brazilian Portuguese: The discourse of the image
Name-N
OK
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M 😎
I enter in a match and when me or my opponent leaves the match, I am redirected and exit out of ut.
In all game modes
I don't know if it is disconnection because I have been like this since 4 am
I was doing the swaps in the amigaveis.
Yes
Due to the swaps, my buddies and I were playing golden goal.
I was missing 2 goals and an assist in depth
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Yes, sir.
NAME-M
I'm good.
I’ve been experiencing issues with the PRS-ORG game, specifically relating to reward bugs
With the new event that's happening, it shows that I have already completed it and I can already redeem all the rewards
But I'm stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly.
I sent the photos.
When I perform the missions it already shows that I have completed all of them, however I am still in ALPHANUMERICID.
It's all right.
Thank you very much
This problem is annoying me a bit, since the event rewards are very good rewards, and I cannot claim them because of this problem
Everything's okay then
I thought it was just me and he was a little more content knowing that you have been working on fixing that
I am much calmer, I didn't want to miss the items of this event kk
No, thank you very much.
Good Morning NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
And now I can’t change it to English
English*
I didn't find any settings either in the game or in the PRS-ORG
Thank you.
EMAIL
kkkkkk but this is already obvious my friend
I thought I would have another way to change without having to download 8GB of game again
But I thought there wouldn't be any other way
I thank you anyway
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Good evening my PRS-ORG the Career Mode is not working but it brings the archives when I open the game
Brazilian Portuguese: it's always like it's the first time
Brazilian Portuguese: i have to choose the game mode and then play that game
I have uninstalled it 3 times, but the problem continues.
I saw tips to switch from assisted to semi assisted at the time it works but when I restart the game the bug is back
I am losing my saved game.
Brazilian Portuguese: every time I have to redo
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hello, my brother did a PRS-ORG on my account by mistake.
He deceived me, however, I came out disadvantaged because he sent my team's players.
Could you claim the players back?
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Yes, if it were possible, because it was a mere mistake by my younger brother.
I apologize again.
EMAIL
It’s my dad’s email because I have been playing PRS-ORG on this account for a long time
Brazilian Portuguese: And at that time I didn't have email.
If it could be staffed, it would be more convenient.
Thanks in any way.
Rest of a good night!
Hello friends, good day.
I went to check now that my 300 bonus didn't go through, damn I didn't know it had to be on a game above 1.80, I lost because I bet everything, thinking I would have the bonus, is there no way to release it?
D:
Sorry, I didn’t see that it had to be over 180
I saw that now when I went to request it
I made the 300 reais deposit so I could play with no worries
knew he would get the bonus
if I should lose
I made a more secure bet and I lost. I requested it and it was not granted.
Thank you my dear
Oh, no.
Thanks.
I thought maybe you could make an exception.
alias was 300 né
Brazilian Portuguese: please
can't you see?
with the people there.
Alright then
Until next time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Name-M
Well.
I am, however, having problems logging into my PRS-T1 mobile account in my browser.
Yes
Yes
Always when trying to connect my PRS-ORG account, which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears.
I would like more information on this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you give me your name, please?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I cannot find the mods folder for the PRS-ORG, I already entered the game and the folder was not created.
I had personalized contents before, I had to format the notebook and NAME-M brought back all the contents.
But there is no mods folder
When I enter the game many personalized contents appears but the folder doesn't exist.
This, the folder does not exist
Already entered where it needs to be in PRS-ORG games, the PRS-ORG and after that there is no folder
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin with, can you please introduce yourself by name?
NAME-F
Good evening.
I can't play The PRS-ORG because my PRS-ORGs appear completely out of focus.
The support told me to use PRS-ORG First Name Last Name, but it didn't work.
I also named the folder The PRS-ORG the The PRS-ORG Old and uploaded the game to create a new folder but that did not solve it either.
I wanted to be able to play but the PRS-ORG comes out blurred (not the scenery)
I was using but as they were not working, I disabled and deleted it.
And without mods the issue is the same
It doesn't work, it is completely out of focus the PRS-ORG
There is no mod in there
I've tried it and it didn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide your name?
man, this is one messed up service, the PRS-ORG server keeps going down every hour today because
not like this
something is happening that we don't know
Brazilian Portuguese: now the game does not work again
Brazilian Portuguese: pleasure and we like to meet you
you can access ALPHANUMERICID
Brazilian Portuguese: it's not working.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I would like you to explain how it is possible for your technicians not to find a solution for my simple problem.
I do not have access to the PRS-ORG market on the web app
Brazilian Portuguese: Only in the web app
I already saw what you recommend doing.
Already did and already waited and nothing happened.
And they say that there is no solution possible?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good evening.
I am having issues with my game
i've already been trying for a while to solve the problem and it's still not working for my game
and I would like to reimburse him
but the start time for the first match has already passed
but I couldn't even get the game to load
Brazilian Portuguese: because the game is only in the menu screens
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
NAME-F
So, I’m trying to play my PRS-ORG game (full version) and now that I’ve played for the PRS-ORG system, the PRS-ORG says my system doesn’t support games in ALPHANUMERICID and advises me to contact the developer so that the game can be updated and I can continue playing.
That's why I'm here to ask for help
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, I am aware after research.
But my contact is a request that the PRS-ORG update the game for the current systems
Thank you NAME-N
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Portuguese: I can not download the PRS-ORG
Unfortunately PRS-ORG could not download your game.
Check your internet connection and try again.
other games do not make this error
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening.
My name is NAME-F
I hope you're ok too :)
I downloaded PRS-ORG again and it's in English, I remember when I was playing on the other computer it was in Portuguese.
Unfortunately I couldn't find the settings
Could you tell me how I put the PRS-ORG into Portuguese?
Yes, I'm unable to access PRS-ORG in Portuguese
Thank you very much for the help
Oh, thank you so much!
Do you know if this will have some provision?
Or if the language change will be automatic?
Thank you so much
It’s just like this.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
I have a PRS-ORG and I play PRS-ORG.
I would like to play PRS-ORG draft mode, however I don't have enough PRS-ORG points to enter and I can't purchase them
What can I do?
Yes
And getting normal coins is very difficult for so much time dps
Difícil saw, there's no other way to access the mode
I noticed that the servers are going to go off on the 14th
What is going to happen next
Basically, it will not be possible to play this mode anymore, right?
PRS-ORG I can't open packs, the store is unavailable for any type of purchase
Even msm the pack you get by completing initial missions
There is no way to open them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, can you please tell me your name?
Hello my PRS-ORG is locked
I can't check in without knowing what's happening
I didn't do anything against the rules.
It was a normal game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait a minute.
I'll check.
yes
The computer has a lot, NAME-N.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you introduce yourself please?
good night
I'd like help with that, more or less 2 months ago I bought the PRS-ORG and now it's free !
I need help, I’ve already had several problems with the game, which is hanging a lot, and now this loss!
I would like to request your consideration
I bought ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year, and just checked that it is free
I just spoke to them and they said that it is with you
brazilian portuguese: now it seems that I'll be thrown to the side.
I would like help from someone
about the case
yes, but I paid and now everyone else gets it for free
Okay, I understand your position, I am not satisfied with it and I am sorry for that position.
The game is available free for all subscribers and I'm paying for it.
Thank you for your attention and I apologize for bothering you.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning NAME-F, how are you?
my name is NAME-M
I would like to see some help with the situation I am experiencing with my PRS-ORG
I'm doing well too, thank you.
then the following happens:
ever since I bought the PRS-ORG I can't play a match without some performance related problem, the FPS goes down all the time and when it goes below 60 the game freezes
I've already tried to follow several tips on the internet about what to do to solve this and nothing worked, not even the second patch update that should have fixed problems like this as it was described and I don't know what else to do, but one thing is certain: I can't play the game.
I tried to ask for a refund of PRS-ORG but as I had already passed two hours (two hours trying to get the game to work) they would not accept
and I do not know what else to do, and it is impossible to play any game mode \
hello?
I think I have done all these processes and the problem still exists.
not to mention the silence of PRS-ORG about these problems and a future update to fix this
because I don't know what else to do
okay, I'll do it
but let's admit that if the PRS-ORG will release a patch it's gonna take a while a few good months ne
Brazilian Portuguese: and if it works
but thank you for the help
no, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you give me your name, please?
Good afternoon.
my name is NAME-M
I have problems to open the packages I won
in the store
thank you
Are 4 packages ok?
There is an info about connection problem and login
I also tried via the app and nothing
okay
okay.
I'll wait.
Brazilian Portuguese: anything let me know again
thank you so much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: how can I buy the game PRS-ORG to give it as a gift?
In that case, a code for the person to download the game on their PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy here, is there a link that I can share?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Could you start by telling me your name, please?
hello
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I just finished downloading the game.
by PRS-ORG games
I can’t change the language of PRS-ORG
yes
can't
he is in english
it's just a moment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
hello my name is NAME-M
I wanted  to put my prs-org account on my pc
How do you do that?
okay
thanks
ahhh
ok
Thanks!
Brazilian Portuguese: nn
Thanks
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello well, I hope you're fine too, let's get down to my problem: I used to play ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG platform, and then I bought two PRS-ORG, the game works just fine, the only problem is that I can't play online with my friends, they also have PRS-ORG.
My email registered is:
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: ID: NAME-N
I've already tried everything I know, I've already spoken to other support personnel by chat, but they weren't able to help me.
That, I am unable to play online mode with my friends.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: refund of the PRS-ORG
I had a negative experience.
in terms of performance on my computer
Brazilian Portuguese: the app crashes too much
Brazilian Portuguese: and it was not what I expected
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please introduce yourself?
Hello NAME-N!
Here is the NAME-F.
I need help to access my PRS-ORG account, the code is not arriving in my email.
A code just got here haha
Thank you for your attention, NAME-N!
No, it was just that!
Thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you tell me your name, please?
my name is and name-m as name-m
good afternoon
all is well
Brazilian Portuguese: I am well thanks for asking
so my PRS-ORG is not starting
I would like to disassociate my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
I think the error may be this
right
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: please check if that is correct
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: good morning
NAME-M
I'm doing fine and you?
I would like to change the email in my PRS-T1 account
how would i do this?
I send a security code to my e-mail to change it, but the message never arrives.
I am not receiving the emails from PRS-ORG
That's right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please tell me your name?
my name is NAME-N
I would like to transfer the account I unlinked recently from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I disconnected from this user thinking that I would be safe in PRS-ORG, but when I opened again, the account was lost
basically, I wanted to transfer my progress of the prs-org account to another user
and I ended up disassociating myself from PRS-ORG
and I can't log in to my account anymore
when I open PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG
he was linked to another PRS-ORG account
and a totally new progress appears
I would like to transfer the progress from this PRS-ORG account to another
The progress of PRS-ORG only
How can I continue?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
good afternoon , my name is NAME-F
I had an account on PRS-ORG, which was deleted by another person
my account was deleted
I had there the game of PRS-ORG with code : ALPHANUMERICID
I need help to recover my account.
EMAIL
I need help to recover the account.
it's been a while since he played and I think he's been deleted or banned
yes
EMAIL
but that was the email that they used
Good evening, I made the withdrawal yesterday at 00h and it has not been paid, I contacted you and the attendant said that there was a delay in payment, but that she would ask the responsible department to pay me early, but I went to enter my account now and the withdrawal returned to my account amuleto, what happened?
NAME-N to take it again?
NAME-N: Sem-títuloz.png
URL: URL
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N: image/png
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: 298569
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F what do you answer me in the email
right
Yes
but why it was cancelled
That’s what I want to know
should I do the withdrawal again?
then it's not my fault
everything is ok with my account, right?
not
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Yes
Since the update yesterday I can not get into ultimate team on the PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all PRS-ORG players
I don't have PRS-ORG
Moreover I only have 5 friends.
I can't solve the problem
I have goals to accomplish.
Today is the last day to get the NAME-N letter.
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the XP I am losing by not being able to play
But I have to play today
Because I only have until today to complete the objectives
How are they going to resolve this situation?
Will I be penalised against other players for having PRS-ORG??
I will lose players and important points
That's fine.
I'll wait.
Thank you for your help
No.
Brazilian Portuguese: It's all thanks to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-F is NAME-M
EMAIL
510034
I did not get this ban before I stopped playing, will I get banned again for restricted activity?
I just wanted to play again to pass the time but I’m seeing that I did this for nothing
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
good evening
Could you help me with a doubt?
I want to buy the PRS-ORG  ...
but for me to play this new map
am I obliged to buy the gol or ultimate version?
or by buying the basic one I can play right?
Gold or ultimate version *
i just want to know if it is possible to play the new map by purchasing the basic version of the PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
Firstly, can you tell me your name please?
Good afternoon.
there is no downloadable game.
I have sent an attachment.
I received a notification that it was available
says that became available at 58 minutes
How can I solve this if I have PRS-ORG?
it is already solved
it would be necessary to restart the PRS-ORG app
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Name-M
I bought the PRS-ORG, owned a PRS-ORG, but didn't realize that the version bought was just for it.
Now I have done an upgrade to PRS-ORG and I do not have the game for the new version.
Wouldn’t I be able to make it available?
Will I have to buy the same game again?
Since it costs the same on both platforms
Everything is alright then.
I'm not going to play anymore because I'm not going to pay twice for the same game.
I’m gonna wait for next year.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask you for your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to report two users who use hacks in the online mode of the game PRS-ORG.
One of them is named NAME-N, and the other one is named NAME-N
Both of them use commands that the scope automatically goes to the heads of the other players and they are able to see through walls.
In fact, the PRS-ORG online game server is loaded with users using this type of cheat.
Unfortunately, it's discouraging to play there.
I would like action to be taken against them.
The most just would be to ban them from the platform.
Okay.
I will report on the link that you sent me.
Just that.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please give me your name?
hello my name is NAME-M
NAME-M
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account with Twitch
just that she asks for an access code
in a number that I don't have anymore
i already tried those cases
only thing is that this says that it's going to send the verification code to a number that I no longer have
Brazilian Portuguese: and it is not the number that I am linked to
I used
Brazilian Portuguese: he takes me where I reported the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: it requires a verification code
and says it will send to a phone number
q I don't have more
Brazilian Portuguese: and I have already changed the number on the PRS-ORG account a while ago
Ok
thank you very much for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I know your name, please?
NAME-M
I would like to have a phone contact to speak with you.
My account has been hacked and you say there's nothing suspicious??
I'm not well
Vcs are playing with the clients
I am not enjoying this situation
Would it still be okay to say that I did what happened to my account?
Yes I would like to have someone to call
Please
Don't you have a number to call??
My email is EMAIL
I know they're going to tell me that no one's accessed the account.
But did they enter me in the account?
Okay, thank you.
No thank you just that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, please state your name.
Hello, how are you doing?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all the PRS-ORG points and jewels to win the NAME-M, and again no player!
Neither did last season’s promotion
I made a complaint
And I did not get a refund and did not win anything.
Only losses
Now the same promotion is gone from the store!
But it was reported last time already.
That is already the second time in a row
I am losing money
The assistant who told me I was the first one to report
Now this continues to happen
But reporting on what happened is not enough
How do I request a refund?
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name, please?
My name is NAME-M
I have already spoken to a colleague about a missing game in my library after doing what he asked me to do, the game is still missing.
And I as work and leave every day at 8 and a bit hard to have an online conversation that resolves me the situation given that I don't have access to my pc right now
EMAIL
The Missing Game and PRS-ORG
Game purchased on 26-11 in the PRS-ORG
I have restarted it, I have cheated, I have gone to the app that he told me about and I have even deleted the files, and still I don't have the game.
I have the payment proofs from the bank and PRS-ORG how the game was bought and how I already have 30hrs in it
It was paid 47.99€
I was able to start it via PRS-ORG already
Given that I am not at home, I was not able to login, but as soon as I get there I will check it out!
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
good evening, my name is NAME-M
I'm needing help as my PRS-ORG is reading my control as being a PRS-ORG
but my control is for PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG it appears as PRS-ORG and the control settings in the PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG are also as from PRS-ORG
but when I open the game it says PRS-ORG
before it was normal, I already tried everything to fix it but it doesn't work
was
changed to PRS-ORG for no reason
Brazilian Portuguese: and it doesn't get better
I've made a print to show that it's marked as PRS-ORG control in PRS-ORG
Where can I send it to?
Brazilian Portuguese: now returned to normal
thank you
have a good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, I have 38 players listed for transfer in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear with the "tick" as sold but, I didn't receive the coins and I can't withdraw them either.
They are frozen there.
I need gold letters to make the PRS-ORG
Have you understood?
That, the 38 players are trapped there on my transfer list
They are low values.
They are gold players of overall 79 maximum, around 1.500 per player.
They are listed there.
all gold, rare or common
I would have to add up the values of each player and did not do so
But it's already the second time you've made a mistake with me.
Time passes and nothing gets done.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, can you tell me your name please?
portuguese: hello good afternoon
My PRS-ORG does not open
Brazilian Portuguese: this happens every time you update the operating system
I bought it from PRS-ORG
my name is NAME-M
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: it just won't open
I already disabled the antivirus.
I have already tinkered with the data app
and there's no use to it
already did that friend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, when clicking to play multiplayer mode the game closes
Brazilian Portuguese: In just a few seconds
Brazilian Portuguese: what could it be?
PRS-ORG
I downloaded it through PRS-ORG, but it requires me to use the PRS-ORG to play it
I wish I could send you a video of what's happening
that's it, I downloaded the PRS-ORG, the game starts normally, the campaign mode works normally
just the multiplayer not
but the campaign runs normally, I can play normally
this error influences only the multiplayer
it's not even an error, the game just closes
I'm going to try to uninstall and install again
no
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Good evening
It's that I can't unlink the prime gaming account
I wanted to put in my new account
If you can help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account.
OK, I’ll wait, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you please indicate your name?
Why does PRS-ORG have a trash server?
DON'T COME AND ASK ME
JUST READ
NAME-N, does anyone know how to read it
And what was the problem that I said?
I didn't say that and my internet, it's not my pc
AND THE PRS-ORG SERVER IS JUNK
NAME-N, all attendants say the same thing
to this day the server still remains rubbish
Soon?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N, what a joke
Years and years of consumers complaining
The Brazilian Portuguese translation for "PRS-ORG not being greedy does not buy a server" is as follows:
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name, please?
my name is NAME-M
I went to mount a draft online.
and he came
2 NAME-N I sent the image attached
being that impossible
Right
can't help it
Brazilian Portuguese: in this case
I will take further action against the company
Brazilian Portuguese: we players pay to have a product, and as it has PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel that I'm harmed
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
Could you tell me your name to start with, please?
Why is the game so buggy after the update...PRS-ORG
When will the next update come out, so that I can know why there are no conditions there...
The player stops running from nothing...the defender jumps in front of the attacker. The fullback runs twice as fast as the wingers.
I make all dmes all of us in the first days of play on the other one is not in the field
I'm not complaining about the gameplay
Wl I do 8x1 9x1 this I did 4 in agony there is no way to play like this.
I want to know when the next PRS-ORG update will be???
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Yesterday I talked to NAME-M about my account that was hacked
she helped me, but I cannot log in to my PRS-ORG account
I have changed my password so many times already
and I can't sign into the account, which is linked with the PRS-ORG account
my NAME-M closed and I was unable to get in touch again
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Nice to meet you too.
I have a question about the PRS-ORG.
I see talk about becoming verified on the PRS-ORG.
Is it to be verified is to arrive in the elite division of PRS-ORG?
Ok.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I have your name, please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
I am in doubt regarding the PRS-ORG packages with problems
I saw that whoever made the player pick of PRS-ORG and got PRS-ORG will receive the player pick again.
However what made the pack icon prime and took away icon moments tbm will get it?
I withdrew a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG pack
I got it, in that case how long can it take for me to get it?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm OK thanks.
I subscribed to the PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG to play PRS-ORG but it doesn't seem to download without purchasing
I can acquire the PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check.
I can't find this game
I went to check the PRS-ORG games list now and all PRS-ORG are on PRS-ORG including PRS-ORG
Except for PRS-ORG that is not in PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I just got in contact because I have the same PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG and on PC, but on PRS-ORG he assigned me a different name.
In the PRS-ORG, in the PRS-ORG, I have a team in the PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I accessed the account in PRS-ORG, but in the Pc, a different name already appeared
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG name - NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: Name PRS-ORG PC  - ALPHANUMERICID
Email is the same - EMAIL
Yes, exactly, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here in PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when PRS-ORG offered it a few months ago.
Here at Pc
Yes, I know, but when I started PRS-ORG here on the PC, it went and got my account from PRS-ORG, so much so that I received the awards for continuing to use my account to play.
Apart from PRS-ORG, I've never played PRS-ORG on the Pc.
Yes, it is possible.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, please tell me your name.
Good afternoon, NAME-M
my name is NAME-M.
I was playing the weekend league and I was winning 3x1 when my rival abandoned the game
But I didn't win the victory
Can you verify this?
EMAIL
Should I have got the win right?
Brazilian Portuguese: No.
I believe that the penultimate
It was 3x1
Ah, that's okay then
But will it be accounted as a victory?
I understand.
Thank you.
No.
That's all
Thanks!!"
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you tell me your name, please?
Good afternoon
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put in the email it doesn't proceed
It does not advance.
ValéEMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: All lower case and no accents
How do I do this?
Kkkkk
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you give me your name, please?
I just purchased PRS-ORG points from the PRS-ORG site
I made the recovery on the account of the PRS-ORG
But it's not showing up in the game
Here it appears that I have 55 Reais available.
But how do I add it to the PRS-T1?
Is that right.
CREDITCARD
that was what I bought from PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I managed to get it back here in the account.
Brazilian Portuguese: the value
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Good afternoon!
I wanted to check with you if there is the possibility of deleting my account on PRS-ORG?
Because I am trying to log in and it says that there is a problem in my account
I wanted to uninstall and start over
I can not open my PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG games
also
It says "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account
I then sign in to PRS-ORG with my release email and the app opens
But I can't link the PRS-ORG and I can't open the game
I've already uninstalled the app and the game and installed again
Even then it did not solve
I really need your help, this is the second time I have spoken to you today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure is mine
So, I was away for a while and I can’t log into my old account
I have a doubt about the email, I believe it is: EMAIL
But when I ask to reset my password, I don't get the email
As PRS-ORG is a very old site it has undergone so many changes that I had to reactivate my email now
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
Hello.
Please I would like to cancel my subscription for PRS-ORG
I am trying to cancel through the billing page, but the option to cancel is not appearing
The associated email is the EMAIL
Already cancelling everything by PRS-ORG my subscription to PRS-ORG.
A doubt: if I sign up for PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG, will my progress in the other games I had on PRS-ORG continue?
Or would you start all over again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Good afternoon!
then I'm having a problem with the PRS-ORG app
I can't download the PRS-ORG
The msg appears: There was a problem with your download.
something went wrong during the download.
Wait a few minutes and try again.
Brazilian Portuguese: yes
I can do it only through PRS-ORG
I will do the procedures here
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening, my name is NAME-M
The same is true of NAME-M.
I created a PRS-ORG that says "Player Choice PRS-ORG", but I received a PRS-ORG.
I only did the PRS-ORG because I thought I would win the Player's Choice, if I had known that I was going to win the bundle I wouldn't have done it.
Is there anything that can be done?
Are you still here?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I was playing a PRS-ORG match when, after taking a goal, my opponent left the match
As soon as I left the match, a message appeared stating that the match was under review.
I was trying to get back into the game mode, and I could not, a message appears saying I do not have the right to play that mode
Shows up in rivals and PRS-ORG
In the PRS-ORG usually enters
No, I want to quit, there are still 7 matches left, but I can't play
I'm finding that I've been banned unfairly
1 minute.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
Ah perfect, I was afraid I took the wrong bus kkkkkkkkk
Thanks for your help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
This is my game login, my account was banned on PRS-ORG, I had not played for a while and I noticed that some coins had disappeared.
I think I was hacked!
I have played since 2012 and I have never made any anti-game!
I need you to check for me what is happening
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
so I am having problem logging in to PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: one time they say it's PRS-ORG's problem and another time it's the servers'
I have already visited their sites many times.
and it never gets right
what did I do
Brazilian Portuguese: I do.
that worked now
thank you for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you please indicate your name?
Hello NAME-M, good day!
My name is NAME-M
Pleasure to meet you!
NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG via my cellphone on the PRS-ORG app, when I got home I logged into the game and the PRS-ORG weren't there
I bought it again for the game, it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORG of the second purchase fell
But the first purchase, the PRS-ORG didn't drop in the game
Yes!
It has already been 24 hours.
I bought it yesterday at 10:05
Man, I feel cheated by the loss of these PRS-ORG
I got it!
I will contact the PRS-ORG, thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Could you please start by telling me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
All right and how about you?
I am trying to buy PRS-ORG points, and when I log in to see the PRS-ORG point options a message appears.
You can't add PRS-ORG points at this time.
Try again later
A few days ago, it never happened.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Sorry, I didn't understand?
Is the server blocked to buy PRS-ORG points for PRS-ORG 18?
I understand, then it is a temporary problem.
If within 24 hours I do not succeed, I will get in touch again.
Thank you for your attention
Recently, I bought 24 e-books through the PRS-ORG app and paid with my credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase?
I am waiting.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 03/03/2021
We recently purchased 24 e-books through the PRS-ORG app and paid for them with a credit card.
I would like to know if an NF will be issued for this purchase?
Waiting.
Will you issue a NF for the purchase we did through the PRS-ORG app?
For every sale of a product, an NF is generated, right?
I would like to know if you will send me the NF of the purchase of 24 e-books that we just made by email
How come?
You are not in partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
Good evening NAME-M.
I was already chatting with another agent, but my connection fell.
I'm fine, thanks for asking
My PRS-ORG game has a bug, where the icon marker is moving without me touching the control
I already changed the controller and it keeps bugging out.
Yes.
When I turn on the game, the arrow to select the icons keeps changing positions incessantly, and this is all happening without me touching the control.
I've tried different controls and it still persists the bug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Name-M
Can you help me?
I already have PRS-ORG bound to the PRS-ORG account
I already played PRS-ORG normally.. until yesterday
Brazilian Portuguese: I can't log on the PRS-ORG anymore, it says: sorry, a connection error with the PRS-ORG occurred
EMAIL
I even formatted my pc to see if it would come back.... and it still doesn't work
I am going to send a print screen
Brazilian Portuguese: has just resumed operation
Did you make any adjustments?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you give me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good evening.
I cannot link my account with the PRS-ORG
I put the email and password but the code doesn't arrive in my email
EMAIL
this one above is the main one
the secondary is EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: but does not give the option to put secondary to link
I managed to get that code you sent
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have a particular problem
in my PRS-ORG
i'm having a problem
that when I try to change the graph of the shadow details, to the deactivated one, it goes back to the bottom out of nowhere
I just want to leave it disabled but I can't
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: here's the email
It must be some technical problem, NAME-F I tried uninstalling the game and reinstalling it, formatting the PC, and it didn't work
still gives the same problem
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F?
Brazilian Portuguese: this is really long ago
Brazilian Portuguese: almost a year already
is this not the problem
Brazilian Portuguese: the problem is in my game graphics
only the "shadows details [lighting]' that keeps changing downward, by itself
even though I want to leave it deactivated.
NAME-M, I hope to get a response back from you as soon as possible
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Hello 😸
My insignia on 10/10/10 did not count
Each of the team members have to kill 10 people to get it, we got it but she did not say
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG Game
I have photo and video if that helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I know your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello, good morning
My name is NAME-M.
My account is associated with the email EMAIL
Last night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG and they still have not entered the account
Brazilian Portuguese: ID PRS-ORG
E-mail EMAIL
I bought it directly from the PRS-ORG store
Direct game purchase was giving an error
I opened the PRS-ORG menu, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reais
You remain the value that the account has the signature of the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I renewed the PRS-ORG subscription but it went into duplicity.
I want to cancel one of the charges
Brazilian Portuguese: the signature is for PRS-ORG
I did the purchase through PRS-ORG itself
In the PRS-ORG app
Brazilian Portuguese: okay then
thanks.
only that
NAME-F
Brazilian Portuguese: bom dua
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Could you begin by telling me your name, please?
I need to inform that the request was received.
... lack of testing if I can download it
and if the brochure that came in the PRS-ORG
where do I print?
with the instruction manual
I bought version 4.
without limitations of free to be released on 18th
already appeared in the download environment
but I need to know where to find the manual to download with the license of use and instruction.
also
it would be like downloading starting and the manual instruction is like the PRS-ORG
when I bought it, it was physical media
and the instruction manual
yes
in addition I thank you
Good morning and have a great day at work!
Brazilian Portuguese: just that.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello, good night!
I would like to request my rivals reward as I have completed 8 weekly wins
My name is NAME-M
My email is EMAIL
Ah yes 🙌🏻
It is okay
Thank you for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I have sent the photo of the error when entering
I was in an online match, and during the middle of the game, my Internet went out.
I am trying to reconnect but I can't
I sent a photo of the error
I'd like to enter the PRS-ORG menu
Need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I am restarting consolation.
PRS-ORG* console
Brazilian Portuguese: And I'll try again
I think it worked 🤞🤞
That was it.
Thank you so much for your help
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please may I have your name?
I bought PRS-ORG
not fallen
I attached exactly how you asked
and I need them to be placed manually
I want to buy something with a time limit.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
EMAIL
guy I'll lose the promotion and I'll sue you.
second call that I open and you guys in this foolishness
Proof of address has already been sent, it was supposed to be in my account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, may I ask your name please?
Hello friend
I have been banned and wanted to use my email for another account
I want you to delete my account.
Yes
Clear everything
I want to use this email again friend
EMAIL
the account has already been deactivated and you will get the email returned
My PRS-ORG account is of this email, I can't play PRS-ORG in it because you are withholding my email
how to modify??
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you indicate your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Then NAME-F, good afternoon!
I'm having a problem of disconnects, or dc as it is better known, in my account.
It is not my internet, because I am never disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, only from the matches.
And this is harming me a lot, especially in PRS-ORG's, especially because it is very important not to lose silly matches to try and get a higher rank, now what do I do if I have to deal with these types of disconnections every week?
That, I am experiencing disconnection problem
Facing**
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First off, could you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, how are you doing?!
So, it appears that today, there is an update on the game, correct?!
I have a PRS-ORG digital
The game updated normally but when I opened it the game gave an error
I already uninstalled and reinstalled it.
However continues in the error
I can't play, an error message always appears
I have the photo.
It can keep
I'll wait.
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and it's all OK
Only the PRS-ORG itself gave an error after this update, and it no longer opens
Do you think you can still release it today?
Or give some time?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account has been suspended from the transfer market
Account : ALPHANUMERICID
However, I am not in any coin buying and selling scheme
Correct
Of course
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please know your name?
My name is NAME-M
I want to switch the PRS-ORG account that is linked to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked a PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account but it is actually my cousin's account, and I have signed up for PRS-ORG and now I want to replace an account with the other one.
I want to link another Prime account
Only that I can't, because it says that I can't link another account
But I don’t want to use the 2, I just want to put the prime I signed up for
I want to link another prime gaming account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have bought the PRS-ORG and it won't load.
Get stuck in the story mode loading screen
My pc meets the requirements to play and I have tried to lower the graphics to maximum to try to load
So what remains is waiting to be corrected?
Is there nothing I can do?
I want to play the game
Come to find out that earlier in the year the same game was on sale and I bought it and had the exact same issue.
I asked for a refund because I thought it was a hardware problem.
Will I have to wait another 1 year for I can play the game?
8 months have passed and the problem was not solved.
it is difficult to trust your word that soon it will be solved
What a joke
But ok
I don't have anything to do really
Thank you for at least letting me know.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please introduce yourself?
NAME-M
I am unable to start a game.
It was after I did a DME that this error began...
Yesterday morning I was playing normally.
Now the night is with the problem
The message that you have connection problem with PRS-ORG appears
And then, it will return to the main menu
I can't start a game in any game mode
I already tested my connection and everything is fine
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Is everything alright with my account?
Are others also experiencing this problem?
How do I solve it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you introduce yourself by giving your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good evening.
I am not able to play PRS-ORG.
I am subscribed to PRS-ORG, and PRS-ORG is included in it
It turns out that when opening the game, the error appears, which I attach images of.
Remembering that this is the 10th hour of the evaluation
I even got access to the game early.
But now I'm trying and the error is appearing.
Talk so that I can verify my subscription, it is active until the 02 of next month
Ok
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
How's it going, friend?
I'm having trouble logging into PRS-ORG mode and some friends are having the same problem too.
How nice!
☺️
Yes, I sent it at the start of the conversation
A photo of what appears
Unable to connect to PRS-ORG.
Please try again later.
This message that appears
What I play in PRS-ORG is another profile.
Play PRS-ORG on one account, and PRS-ORG on the next
EMAIL
It's the e-mail
Yes yes
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I still have problems starting the game
I can't play
the anticheat is giving problems
a so called memory dump appears in the error message
I got in touch earlier and was told they would immediately sort out this problem
and I just signed up for PRS-ORG so that I could play the game today
I want to know when I'll be able to play
Yes
I’ve already tried many things
Portuguese: and nothing solves
Brazilian Portuguese: you may already know about this problem
Then, what is the solution?
the problem is the anticheat then?
I mustn't do anything on my computer?
okay
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Name-M
I can't play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG
A message appears saying I have no permissions
Yes.
Says that I don't have the necessary rights to access this resource
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
I was talking with another operator and the conversation failed.
regarding my last open PRS-ORG case
no, I bought the PRS-ORG at his event!
however right after you nerfed him and he is unplayable, my request was whether I could exchange my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one!
because I deeply regret having bought his and nerfed the doll
I would be very grateful if you could help me.
I was speaking with another attendant but the call dropped, he said that he would check with the team
attendant*
Brazilian Portuguese: yes or refund to pick up the wraith
Brazilian Portuguese: wraith's update
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG is the game that I love the most, that I have played the most since Season 1
Brazilian Portuguese: I would really appreciate if you could help me.
poxa
Brazilian Portuguese: not even a code to try to buy the new heritage?
I wouldn't care if he stopped being
seer
you give so much code to these streamers who are always talking badly about the game and we, the game lovers, end up being hurt by the nerfs they do on the dolls
i would have been playing with him if they didn't kill him
now I have spent and I regret it and ngm can help me
Brazilian Portuguese: a code you would be helping me I would complete what is missing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hi, I had my account hacked, or my mobile phone hacked, I don't know, and they sold my players, my coins are gone, and I was banned from the market
I was very focused on my account now this happened I'm discouraged
I’m already trying to contact you give me 5 stars attention the support only sends emails that won’t revert the home
Case
My account is old and it never got banned it wasn't me
And to start another account does not make sense, I already have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is already linked
Help me please
I'm desperate.
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
this problem is going on for a week already
I'm very angry.
When I start the anticheat, the message "could not start" appears.
Necessary administrator access this problem has been persisting for a week
I need a response as soon as possible
YES HONEY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-F.
NAME-M.
Then, I took advantage of the discount of 70% that PRS-ORG is giving, and decided to purchase the PRS-ORG.
NAME-F, I've installed, but when I run the game I get these error messages... I have no idea what they mean or how to solve them...
I have attached the print in the chat window.
Yes, that's right.
I open the game from the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG webpage, also starts through PRS-ORG, and shows the errors I sent in the print.
Has NAME-F been able to access the print I sent?
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, please can you tell me your name?
I've already reinstalled the PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG App, but PRS-ORG won't open.
The PRS-ORG app opens twice and won't open the game.
It was fine up until yesterday.
Correct
I’ve already searched all possible tutorials of yours.
There is nothing else to do but to format my computer...
Even the last customer service agent sent 3 links to my email that I had already accessed previously.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: This is associated with my PRS-ORG account, which is where I bought it from.
No error message is displayed.
He just doesn't open.
It does not even manage to open PRS-ORG
The APP PRS-ORG simply closes and opens again in offline mode.
okay.
they were the same links that they sent me last time
I already accessed it and it did not solve it.
looks like I'm going to have to try to format my computer because you don't know why
Thank you for nothing
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello my friend, how are you?
my name is NAME-M
Yes, I am
I bought the PRS-ORG a few minutes ago, but did not like the game much.
Brazilian Portuguese: I then wanted to ask for a refund
can you help me with that?
Of course, a friendly moment
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Good night!
my name is NAME-M
I was thinking about getting PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG but I can't figure out if my PC has the requirements to run the game
my processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID    2.40 GHz
and I have 8 GB of RAM
but the graphic card is
Yes, but graphics card only has Nvidia or PRS-ORG
My graphic is the Intel HD graphics 520
is it possible to run the game?
ah, ok
well, it seems I will have to invest in a video card
Thank you for the help!
thank you
That's all for today!
Good rest of the day and good work!
thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you tell me your name, please?
I am NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the server fell
Am I going to miss the match?
Yes but will I get the PRS-ORG admission returned?
I can't connect
The server is down
My internet is perfect
It was the server that went down while I was playing
I want to know if I will get my PRS-ORG entry back?
Portuguese (BR): It's not just me who can't get in
Everyone I know is not managing
It was not my internet's problem
It was problem of your server
I just do not want to lose the match on account of it.
I just want the PRS-ORG subscription returned
Okay
Just that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: I wanted a refund
of the game  that I bought the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: I am unable to play
Brazilian Portuguese: the game is in error and I can't log in to play
Brazilian Portuguese: I have conditions but I do not want the money back
3 days that I can't log in to play
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M birth
Good evening, how are you doing?
I am getting in touch because you deleted my team and I want to see the possibility of getting it back
NAME-N this game makes me nervous kkkk
That too.
Brazilian Portuguese: No ultimate time
Name of the club: The Wizard’s troop
Okay.
EMAIL
Huuum ok then I'm ending my participation in PRS-ORG
Thank you for the attempt.
Good night NAME-F everything is good, stay with God
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Hello, my NAME-F
How are you doing?
My home on PRS-ORG has disappeared
I was in touch now, asked me to follow an error solution step-by-step by PRS-ORG
I had to restart the computer and lost the dialogue, but it didn't work
I didn't use any corrupted items, only the ones from the package,
It disappeared for a time, I opened a solution request, and after a while the update appeared and came back
I created the family and when I put it in the house it disappeared again
Right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
Could you tell me your name please?
Good evening my question is regarding the PRS-ORG
The 10 hours of PRS-ORG count only when the game is open
Either say from the first moment that you are opening the game
More if I close the game and do something else the test continues for a while
Or just when the game is open?
In the event if I turn off my PC the time still continues isn't it?
If the game is completely sealed
Brazilian Portuguese: The weather still continues
Or only if the game is open
Ok, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N
To get started, may I know your name, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hi.
I am tremendously desperate because I logged into my account yesterday and I noticed that practically all of my coins were withdrawn.
Around 1 million and 100 thousand coins.
I don't know what to do about it!
That's why I've come to ask for help
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, please can you give me your name?
Good evening, I just got in touch about a problem with downloading the purchase I made.
I re-purchased the product and it still has the same issue
My Name : NAME-M
That's okay.
I still have a problem downloading the PRS-ORG package for the PRS-ORG I bought.
I am using the PRS-ORG app.
Could it be a problem of this app?
I managed to download it
I cleared the app cache
from the PRS-ORG App in the "App recovery" option
worked .
For now, only compulsory!
Good night
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, please give me your name.
NAME-F
I bought a game and I can not download it, can you help me?
I installed the PRS-ORG app on my computer.
I bought the PRS-ORG collection of worlds
EMAIL
I am not receiving an error message, I would like you to teach me to download the game via the PRS-ORG app
he only comes out (YOU ALREADY HAVE THAT COMPLIMENT)
But I do not know how to download the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I already have a PRS-TOP level 500 account
however, I want to play on pc and link the same account
will my things in PRS-ORG account be lost when the cross progression comes?
Brazilian Portuguese: the game is PRS-ORG legends
but I play on pc now
with the same email.
Brazilian Portuguese: etc.
is there going to be some future issue?
I am a writer and the owner of the rights to the book "The Fairy and the Witch"
URL
you can't sell!
Brazilian Portuguese: the company that put the book there can not see the same one ... favor remove ...
I'm not speaking as a user.
I speak as a writer and the owner of rights.
You are human.
I want to speak to a human
thanks I'll open a case
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
Hello Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to solve my problem, I decided to get in touch with you.
When starting PRS-ORG, it gives me an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I tried everything I saw on the internet to solve it but it was all in vain.
Basically, you're my last chance
In the matter in question, I did not do that.
Would you like me to do it?
just give me a minute please, I'll be fast
Unfortunately it still gives the same error
After following all the steps the same error appears again when starting the PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately I can't open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS on the PRS-ORG App Companion.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Hi, I’m not able to connect to rivals
It has been over 15 hours.
I am able to log in to play the rivals
A warning is popping up, more than 15 hours
Yes
I had already contacted support and they said the problem would be resolved quickly.
However, the problem still remained
All right, and what about rewards?
There is still 1 match left to be caught, and 12 hours left to finish Rivals
Everything is okay
And how could I get these packages later on?
Because it is the progress of every season, there are 89 games to get the best reward, and I am not managing to play to get the 90th game.
It's frustrating that we played a whole season and weren't rewarded
Especially in such an important event as the TOTY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: is it okay?
so, a while ago I deleted my gmail that was part of a PRS-ORG account and nowadays I cannot have access to my old account just because I deleted my old gmail
how could this help me?
brazilian portuguese: this account I'm talking about now and my gmail is working, that is to say, I want to try and get my old account back
that is registered with that gmail
EMAIL
that old gmail was deleted and I forgot to switch to PRS-ORG before deleting it and I had games there
as bf4 and others
How can I recover the account through PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
so, NAME-M.
Today I bought and downloaded the game NAME-F and after installation, it does not open.
I keep getting the following message: "There was an error on our part that caused the startup failure.
Try again later."
no, it is installed.
But it won't open when I begin...
yes
Good afternoon, please delete my account.
Why did I like the amuletobet?
I found a better betting house
Agile URL doesn't apply to bonuses and withdrawals
I can't play with platforms like this
I am sorry but I can’t do it.
Bonus denied.
That’s why I want my registration deleted, and I don’t even want the bonus, because I’ve already made a decision, and that’s it.
I don't want it anymore, I found another gambling house that is better, and I value that a lot as well as my form.
Tchau de já fico grato.
For exclusion.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
I bought the PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG and when I start the PRS-ORG my game is not in the library, when I start the PRS-ORG I am redirected to the PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I have not received any code, it gives an error of access denied, I have proof of purchase printed
Yes
Actually I bought it from PRS-ORG, did not know there was a code
but when I try to start the game I'm redirected to PRS-ORG and it asks me for the code
I contacted PRS-ORG and they directed me to the PRS-ORG website, now I am lost, one sending me to the other
And right here on the website it says that I can appeal to you
I've lost my code and haven't installed using the PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose a product code, please contact us so we can help.
It’s possible that you may be asked to show proof of purchase, so keep it handy.
this is a topic that I found
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please let me know your name?
NAME-F
My pleasure
I bought the PRS-ORG game, however I can't access it
I'm teaching the email but I'm not able to conclude
I can not go ahead and use it
I thank you very much.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please provide your name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Please help me.
I got hacked and by what I saw they deleted my PRS-ORG club.
I invest a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and I can't lose my account this way.
As I sent you the photo in the attachment now this morning I tried to enter my companion app of PRS-ORG and I do not have the club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thank you very much in advance for the help.
Last time I played was Tuesday night.
Yesterday I did not play because I worked all day and today when I wanted to go into the club in the morning it said there was no club.
Ok thanks for the info
So you say it's about that and I wasn't hacked
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm trying to link a PRS-ORG account
Brazilian Portuguese: however, he says that another one is already connected
Brazilian Portuguese: having already disconnected last week
EMAIL
this is the email that I want to link
What is listed as linked is the EMAIL
I was not using the old one.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please introduce yourself?
Good afternoon
My name is NAME-M
I can't sign into my PRS-ORG account on the PRS-ORG game
The app closes as soon as I get to the option of placing the order
Yes
I have already restarted it
I already uninstalled and reinstalled the app
And again the problem persists.
No
The game has just been installed
He did not ask for any updates
Okay.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask your name, please?
NAME-M
My name is that
I am doing great.
I can't log into my PRS-T1 mobile
In case for my account
The error is login because it doesn't appear to me, it's as simple as that.
Only a dark image remains
And it just keeps loading
thanks for trying to fix it for me, I thank you very much.
Yes I am using the PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
That’s the ID I was using.
NAME-M
the email is EMAIL
I was already attended in the PHONENUMBER protocol
nothing helped.
Brazilian Portuguese: the game just closes whenever I open it
by PRS-ORG or by PRS-ORG
I have already reinstalled, I have done everything
Brazilian Portuguese: and it still doesn't open.
from the black screen
exactly
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I ask your name, please?
Hello, NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M and I was speaking with PRS-ORG when the window closed.
Brazilian Portuguese: It is also a pleasure
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins, but I didn’t even select the difficulty.
My energy went down and I lost coins without contesting the draft.
Can you help me?
EMAIL
Thank you
Unfortunately, this doesn't solve the problem.
There is no reward once the draft is not disputed, but PRS-ORG got my 15 thousand coins.
There's nothing else you can help.
Lamentable.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please state your name?
NAME-M
I am not feeling very well unfortunately
my account is advertising my players and items on the PRS-ORG
doing selling and buying without me asking!!!
I don’t know if somebody is accessing my account or is it some kind of bug
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
My account email says that there isn't one
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
But he enters
My email is and this EMAIL
I just want to recover the account
No Brazilian Portuguese: No PRS-ORG entra normal
On the PRS-ORG app
Brazilian Portuguese: No
I believe so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I am not able to complete the payment of the plans. It gives me a "not authorized" error even though I have the credit in my card.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: pass the card, normally
seconds later
Brazilian Portuguese: the purchase is reversed
I tried 2 different cards
what should I do?
Should we try again later?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, may I have your name please?
My name is Shitty Indian.
Going to drink at his own expense, you bastard!
That company had to blow up with all of you inside, you're gonna take a hit
Disgusting handicap in this game.
Always favoring the worst ones.
If a son of a bitch plays poorly or has a shitty team the problem is his own fucking problem.
There you are, just ruining the game with this handicap.
Speak to me, NAME-N, are you not ashamed to work at this company???
Aren’t you ashamed to work for the PRS-ORG?
How much time you need to answer a simple question?
My question is: Are you not ashamed to work for PRS-ORG?
It's a very simple question: Yes or no?
Well based hahaha they did a brainwash on you, buddy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Do you have a link that I could access?
Not to use the app
The link let me log in, but will I be able to play PRS-ORG through this app?
Hey, from this link
Same in PRS-ORGado
How?
:C
When I click on PRS-ORG, it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, but gives options to download PRS-ORG
Is it not possible through the PRS-ORG?
My God
Brazilian Portuguese: And now?
I've already uninstalled and installed and nothing
I then get into the PRS-ORG program which is installed on the computer, but it opens the PRS-ORG which does not load and the game does not open
I will restart it, I hope it works
I am desperate.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-M.
To start, could you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: hi how are you doing?
then, since last week I've been with speed lagging problems
however my connection is good and the servers are working too
i dont know if the video was attached
I normally connect to the servers, I can log into the PRS-ORG
however, when entering the match, some signs appear in red in the upper corner of the screen
and locks everything, and from nowhere everything becomes super fast.
the ping is always between 30 and 40
but they show a different sign in red at the top of the screen
I don't know if it was easy to understand.
so my problem probably be with the internet provider right
Unfortunately.
What a life, what a bag
not was just that thanks so much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Yes
I bought the pass today at 16:00 but it did not release, I've been sending proof since then and talking with the attendant to solve it.
Now they asked me to speak in the live chat
Can you explain step by step
Because when I leave I have to do everything all over again
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you give me your name please?
good afternoon
Brazilian Portuguese: e português
hello
my god kkkkkkkkk
I didn't know that language
Brazilian Portuguese: then NAME-N
but I do not know the email of the account of those codes
how chic
I can send you the email address of the account with which I am talking to you now
but it's not the account with the expansions that I am referring to
my email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I would like to know how to access the PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, I stayed playing it all day and I couldn't get it
Is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
thank you too, in the transfer page it appears that my PRS-ORG account still does not have access.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, I have to win playing to get access
better that way, I thought NAME-M had taken a bath without NAME-F nothing kkk
thank you ^^
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I opened an attendance and got an email yesterday saying it had finished
But the reward that was supposed to come didn't come to me
EMAIL
Oshi mais aqui is different for me
It's been analysed and the coins were credited to my account
And how come I can add some game credits to my account and you can’t do anything about it?
So, what are you useful for?
We pay so much for a game when it's requested a vs and when customer service is not able to solve for me
And I still end up losing money
I want a solution.
What happens if I stay in the red?
Dude, if it has to be done I won't accept it
How is it that I have content from your account and someone else and I’m the one who’s losing out?
And even if an email comes saying that it worked and it was a mistake and that the game coins will be added to the account?
Something is not right
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Will I have to buy PRS-ORG again?
in the order history shows that the status of the PRS-ORG failed
hello, pleasure
In my card’s application, it shows that the payment is ongoing
but because the status in the order history showing that it failed I was in doubt
One more doubt, the amount will be refunded to my credit card then, right?
I am not at risk of having two PRS-ORGs
Perfect, thank you so much for the attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
I hope you are doing fine
Is it possible to transfer a game, PRS-ORG, to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I am disappointed, because I can't access the web app.
It says I do not have a club
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I bought a pack in the store today for .25.000 and it came with a loan icon and 5 players 82+, but I got a different one from what was described
I never had problems with that before.
Brazilian Portuguese: date of purchase do on today at 15:48
I understand.
will I receive the correct package?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, I was being attended but the connection fell.
Brazilian Portuguese: CASE_ID PHONENUMBER
Game failed to start due to PRS-ORG issues.
I have already followed the instructions of the attendant on the uninstall and reinstallation of the anticheat and starting PRS-ORG as admin, and it has not solved the problem
EMAIL
OK, solved the problem.
It worked.
The game is back in business.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself?
Good afternoon
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
I am blocked on my transfer market in the PRS-ORG
I have been a PRS-ORG customer since PRS-ORG 18.
But I used to be on the PRS-ORG platform, and this year I bought one for PRS-ORG
NAME-N
Of course.
Thanks!
service interruption ?
Brazilian Portuguese: what is that?
Ahh tá.
I'll call you back soon
Thank you very much NAME-M
Have a great day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
As a start, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
So, I bought a PRS-ORG from American stores on a promotion that came with the PRS-ORG, and when the product arrived to me, I activated the code to download the game, I redeemed it, but it didn't appear the game so that I could download it.
NAME-N appears on the PRS-ORG to buy.
I got in touch with the store support and they asked to speak to you.
this
Brazilian Portuguese: I cannot download using the activation code that came with my voucher
EMAIL
The code is not with me, I have to go and get it.
NAME-F I'll forward it to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
I can’t install the PRS-ORG
I click to install and the installation process does not start
Brazilian Portuguese: it closes automatically
correct
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG application does not start, nor the setup for installation
I have already tried to download another setup or restart the PC, download the system updates but so far nothing worked
nothing happens
I click on the setup of the PRS-ORG it simply does not work
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
I wanted to solve a problem with my login with the PRS-ORG draft
On Security Check where it appears the words to copy
I don't get it right, that's it.
I am having problems logging in
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello Manas!
Here I am again, I've talked to you lately about my old PRS-ORG account being linked to my PRS-ORG account, but the same message insists on appearing even after three hours, is that normal?
I am the NAME-M!!
I opened the support ticket with you at about 20:30
However that message still persisted even after you disconnected the PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG
OK!
I will be waiting!
I can try again then tomorrow morning!
If not resolved, I will try contact you again, ok?
Good to the point!!
I will take a look at the site you sent me, thanks again for your help!
I would like to apologize for all the trouble haha, I feel like I'm bothering you!
Thank you so much!!
It was a pleasure to get your help again with this issue I am having!
I hope that tomorrow morning it will already be disconnected from the old PRS-ORG!
always when I enter the game the PRS-ORG world does not appear
have already restarted the pc and reinstalled the app PRS-T1
Already cleared the PRS-T1 app cache
o The PRS-ORG opens normally
more world doesn't show up PRS-ORG
and every time I clear the PRS-ORG app caches the PRS-ORG appears to download
EMAIL
brazilian portuguese: apart from the cloudy weather here,
I'm so excited to be able to play this new pack and so far it's only sadness
I just received a number
key to case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start off, can you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
My The PRS-ORG game is not loading...
A download error appears in my "save"
I access the game through PRS-ORG
NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
It's done now!
I restarted the game and the game application.
Thank you very much for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon NAME-M
Everything okay?
I submitted a withdrawal request but realized that it was denied, and I didn’t receive the reason why
Could you see what the problem is for me?
Is the code the bank number?
Because I have filled in this item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know
I will try to make another request
Thank you.
No
Thanks
Good afternoon
Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
My name is NAME-N
Friend, please
I won a WL match and my opponent is insulting me on the PRS-ORG chat
I attached a few images, I don't know if you were able to read them
I received xenophobic insults, calling me NAME-N
I received death threat "you will die"
I got insults like the ones in the image
His ID is "NAME-N"
The blessed one created 3 secondary accounts and is messaging me there, saying he will have me banned
Please help me, these attitudes are not acceptable
I attached it before starting the live chat
How do I put that here?
I have 4 images.
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Do you guys need pictures, too?
I have a print of the conversation and all of his messages
Ok
I will do this now
Thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
my name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: my pleasure.
well I'm trying to log into PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG 18 but it says my account is currently locked.
Portuguese (Brazil): asks me to log in on the console I played the game on but I no longer have access to it.
Brazilian Portuguese: so you tell me to contact the PRS-ORG Help
Certissimo
ok it no longer appears the message that it is blocked and asks me to choose a security question, so I think the problem is solved.
yes, I was able to enter.
Thank you very much for the help.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Opened several rare megapack today which showed as tradeable, but were actually untradeable
That hurt me a lot (dropping players, timing, etc)
I attached a video that shows
I would like to know what will be done about it.
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please introduce yourself?
Hello good morning
Yesterday I made the purchase of the PRS-ORG
I have a question about the content
The items that come with the promotion are inserted immediately or only upon the game's release?
Because it didn't drop the PRS-ORG points and other intens
Could you please inform me?
In the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: Access has been consolidated
However, the items do not
Okay thanks
Brazilian Portuguese: Hi good afternoon, I am having a problem verifying my paperwork.
An account verification was requested by email, after I requested a withdrawal of 200 reais
I have sent all the documents and now they are requiring a copy of my credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual
And expiration date have already passed, many of them have not even been approved for payment
I've never had any problems with PRS-ORG, but I'm upset
What do I do?
No, that's it.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning
NAME-M
So, I am running the PRS-ORG with a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, an NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card and 24GB of ram.
My settings are above the recommended by PRS-ORG for playing, but the game is crashing a lot.
Several people are complaining.
I would like to know if PRS-ORG is aware of the issue and if there is already any solution
I didn't receive any error.
What is happening is that I am within a game, the screen freezes and then the game returns at a very high speed, like it is on PRS-ORG
In addition, PRS-ORG is using about 80% of my video card to run
That's not normal.
That's fine.
I'll check it and get back to you.
I would only like to report this problem, which several people are experiencing.
It is not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use 80% of the video card
Thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day
Just that
Thank you.
Hug
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Well, recently, I purchased PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG.
I entered the game and was met with the error that my game needs the internet?
What was strange, if I had internet
but after some research, I discovered that I need a key to enter the game
I can not create an account
In this case, I can't create an account inside PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
That is the case, I was recently banned from the PRS-ORG transfer market just on the web app, and now I am also banned from the market on all platforms because I used a trade site
I confess I used a trade site but it was for a little while
And not even to benefit myself.
Yes
But I think I was banned unjustly
Why had I removed the site from my account?
Because he felt it was unfair to use the site
And I think I have been banned because recently my account had suspicious activity as well.
You ended up changing my account password, saving me
Email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-F
I wanted to ask a question: I have all of the PRS-ORG on my PC, if I sign up for PRS-ORG will I be able to link them to the PRS-ORG?
or do I need to buy all of them again?
no progress, but the expansions
because the PRS-ORG from pc spent more or less 5000 reals in all the expansions and extras
it is difficult to spend all of this money on the console now.
Brazilian Portuguese: there is only the base game or expansions too?
everything's ok, thank you
NAME-M that's it, thank you!!
have a great weekend!
I have a PRS-ORG that is experiencing problems on its screen: half of it has scratches and I can’t read the texts.
I would like to change the screen, but I am in Brazil and we do not have PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to get this screen fixed even though it will cost me a lot.
EMAIL
Grandma's house,
I had tried this before the pandemic and I think I’m going to keep trying to find something that will do this for me.
Anyway thank you so much.
For you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
Unfortunately I'm not well, my psyche is extremely shaken
I was threatened and the player also made psychological torture with me
Using low words for my family
If I got exhausted at some point it's because he himself started threatening and wishing terrible things
Yes.
But it was abusive when the player said that to me in PRS-ORG’s match chat
The attached photo was the beginning that he reported
I am deeply moved and I'm already going to call my psychologist who he said really shook me up a lot.
I am feeling very bad I have a daughter
He wished ill on me and my daughter as a father and I love my daughter
I'm feeling totally down I'm not having the strength to get up from the bed because of what he did
nader
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I have your name please?
I'm not succeeding
use PRS-ORGpoints
type, there's no way to open packs with them
what is strange to me is
Brazilian Portuguese: why do youtubers/streamers have it
opening packs with PRS-ORG points
type the URL is now opening packs with PRS-ORG points
okay.
thank you
Data for PRS-ORG, Transferência, Boleto... any option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you indicate your name for me please?
Hello!
My name is NAME-F.
I'm having problems with purchasing on the PRS-T1 application
I tried to buy some PRS-ORG packages several times without success
Can you help me?
I can't process the payment.
I selected the payment option and filled in my full name and CPF, but it doesn't generate the order
So I can't afford it
The collection of the value is not generated.
So I can't pay.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG user
SUCCESS!
The last attempt generated a spam request.
It worked!
Thank you so much!
PRS-ORG doesn't load on a part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name for the record?
Good morning.
My pleasure!
Both the version of my system (PRS-ORG) and of the game are updated!
No.
He starts and I play until one
Brazilian Portuguese: a little more than half of episode 8.
However, when trying to start from where I stopped within episode 8, it doesn't load!!
No error appears!!
The game simply crashes when I try to load from where I stopped!!
The screen gets dark and the game loading symbol stops spinning!
Then I need to close the application!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please provide me your name?
Hello, nice tart.
Then
Yesterday I did an improvement to the mid/prime icon and it was an error from the game itself, I thought it was a player choice.
Brazilian Portuguese: but when I saw it was a normal package
I wanted to know if there is a way of returning my players because if it weren't for the translation mistake I would not make the package
okay
but will there be some sort of compensation for the players that I spent?
because I spent a lot of players and coins
one more doubt on the topic
brazilian portuguese: the PRS-ORG team will contact you via the game
or some kind of social network?
ok
so, I will wait then
thanks for the support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
Opa good morning
I'm having a problem with the transfer at PRS-ORG
I try to buy players in installments because I can get them cheaper that way.
And then seeing it for a higher price but all through the game with no type of program
And msm like that, my transfer window was blocked
I also use PRS-ORG points.
I try to play the game as well as possible because I love this game
I can't do it anymore, making plays with players.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you?
I made dme ej the crack of the future
And the 4 options were all TotW
Yes
I made the PRS-ORG of the future
Which gives 4 options to choose
Only all the options came up as weekly selection
I chose NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: But there should be future star options
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I ask for your name please?
NAME-M
The PRS-ORG game constantly crashes.
I already reinstalled, I already saw other options in several forums.
My PC meets the recommended requirements
and still nothing changes about this game’s behavior
In this moment it is even talking to my father who is in the field of computer science
I will try and then I will say something
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
I made the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG points and I did not receive it
Order number: ALPHANUMERICID
Request date: Mar 12
Brazilian Portuguese: as of 2022 13:37:00 BRT
I purchased through the PRS-ORG Companiop app.
Companion
You just walked in
I have received the PRS-ORG points
Thanks for your help
PRS-ORG#1 through #7
I just looked here and didn't bail out the PRS-ORG #4, but the others did
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M my name
Brazilian Portuguese: I would like help because I recovered for months the rewards of PRS-ORG, so when I buy it, I can already have some packs
I bought it yesterday but when I opened it only 1 came
EMAIL
but I received one, I just do not know which one it was
I have print if you want it shows that it was rescued, but not in the gaming
By PRS-ORG/PC
when I made the recovery it wasn't working since I bought the game yesterday
I only got it so that when I bought it I already had some packs
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
So, on the 31/05 I bought PRS-ORG coins and didn't receive them I asked for a refund for PRS-ORG and everything was okay on 02/06 I tried again to buy didn't receive my items and I couldn't receive refund, I tried to talk with PRS-ORG support and it was denied, I tried to talk with PRS-ORG support they close my case and gave it as concluded (nothing was solved) I tried again to talk with PRS-ORG support they sent me to an advanced team and nothing was done, now I'm trying again to talk with PRS-ORG to solve this I've been since 02 without my item and without my money
Please answer me
Is it not enough for the company to offer no support whatsoever on the telephone, now the operators do as well?
Yes, I've been having this problem since the beginning of the month
I'm in.
And AGR?
my god in heaven
that takes too long
I already did it fuck you
I hope this fucking shitty company tamejm
I hope that you fuck off
Brazilian Portuguese: company crap
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, could you please provide me with your name?
NAME-M
Hello
Hello.
Good afternoon.
sorry for the delay.
I am having packet loss, only on the PRS-ORG
in no other game
ok
And how do I solve it?
:(
Solved already
thank you very much &lt;3
Just that thanks so much buddy
Good morning.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
My PRS-ORGs points I purchased did not drop
I made the payment and it was debited
Brazilian Portuguese: Even more has not fallen into the game
How about it?
Brazilian Portuguese: Today
I'm seeing it
I placed an order for a pass
No
I always buy directly from the game store
And it always falls at the same time.
It's not possible to wait 24 hours, because the pass will expire.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please provide your name?
I'm having an issue with the PRS-T1 app
For months the application has been offline and it doesn't show the list of friends.
As a result I can't play with my friends online.
I've tried some firewall steps
I watched several videos about the error
but none worked for me
I'll try.
I'll have to restart my PC to complete the steps
If it works I thank you in advance
Right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please introduce yourself?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Why can't you create teams on the same level as mine?
It seems that I only play with pro players.
It is disheartening
Straight up it happens like this, it looks like it's on purpose
Yes please.
I am unable to play
I play every day, I am a loyal player.
But it's not normal for this to happen immediately.
The opponents with bugged plays, using faults of the game
Performing 2 to 3 touches on the ball and they make the goal
Top-level players, and I am not
Not thanks.
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name please?
NAME-M
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the wheel
Brazilian Portuguese: and if I remove the assistance while driving, I can't turn the car with the steering wheel
Brazilian Portuguese: he only moves forward even if he turns to one of the sides.
Brazilian Portuguese: already with the command the car drives beautifully
I don't know if you can be making confusion because you have the two devices on (joy stick and steering wheel)
yes
be fast
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, could you please tell me your name?
Hello
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In the PRS-ORG, I played in the PRS-ORG and agr I'm in the PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already dissociated my PRS-ORG account with the PRS-ORG account and logged into my PRS-ORG account, but with the launching of the ALPHANUMERICID web app, I began to play thinking that I was with my PRS-ORG account and continued playing, doing dme, opening packs and earning coins.
However, with the release of the ALPHANUMERICID preview from PRS-ORG, when I logged in to PRS-ORG, I realized that I was playing in PRS-ORG and that I no longer had access to this console.
I wanted some help with that
Although all my progress in these days I am not having access
PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
NAME-M
I'm having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
In PRS-ORG I played in PRS-ORG and agr I'm in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account from that of PRS-ORG and logged into my PRS-ORG account, however with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID web app I started the game thinking I'd be with my PRS-ORG account and I kept playing, making deals, opening packs and earning coins.
But with the launch of the ALPHANUMERICID preview of PRS-ORG when I tried to log in on PRS-ORG I realised I was playing on PRS-ORG and can no longer access that console.
wanted some help with this
but all my progress for these days I am not able to access.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name for me?
Do you prefer in Portuguese or English?
I acquired the PRS-ORG pro.
It is the 3rd consecutive year that I play PRS-ORG.
The game will not start.
It looks like there is some problem with the anti-cheat prs-org
I've already installed the game 3 times, I've already ran as administrator
Nothing seems to resolve
Thanks
I have already tried doing the manual anti cheat installation, and the installation failed
Okay so I’ll just wait
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: hello NAME-M, good evening!
I was making a purchase from PRS-ORG by PRS-ORG and the game was coming out for R$303 in the ultimate version
however was trying to buy and it wouldn't go and at one point it started to give an error saying it had many purchase attempts
so I went to try now because she asked to wait a while to buy again
Brazilian Portuguese: and the price went up to 341
I would buy it for this price, but I have R$305 saved up in the Pix and the rest in my PRS-ORG wallet.
Um, I understand... So could you not help me in this case?
then
that's right
I tried to buy it in various ways but it kept giving me an error
ai i waited for the time
Brazilian Portuguese: and the price wasn't that high anymore.
it was R$ 40.00 more expensive.
now I don't have the money to make the purchase
I signed up for your program for 20 reals and am playing at 20:00.
Brazilian Portuguese: but this is finishing
now I can't buy because the price went up kkk
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
good evening, my name is NAME-M
Good afternoon, NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on 25/09 from PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I went to play, I had a problem with the PRS-ORG.
I did manage to resolve the problem but I've been trying to open the PRS-ORG for almost 24 hours now but it opens in a small black window and then quickly closes.
How can you help me?
Do you know if there is something I can do?
Do you have any predictions of when it will be ready?
I understand.
thank you very much for your service PRS-ORG
I'll wait for an update in the game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may I ask for your name please?
Hello NAME-N, how are you doing?
I'm the NAME-M.
Exactly, I was playing normally yesterday!
During a match the game froze and the match was closed... since then I've been unable to find opponents anymore
I spoke to a few of my colleagues and they said they were finding their opponents without any problem
Ok, thank you so much!!!!
No opponents were found.
Try your search again later.
The following message appears:
Ah yes, thank you very much!!!
It helped me a lot, I just accomplished the request
I will try to find an adversary.
Same error appeared
Relax, if there's anything else I can do
I appreciate the willingness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To start with, can you give me your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
I was trying to solve the problem PHONENUMBER
I have just talked to NAME-M and even after clearing the PRS-ORG cache, verifying the internet connection and restarting the computer, the problem persists
When trying to log into PRS-ORG, the following message appears:
Sorry, but an error has occurred while connecting to PRS-TNC.
You will be redirected to the main menu of PRS-ORG.
Just the one that I mentioned above.
And when I can get into the game, when I try to move my cast this message pops up:
There was a problem communicating with the servers for PRS-ORG.
Please try again later.
I want to link in order to collect the benefits of PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I used to have a PRS-ORG linked account.
but recently I have been with someone else
However, I can't link
because it says that there is already one linked
Brazilian Portuguese: but I've already unlinked it's been over 6 months which is what they say
EMAIL
OK, I THINK THAT I AM BOUND NOW
however as I had already rescued
How can I retrieve my points again?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Good morning, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
See if you, please, Mr. Can help me.
I have an account that I have been using for over 5 years and have accumulated lots of points and XP.
My girlfriend set up this account to present to me with the edition of the PRS-ORG.
I would like to know if it's possible to unify both accounts.
But is there no possibility of unifying the two accounts?
Why should I use just one?
I have an account that I always use
And that account was created yesterday
It would only require unifying the account.
If the PRS-ORG goes to my account everything is ok
Everything is okay
What is the progress of the PRS-ORG you are referring to?
I don’t care.
Is it alright if I start a new game?
I understand.
I appreciate it either way
Have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
The same.
I rent a server in PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG for 29.50 every week, today I was extending the rent and in the “request and pay” screen it remained on the screen “loading” and the game stopped, not the PRS-ORG.
The value was debited from my account, however, the server was not extended.
It did not include the server rental fee, it has already expired, can you please help me?
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: Thanks, I'll wait
Hi sorry, I have already spoken with PRS-ORG and they told me to speak to you, plus I am seeing here that there are online servers
Paid*
Some paid servers are online yes
Brazilian Portuguese: The PRS-ORG does not want to take responsibility because they say that you received the purchase value and confirmed the same
Remembering that ALL STEPS and DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
Good morning, once again I'm coming to ask you to validate the account.
The return time offered by you has already been experienced in 2 days, and I still politely wait for you.
I have money to withdraw and I'm not allowed to play games, I would like some attention and promptness in resolving the case.
Sincerely,
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
I hope it helps, because lately I haven't had that from you guys, unfortunately.
I hope that you are different!
Thanks NAME-M.
However, the deadline has already expired and I would appreciate your attention!
Everything was sent correctly and properly.
I understand the security rules and agree with them, but I am being prejudiced on this matter.
Thank you, but I have already received these messages from you this week.
I am still waiting.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Hey good night, is everything alright?
I'm trying to open the PRS-ORG game but it doesn't start on my computer and gives me an error:
Double-check your connection, or try again later
but it is connected
and my pc has all the minimum requirements
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: It is the pc version in test mode linked to the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, I am good.
Thank you, I have PRS-ORG which gives me access to the PRS-ORG library.
Right?
I play through the PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how to play PRS-ORG, as I can not find it in PRS-ORG’s catalog.
I access the PRS-ORG games through the PRS-ORG website.
But I can't find ALPHANUMERICID there.
A friend of mine said I can play PRS-ORG because I have PRS-ORG.
But, is this only for those that own the console or can I play through PRS-ORG via a browser (PRS-ORG)?
I'll try to simplify: I am a PRS-ORG subscriber.
Will I only be able to play PRS-ORG if I have a PRS-ORG console?
Or can I play from the PRS-ORG using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hi NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I am talking to PRS-ORG
They asked me to attach an image to the case, but I think I have opened a new one
Hey, so the problem is already being seen
I think if I post it again it will cause confusion.
I am going to close the chat here
Not right now, thanks anyway
Brazilian Portuguese: the achievement PRS-ORG n libera
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG conquest does not liberate
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may you please provide me with your name?
For the love of god, free my conquest, I am playing 91 hours and the game is bugged
I'll be crying, Sir.
even though I am making the requirements
Brazilian Portuguese: to com 91 hours of gameplay
please help me
kkkk
hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you introduce yourself, please?
I would like to know if in the new PRS-ORG update it was resolved the issue of running only in safe mode
in PRS-ORG
no
it was
to solve it I had to install PRS-ORG again
but I want to return to PRS-ORG and for that I need to know if the problem was solved with the new update
but was it the right security mode problem?
Brazilian Portuguese: I am saying this because I am going to have to format the pc and I need you to confirm this for me.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
wagner
I have spent a resource in the PRS-ORG but I can’t use it
I spent 20 star moments
in a token
but there's no way to change
and the game does not inform anything about this
wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, I am NAME-M
Thank you!
I am having difficulty playing The PRS-ORG
I have the 64-bit Metal version for MacOS
The game works really well on the computer, even with the graphics at maximum definition
However, the game suddenly ends
Without errors or anything like that
It simply closes
Look, that's actually all the information.
The game during execution closes only, without presenting anything afterwards.
The game works well.
It is only closed during the game
Sometimes it closes 10 minutes after you play, sometimes 1 hour later.
There's not a rule
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
Just that today.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I am having trouble starting the game
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile the screen gets black and closes
I can login yes
I mean the profile within the game.
EMAIL
I will try this method
If it fails, I'll come back!
But for now thank you very much.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, may I have your name please?
Hello, NAME-M
I am experiencing a problem with the connection to the servers.
I am connected to the PRS-ORG servers.
It's asking me to reset the password and I already did that
Brazilian Portuguese: And she doesn't accept to connect
Brazilian Portuguese: No
The problem is in the connection to the PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG game.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I'm fine, and you?
The pleasure is mine.
So, my the PRS-ORG upgraded normally on the 14th if I'm not mistaken, when they released the babies in arms in the game.
The items for them appear there, but in CAS, that stage does not count.
Babies, children, etc. normally appear.
That, the stage of life itself does not appear.
I tried re-installing the game but the stage in PRS-ORG does not exist.
As I attached in the image.
I understood!
Thank you for clarifying!
That was all, thank you!
Have a good afternoon!
Thanks, take care of yourself NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
can you see my previous chats with other prs-org counselors?
that helped a lot...
right
NAME-F I tried one where I had to install the PRS-ORG
another was to clean the cache
the other was to either disable or force it to run as an administrator
other one had to do with background applications
NAME-F I am experiencing this issue for 3/4 days
Hey?
You're full of shit, I lost because of this shitty server, you greedy company, you should buy a better one, a bunch of fucking bitches
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please state your name?
I lost a game because of the server trash, it takes too long to execute commands
fucking daughter
If you cannot stand hearing a swear word, you are in the wrong field
Brazilian Portuguese: and you'll be taking it in the ass
Going to fuck
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot??
I bought PRS-ORG today and when I tried to play it makes me connect an account, create one or log into an existing one
the issue is that I am not able to connect and create
Brazilian Portuguese: and I would love to play
NAME-M yes, good to know it's human
Hi, NAME-M!!!
That
I can not connect the online
As much as the game is old, is it possible?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you introduce yourself to me?
NAME-M
I made the 90+ icon, I went to open it in the console these days, but it's not there
Brazilian Portuguese: possibly only appears in the companion app
already restarted the console and all is well
I checked it here now and it has shown up again.
Portuguese: It wasn't even restarting, it just appeared out of nowhere, I had already made a case about it
NAME-M, I think they have solved it
NAME-M, thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
As a start, may I please get your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I need to know if it is already foreseen, in some way, a correction for the PRS-ORG mode.
It simply stopped working for friendlies.
It features an error, when trying to play a friendly match, saying that the adversary abandoned the game.
This has been happening since May 12th
Brazilian Portuguese: URL
It is possible to see the error at the following link.
Detail is, this is a worldwide issue (since this video is not Brazilian), but it’s the exact same mistake.
And it is happening on all platforms
In short, yes.
The PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, just that.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start off, can you please indicate your name for me?
NAME-M
I am well, and how about you?
That, I still can't do.
However, I understood that I have to wait
i would like to know if meanwhile, you cannot help me to open it in web app
Brazilian Portuguese: so that at least you will already have something to do
Ah, yes
My doubt is
I can only access the Webapp after I have opened the game at least once
as the game is not opening because of an Anti Cheat error
would it be possible to enable me to open the Webapp before the game correct this problem?
no, thanks
NAME-F
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you give me your name please?
I have an account on PRS-TAL and I can't login.
Exactly so.
It says the following: "Your credentials are incorrect or expired.
Try again or reset your password."
When I click on reset password, the following appears: "We couldn't find your PRS-ORG account."
But I am trying to log in via the PRS-ORG software
NAME-M
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please provide your name?
Yesterday I bought the Star pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points, but up until now it hasn’t been released in my account, but my PRS-ORG points have been credited
I want to know what you are going to do about it
Why can't I be cheated in this way
But I don't want a PRS-ORG points refund
I just want my pass released
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I'm having a problem with a draft for a player; I played two matches and then I couldn't start the third one.
The following error appears: There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Please try again later.
I would like you to restart my draft manually if possible.
I've been with this error for 3 days
is it possible to restart my draft manually?
I think this is the only way to solve my problem.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First off can you tell me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good night friend
I haven't played since I was a kid.
Brazilian Portuguese: always when a match ends there is an error
I have called twice here in support and they have not resolved my problem
PRS-ORG servers cannot process the request at this time
from this error then
Brazilian Portuguese: every time the match ends it's like I'm considered out of the match and I lose 3x0
wanted to play
kkk
more blz
you have to get that soft ban thing out of the token exchange event since the game ends with who scores first
Brazilian Portuguese: era so isso mesmo
thank you
send some tokens over there for the inconvenience
of that strength haha
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I'm having problems, I contacted them earlier today to try to solve it, they gave me some options and I couldn't resolve it
Brazilian Portuguese: and the situation got worse
I need help.
I am not able to play PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: 23
Brazilian Portuguese: cf
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: The first error
Brazilian Portuguese: it is the app of PRS-ORG
the application was unable to connect to the servers.
NAME-M the PRS-ORG usually
Brazilian Portuguese: the PRS-ORG is able to connect to the servers
Brazilian Portuguese: but when I go to play a match in any mode of the PRS-ORG it disconnects and exits the mode
Will NAME-M stay open?
I am on PC chat where I play
Good evening,
I made a purchase of a book on the PRS-ORG store and, after starting to read it, I noticed that the book is in PT-BR and not PT-PT, which was the one I wanted.
Unfortunately in your store they do not distinguish, but in reading it makes a lot of difference.
The book was "Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice" by NAME-F & NAME-F and I would like to return or exchange the book for Portuguese from Portugal.
I await your call.
Sincerely,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thanks!
While we’re on the subject, is there an option that will allow us to check if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
I leave a suggestion for your improvement!
Thanks for your help
Good day
Hi
I have a question about rollover.
What appears in the cash-out tab and what I am informed of in my e-mail is the casino rollover.
However I took up sports promotions and only bet on sports until then
Can you see that?
Ah, sure
I am asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
In case I have actually hit the rollover, can I do it now?
Thank you very much
I am waiting for the email
That is all
Good morning
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Name-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and I didn't receive the PRS-ORG points
When synchronizing your PRS-ORG with your PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and nothing is there
Brazilian Portuguese: Minutes
In the other versions it came first
Pardon.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please state your name?
Thawan
Nice to meet you.
I don't know if I'm in the correct channel but I have a doubt.
I’ve been playing on PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today they launched the futweb app.
When I try to log into futweb it says that my account has no team in the PRS-ORG PRS-ORG, however how can my account not have a team if I have been playing PRS-ORG?
Why can't I access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that.
Now, everything is better explained.
That’s all, NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the information and help.
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
I am unable to login to my PRS-ORG account, even after changing my password
EMAIL
I received it, but what next?
And now?
**
The code is 535067
OK.
Reset the password
ok, I'll do it right now
it gave the same error
Now it's my turn.
With the correct username
Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I have a problem playing my game on my PC, and I haven't been able to solve it for almost a week already.
I would like a refund if I am unable to play
I bought the game and when I try to start it, it says that my PC is cheating.
Being that my pc is new.
I don't wear that type of thing.
I would like a solution or my money back
Correct
I bought it but can not start my game
Give an error 117
I would like to know if I'll be able to play if it is not solved and better the refund.
For I paid dearly in the game
However I do not even have the game cache because I bought it and I cannot start it
I already tried this procedure
How can I prevent this from happening?
Portuguese: Why have I already tried it several ways?
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you please tell me your name?
I can not access my companion app because it asks for verification with the email and the email does not arrive in my mailbox
I've already looked in the spam box and nothing
I asked to send it to me again and it didn't arrive
The App Verification option is also not working
Even in the PRS-ORG account on the website I can't access
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Good afternoon.
I logged into my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends, but the game is not available to play.
It shows how if I had to buy again
But I already bought it, in 2015
The amount of R$199,00 appears.
It's ok
Is there nothing else I can do except wait?
NAME-M, thank you for your help.
I'll try starting it from the.exe file and hope the issue gets resolved
There is no one else, there was just her.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
Hello, NAME-M. Good evening.
How are you?
My name is NAME-M
No problem.
The pleasure is all mine.
So a few years ago I got given SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition as a gift on CD.
Brazilian Portuguese: The edition with the 2 CDs, currently I am trying to install the same on my new notebook however I can't because it is not compatible with the PRS-ORG, through the CD it doesn't start.
I have tried to add it to my PRS-T1 game library but the code is invalid
I would like to recover the same in order to at least be able to install it via PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, as the CD is no longer compatible
Yes, I still have the 2 original CDs and the license code of the same
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
As a start, can you please provide your name?
I am not able to buy anything in the transfer market from the Web App
The message appears:
An error occurred while trying to complete the search.
Try again in a few seconds.
No, only when trying to buy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please let me know your name?
hello
I have a problem with the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: the game opens PRS-ORG, opens PRS-ORG launcher
I click play
Brazilian Portuguese: and nothing happens
literally nothing
I already contacted them before and was told to follow a few steps
I did everything but same result
EMAIL
thank you
earlier a dll error appeared with the code ALPHANUMERICID
I downloaded the dll I needed and placed it in the location
since then there has been no mistake
Brazilian Portuguese: but the game also never starts
In case I don't solve it, I'll contact you again. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
My promotion goals of PRS-ORG did not update in the Game
With this I am being prevented from completing the whole track and getting the rewards
The promotion had its letters updated yesterday.
The.objects did not come out yesterday
Some friends had the goals liberated today at 11:30 Br Horario
And my one did not update
Because of this, I am unable to complete the trail.
OK
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERICID
This is happening
Why I don't have goals available
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
Hi there!
My name is NAME-M, good evening
I need help please
Brazilian Portuguese: Jogo PRS-ORG no PRS-ORG.
I can’t log on to LINE no matter what.
The qr code appears asking to reset the password for the PRS-ORG account, but it still doesn’t work.
Of course.
EMAIL
I would like to report that I am unable to download any games from PRS-ORG.
It automatically pauses and gives an error.
No.
Through the PRS-ORG App and through PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
He pauses the download progress and it takes a while to get back
I would like to know what should I do to solve this problem.
I want to play the PRS-ORG games on my computer
I've done this procedure and it didn't lead to anything
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon,
My name is NAME-F
Thank you :)
So, I have 3 dlc cd's to the PRS-ORG and the base game, it's quite old and was bought in the USA.
When I tried to install it a few months ago, it didn't work and it said I needed an update, but I never found that update online.
I thought about looking for the game to buy online somewhere, but I realized that PRS-ORG does not sell it anymore, is there any way to buy it somehow?
In this computer where I am now, I don't have a CD player, so I can't start the installation to show the print of what happens :(
But if necessary I can send a photo of the CDs
Wow, but it's such a sought after game, that's sad :(
Alright, thank you for the reply.
Have a good night:)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
As a start, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
My game won't open
I did the step-by-step the boy sent to me
But n doesn't work
Do you want to access my PC through team viewer?
I can't take it anymore, I've already tried everything
Almost asking for a refund but wanted to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
It opens everything in black and closes it
But my PRS-ORG didn’t freeze
Only the game that does not open
Do you want to access using the team viewer?
It could be something missing in the PC or that does not allow to open it
But I've done a lot of things already and it doesn't work
Portuguese (Brazil): oi
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
I am not able to buy the PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: it's giving an error
I am unable to purchase PRS-ORG
We were unable to process your action
We were unable to process your order at this time due to a problem with your specified payment method.
Use a different payment method to complete your order, or please try again later.
hello
I can only pay via pix
Accessed*
Good afternoon, is the platform unstable?
I am trying to use it and it doesn't open any casino game, it stays black screen, I accessed another platform and it worked fine
I am trying to use the platform and it doesn't open any games
I have already cleared out my data and cash and nothing.
I restarted the phone and it doesn't work
I have never had a problem operating the amulet
Do you know of any instability in their system?
Just that
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello, now very bad, I made the PRS-ORG pre-purchase and just now I noticed it was in my wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought it at EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: the one I used in PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG was in EMAIL
I was already using the web app
I was using in PRS-ORG, but this time I bought it directly from PRS-ORG.
that was associated with the PRS-ORG account.
I am very sad.
Brazilian Portuguese: that’s why it wasn’t appearing
I have been using the (EMAIL) account as my primary since 2020
im already using web app PRS-ORG in it and everything
What about the refund, how does it appear in the card?
Brazilian Portuguese: You can cancel then
I don’t know if I will have the time limit to play at the game’s launch after the refund
very sad
Brazilian Portuguese: only*
Just this thanks
Good afternoon
Safe.
My dear this is a lack of respect for the customer, I requested a withdrawal of R $ 1,000 before the R $ 200, the R $ 200 fell before the R $ 1,000
I've been talking since this morning and nothing went wrong
Since the early morning, which is why I am stopping from playing here, the PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay on time.
Sad
I like the website and the platform but, every time we win, it takes an interminable amount of time.
Today, Pix is something that happens way too quickly.
I have been waiting in a commitment since this morning to solve
I'm waiting to enter that benefit that is mine. I lost a night's sleep and invested my money.
It's in English, friend.
My God
I don't believe it.
That's why I'm stopping
I'll receive it and I'll talk to the staff on the channel about it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please introduce yourself?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help to refund a recurring purchase that I made, the same one that has already been charged to my card...
Could you help me?
Yes!
My e-mail is EMAIL
Just a minute while I take down the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I am not mistaken.
Verification number: 635822
I have made two purchases and wanted to cancel just one if possible... as the game is already downloading.
Thank you very much!
That was exactly what I wanted to solve.
Thank you very much already!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and have been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a 41% completed campaign, but my wife has started playing another game, and so as not to hinder her, I decided to install the same game using the same account on my PC, but my saved data does not appear, even though I am using the same username.
What am I doing wrong?
So even using the same account, I can't enjoy the save?
Do I need to start all over?
But we did not perform a cloud save?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope this will develop, because it would be very useful for us players.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I ask your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I am writing a text with my case
So, I've been playing PRS-ORG for a few years, but I've never played online. I bought PRS-ORG for PRS-ORG and decided to play PRS-ORG, these days I was trying to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and I noticed I didn't have access and I wasn't even aware of the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
I have access to the email and the password of my PRS-T_ORG account
The account I am talking about is here, I managed to access it with the PRS-ORG
However I'm afraid of losing it because I don't know the email of the account PRS-ORG
And also for this reason I can not link the account to PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I updated the application on my PRS-ORG, but I can't access my account on PRS-ORG.
Could you please help me?
EMAIL
I used to use the PRS-ORG reads from the Livaria Cultura bookstore
because it is... i'm gonna try again but it gives an invalid password
Now it appears that it has.
thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you give me your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: good night
My name is NAME-M
I have the ultimate version of Bf 2042, my reward for update 3.3 is not in the game
more or less
my reward disappeared.
no
It is the reward for the Update 3.3
March’s
March 8th to be exact
thank you, miss
Do you have any predictions?
no
Brazilian Portuguese: a good night to you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please state your name?
NAME-M
I have a question I played on PRS-ORG but now I am thinking of buying the game for PC
my question is
and about the 23
because i would like to know if I have to buy the 23 for the PRS-ORG or if I have to buy it for the pc
I keep my PRS-ORG things
okay thanks
I'm waiting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Can I play using my PRS-ORG PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG?
It is not that
I want to use the PRS-ORG account I have at PRS-ORG
on another device via PRS-ORG
okay but please answer the previous question
ok, shitty clown
I'm sorry
I was mistaken.
I don't need anything else, thank you.
good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
Hi, I just got in touch.
Then I went to PRS-ORG and they sent me back again
NAME-M
Yes
if you want I repeat the messages
Hello, I just got in touch.
Then I went to the PRS-ORG and they told me to come back again.
I only want to redo the order I had made, that was canceled even without trying to charge my Nubank card
And I'm just trying to buy here, because for some reason, right after I tried to buy again, the store charge went from 149 to 166 reais... in the same moment!
I want to keep the price and pay, whether it's by pix, by card, whatever you prefer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Is ALPHANUMERICID fine?
I am doing new update of the PRS-ORG on the PC
However, she concludes, it appears that the update finished and then immediately appears to update again
Before starting the chat, I attached 03 prints of my screen, I do not know if you can visualize them
This, correct
Even after finishing it, it asks again and doesn’t open the game.
I've already uninstalled and installed the game again, but without success.
Okay, I appreciate your help.
How do I do that cleaning?
I'm already doing it, one minute
It worked!!!
Thank you very much!!
I did not know how to clear the cache in the app.
:NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
I want a phone number to call and talk to someone
What they are doing on my account has no explanation.
Brazilian Portuguese: Jogo after game playing against the handicap
and the disgusting scrip of PRS-ORG
This is inadmissible, completely inadmissible.
this number is operating,
It says that it is not available.
They had already given me that number and it never worked
Can you solve this?
It is absurd
The thing is, it's disgusting to play this game in this moment, it's impossible
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, look at it.
I reached the limit of club creation on PRS-ORG and would like to know if you can give me more attempts to delete my club.
I spoke with a consultant earlier.
My account that I use to play is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much
That was the problem.
Thank you very much
I purchased the Paraiso firm books, downloaded the app, opened the book on Sunday, this morning I opened the app, but it would not open the book content, I updated the app, and now it says my email has not been located.
I request either immediate resolution or a return of my payment.
Please get back to me by return email.
EMAIL
Purchase 07.03 and 4 Paradise Alicerce Books
Thanks NAME-M, for you too
I was talking with NAME-M and it crashed
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I’m from PRS-ORG and I can’t get into PRS-ORG
Every time at this time the servers for PRS-ORG go offline.
End of PRS-ORG and the servers can not support the users, you must urgently put another server in Brazil
I can not log into the PRS-ORG
It is mentioned that the server is high volume with people
Lamentable
As a consumer, I am frustrated and hesitant to play the PRS-ORG
Thanks.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Hello I was talking to one of the operators and I lost the contact
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to request a refund for PRS-ORG expansion
My e-mail is EMAIL
Yes
I ended up regretting it because I needed the money to pay for other things.
Hello?
Yes
I do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you please state your name?
NAME-M
My expansions that I bought are not working
Some unlocked items have disappeared
EMAIL
Target detector
Weapon unlocked
Really disappointing
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Don't you have them?
The user’s purchases?
Do I have to prove that I bought?
If I’ve ever played
What images do I send
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
the ALPHANUMERICID save game is not working
I made all the procedure you sent yesterday and still the error remains
Every time I open the game it's like the first time
Yes, but also loses the configuration of the control
The choice of the club
Brazilian Portuguese: everything
Brazilian Portuguese: even progress
Brazilian Portuguese: and ended up in late December having tried everything to fix this problem but without success
I even formatted the PC and installed it from zero and that didn't solve the problem
I checked on the forums and it seems to be a problem that is affecting many people
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First off, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password
EMAIL
I see how long you can delay.
May I know if your parents are dead?
Your mother is a bitch and gave birth to something like you
You should go to the Ukraine to catch the russian bomb, fuck your mother
"vulgar talk"
I asked if her mother was dead and how she delivered something like you
Thanks for reaching out to PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account the site goes into error and I can't get through.
How to solve this
Yes whenever I try the site I get an error and I can't access it
I click on the Connect to PRS-ORG account button, and when I am redirected to the website, it says there was an error and they couldn't complete my request
still there
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N
this is the gamertag of the account that I want to access
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, please may you introduce yourself?
NAME-M
good morning
I have problems.
I bought Aston Martin Package (PRS-ORG)
and the product does not appear to use in the app
In the game
Brazilian Portuguese: 15/09/2022
when i enter into the bundle as if I were to buy again it shows that this bundle is already yours
I can't use it any more
ok
I'll try these tips
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I ask you your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello, how are you?
I would like some help about the dme of the PRS-ORG
I started making the dme but it asks for cards that are out of packs and extinct in the market
I have already done 13 parts of the dme and now I can not do the rest
I don't think it's fair to the players to have such an expensive piece that is impossible to make
I would like to receive the players back or to receive the ones that are missing, in the case capitaes do PRS-ORG
Brazilian Portuguese: Casting teams challenge
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is PRS-ORG.
To begin with, may I know your name please?
Hi!
my name is name-m
The pleasure is all mine!
So, my problem is that I am not able to purchase my PRS-ORG points.
My game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the PRS-ORG wallet
but I press to buy something inside the game and the purchase just won’t go through.
my money is not leaving PRS-ORG and neither are the PRS-ORG points showing up
How did we manage to solve this?
No error message appears, it simply asks me to wait and nothing else happens
only return to the store without any PRS-ORG points and with the money in the PRS-ORG wallet still
ok, thanks a lot!
I will try it and if I can not solve it I will come back here again.
No, that's all!
thank you so much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask your name please?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my PRS-T1 mobile account
How would you reverse it?
It's kind of sad.
Is it yours?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
Good morning
My name is NAME-M
I'm having problems starting PRS-ORG
my problem is that when I start PRS-T1 the screen is frozen and I can't do anything else
I have to restart the pc
I did and I tried again and it is the same, I even uninstalled the game and installed it again and nothing...
When I enter PRS-ORG App and try to start the game my pc gets frozen.
and I need to restart the pc by the button
No error is shown to me
only my screen gets stuck
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
They hacked my account and sold my players and coins
I just want my pf coins
I already changed my password and activated two-step verification. I just want the coins
Someone else has already helped me change my password and turn on two-step verification
I just want the coins
I just want my coins/coins back
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please give me your name?
I am unable to play my solo Draft.
I make mistakes everyday.
What's happening?
Several complaints from other users
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
EMAIL
Yes
My name is NAME-M
So, I play PRS-ORG on the PC and here the game does not open any more.
Brazilian Portuguese: dps update this morning
Brazilian Portuguese: the game stopped opening
It does not work at all
I am being wronged in the totys event, the prs-org needs to take action about it
The game does not open, I've been trying to get into the game since 1 PM
all was fine and running normally until the early morning
And now the fact that I can't log into the game to play, farm packs, etc is prejudicing me in the event
and I am not the only one going through this, a lot of people who play on the PC are going through the same situation
Yes, before this anti-cheat problem I used to solve it just by reinstalling the anti-cheat
but starting today, it doesn't solve anymore
I tried everything and the game won't open
continues always giving the same error
all right, thanks a lot
Good afternoon.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you tell me your name please?
I would like to report an error.
Last night I was playing PRS-ORG and got into a PRS-ORG draft match
I won the game and it didn't count as a win
I would like to know if there is some kind of compensation/refund that could be made
Okay, thank you
After that I played another match that I lost
And did not count it as a defeat.
So, I think that tejha has a real bug
How so?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
yes I am obligated, I have a discount code for the game
that I won when I responded to a survey
but I can't redeem this code
which gave me a R$29.00 discount
This research was done within the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and the survey appeared
I answered everything and in the end I won this code
when I was about to finalize the purchase there was an error and I couldn't finish
with this I am unable to use the code
That is the code I won ALPHANUMERICID
that is the number of the order that had the PHONENUMBER error.
I was given that code last week
I placed an order which gave an error on 19/01
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M
I call*
So today I was doing the dme pp of icon to dme on PRS-ORG and I ended up picking the wrong card by mistake.
I wanted to know if you could help me.
Veio um blanc 89 é um kaka 89 era pra ter pego o kaka e acabei pegando o blanc
PRS-ORG player pick de icon
Correct
Putz… everything is okay.
Not just that msm
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, can you introduce yourself please?
opa
Brazilian Portuguese: good night, my name is NAME-M
I'm having trouble logging in to my PRS-ORG account via the PRS-ORG app on my PC and when I finally do log in my games don't load and I can't get to the PRS-ORG
Thank you, I hope you are well too!
Yes, I can't connect
OK OK, thanks a lot and good work!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Could you start by giving me your name please?
My name is Indian Filthy.
I can't stand this game any longer
Where are you?
Answer, you dumb fuck
How do you manage to be so incompetent that you can't type a shit of a script message in less than 5 minutes?
Is basic education in India so bad?
You'll get to take a bath there in the damn Ganges
Casino
Any answers please
I lost my real money, I am playing with bonus, but it only let me bet up to 25
Good evening the betting limit is only up to 25 with the bonus so you cannot increase it.
Look at the msg I sent you.
I played with a bonus and you let me place up to 25 bets
Why is this
What if I do not have enough money to bet in order to cash out?
Okay
Any response
You solve nothing
How much do I owe?
Release my withdrawal
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Availability of PRS-ORG
Do not let the game download making it unavailable for purchase.
Platform PRS-ORG
In PRS-ORG plus
I am trying to purchase the game
It is saying that I do not have a PRS-ORG account but I do
Giving it unavailable.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
Brazilian Portuguese: Devender, I used to be in the match, but the match crashed and after that I can't access the ultimate team
It seems there was an error and you will return to the main menu
Image is in the attached file
Save me please kkkk
Wow, is it possible to correct?
How nice !!
Do you think I'll be able to play again today?
Is there a forecast?
To return
It would be just that
So beauty then.
Thank you
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
opa
my granddaughter was stuck
Brazilian Portuguese: when I manage my account it asks for an email, when I look for that email, it doesn't exist, I've never used an email that starts with e
then I can not confirm the email and modify my account
Brazilian Portuguese: it is more or less like that
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
I have already opened a call about the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and non-delivery of material.
I have done the requested prints and would like to know where to send it to?
I've attached TB here...
I bought in the shopping center inside PRS-ORG
As the image above shows, there was a debit on my account PRS-ORG
At the time of selling the game it's easy to solve...
The time will solve your problems...
It’s playing for one another
How to get in touch?
How to contact the supporter of PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
good day NAME-N
I am 5 days without access to the PRS-ORG game
NAME-N stays in the screen (connecting to the service)
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERIC code
connection error with the server
which
NAME-F is an Internet technician and everything here is normal
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG ja desistalei and installed again NAME-F pc nada adiantou
NAME-F I tried this step by step.
If necessary you can delete my progress in the game saved to start over
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please introduce yourself to me?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I am fine
Hey, I am having a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an e-mail that I can no longer access
I can log on to the PRS-ORG site with that account.
But I would like to make an account in the companion
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, and how about you?
Thank you.
So, my contact is because of a difficulty I have.
I own two consoles that share the same PRS-ORG account, but I would like to unlink one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG
Once I have detached the PRS-ORG account from this console, can I create a new account for it?
My PRS-ORG gamertag is NAME-N
So, you no longer have any affiliation with PRS-ORG?
Thank you NAME-M, you helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name?
Good evening, NAME-M
I am not able to get online with my PRS-ORG 18 in the PRS-ORG
The following message appears: "We are sorry, but at the moment the PRS-ORG Servers are not functioning.
We are trying to fix this problem.
Try again later. ”
this has already been happening for many days.
I mean, months.
It's impossible to believe that
It has been months.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I please get your name?
NAME-M
thanks, i'm fine yes, I linked my facebook account but I wasn't receiving the token in the game
and there's only 2 hours left to get this token
actually it was on youtube
I wrote it wrong
I linked it via youtube and didn't receive the token
EMAIL
the game account is the same as the youtube account
ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, may I have your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and I still can not play
After the opening screen, where it says "press any button" I press and it locks
Brazilian Portuguese: freezes and never melts
I keep trying to fix the game and try again but it won't
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please provide me with your name?
Good evening NAME-N
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M, my name
I made the DME of icon choice on 25/01, but I received a single icon pack
In PRS-ORG I've seen that some are already receiving the correct package and I would like to have information
My email is EMAIL
Can you confirm?
What will they receive?
What about the Player Pic?
Which page on PRS-ORG can I follow?
There's nothing there on the page.
Just many complaints for the same reason
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you tell me your name, please?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
I am well thank God and with you, NAME-N?
My game does not load, and it keeps showing an error message
I have already uninstalled and installed it twice
And it continues to persist.
Unknown error, an unexpected error has occurred.
Try again
This message appears on the login screen
Ok
All right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning.
I'd like to try recovering an old PRS-ORG account
Brazilian Portuguese: which I no longer have access to the email
I had the following email: EMAIL
However, some time ago I changed this domain to EMAIL
And everything that was linked to it was no longer received in the new domain.
One replaced the other
The registered email address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I am having problem to enter the game
I can even connect to the PRS-ORG site but I can't connect to the game.
It says my e-mail is invalid.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you indicate your name please?
Good morning 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing alone in the middle of the matches, I have already deleted the game and installed again but the problem continues.
I’m unable to play PRS-ORG
I've already lost about 5 matches in PRS-ORG with this problem.
Nothing appears in the screen and the game just closes
Sometimes the game freezes and closes by itself, and sometimes it closes for no reason
I've already deleted and reinstalled the game, I've also restarted my PRS-ORG, would you be x from the factory because I thought it was a video game, but only the PRS-ORG is closing like that
In particular but departures from PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Oh boy
Then, I want to know how to uninstall my packages
So
But one can no longer have PRS-ORG
Only the PRS-ORG app
I only have the PRS-ORG APP
I can’t access the book I bought on 21/01.
I have already created the account, but the process cannot be terminated, the system does not accept the passwords that I enter.
I kindly ask for guidance regarding the cancellation since I wasn't able to do it on the website either.
EMAIL
Brazilian Portuguese: 14/01/2021
The Divine Code of Life
Please the refund
Please.
How do you do it without using the site?
I paid with a credit card.
If I don’t receive the email, how should I proceed?
Do you have an email I can report to?
Okay, I'm waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
They just invaded my account, I contacted you I was robbed I lost my team my coins and still the PRS-ORG sent a message saying that I am distributing coins, they can only be joking with me
Not at all, as I distribute coins, I would then block all accounts that purchased from my account?
At least everything that was listed tonight
How would I know this?
Yes
Currencies
Players
I played one match of rivals next to the 19:00
Ok
Tomorrow I will be in touch.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, could you state your name please?
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-N my name
on the 2nd I requested reimbursement of the PRS-ORG but it has not been updated or has not arrived with a confirming email
nothing like that
that is the request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any return?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, may I know your name please?
NAME-M
my  PRS-ORG App is not updating at the rate at which the internet is available
Brazilian Portuguese: It is well below normal.
in this case the problem is to update the game through the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please introduce yourself?
My PRS-ORG's prime gamer pack I can't receive
My name is NAME-M
About primegamer's ultimete bundle
Every month one is available for linked accounts.
This month, I didn’t receive it
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND #PRS_ORG# DOES NOT ALLOW ME TO ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
THE NEUROSCIENCE OF HAPPINESS
I had never bought anything, it was my first e-book.
MY FIRST
BUYING
Zip code?
WHAT POSTAL CODE?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: CEP #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
Brazilian Portuguese: REGION ON WHICH APPLIANCE?
#PRS_ORG#
I AM NOT SURE OF THE EMAIL.
THAT I USED IN THE #PRS_ORG# ACCOUNT..
I have been able to access the account #PRS_ORG#
however on the right corner, after clicking in login I didn’t find the link of #PRS_ORG#
I can't find the book that I bought
Hello #NAME#.
was speaking with his colleague
#EMAIL#
around 05/01
Brazilian Portuguese: was my only purchase, I did it via #PRS_ORG#.
A msg appears indicating that the book was added to #PRS_ORG#
I then accessed that app and it had nothing there.
vc que sabe.
The person said that he was going to send a book to my account and it was for me to tell him which book
okay
how do I do this
I bought the #PRS_ORG# e-book from the #PRS_ORG# website that recognises the payment on 28/12/20 but it wasn’t made available on my #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
The purchase was made on December 28th.
Before that, the last book I bought was O Reacionário by #NAME#.
28/12/#NUMBER#, but the book was not added to my library.
Sure.
#PRS_ORG#
Correct.
In my reader or on the computer, I didn’t understand the question.
Yes, please wait a bit.
ok, I'm already sending the attachment.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I'll check it out.
Okay!
I received it, thank you.
No, it's okay.
Yes, I will.
I am not able to open my book.
#EMAIL#
Jesus, the inspiration for relationships that are luminous.
He is in the ebook, but when he clicked it does not open and gives an error.
That
He does not stop spinning, then closes and there is an orange behind it
No
#PRS_ORG#
No.
I do not
Sorry, that is another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I don't see him anymore
And now?
Does not appear
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I did.
Yes
He's downloading
Here it is, thank you.
Thank you for solving the problem
Good morning, I constantly have trouble accessing my account on #PRS_ORG#!
I enter my username and password correctly, but the following message appears: “We couldn't find an account with that email address or password.
Check that you have entered it correctly."
okay
#EMAIL#
I think that it was the book #PRS_ORG#
That.
ok, I’ll wait
In software #PRS_ORG#, installed in my desktop (notebook), I enter with the login and password and I see the message: "We couldn't find an account with that email address or password.
Check that you have typed it correctly.
The login and password that I once used allowed me to access the account!
And so, what procedure should we follow to correct the problem?
Yesterday night I accessed directly via #PRS_ORG# and could access, today I tried to access and I can not!
I accessed via #PRS_ORG# yesterday and today I can't!
What's happening?
Brazilian Portuguese: A moment I will try
ok, I made it
thank you
Everything is ok.
Thank you
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
EXMOS.
SRS.,
I have never had any problems when buying any book.
BUT NOW I HAVE CHANGED THE PREPAID-E VISA CARD AND I MADE A MISTAKE.
WHAT COULD IT BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...FROM #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE: “ OOPS, AN ERROR OCCURED!
CHECK PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE DATA IS RIGHT #PRS_ORG# I MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE WITH #PRS_ORG# AND IT WENT WELL
YES THIS IS ACTIVE AND HAS BALANCE
I'M IN #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I opened the anonymous window and it's still the same.
HE SAYS HE MADE A MISTAKE.
OK
Hello, I bought five books in #PRS_ORG#, but three of them are not appearing on the account.
They have already tried to help me, but since it was not possible, they asked that I seek help from you.
#EMAIL#
I made the purchase on January 20th
But by #PRS_ORG#
It wasn’t directly through the #PRS_ORG# app
I'm doing this.
They still haven’t appeared.
I left.
What now?
Hello
I am.
You have to log in
I signed in with my Cultura account
The missing books did not appear
#PRS_ORG#
ok
Did not solve.
Yes
Even the staff at the Bookstore accessed my account and tried to make the books available manually, but they couldn't do it
Ok
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER#, request #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE MYSTERY OF #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
These are the ones who did not enter
It worked!
Already showing up here
The Brazilians appear yes
Thank you very much.
Hello
I don't need anything else.,Thanks
Hello, good afternoon.
My computer no longer recognises my #PRS_ORG#.
We have already tested on three different computers, including different cables too.
What could it be?
Thank you.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Can you help me without that date?
Every time I turn on the computer...
Ah, I didn't understand.
It started about a month ago or so.
Mine is #PRS_ORG#
Imagine.
Yes, it is. It is also charging normally when connected to the cable.
This
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I didn't understand.
Is it so I keep trying with the cable?
I've even done the reset and it still doesn't work.
Is there any assistance I can go to?
But is this common?
Why already tried with all the cables here at home and nothing
I have also done the reset, and nothing.
Do you have a phone I can use?
Or some technical assistance?
Online only?
But those instructions no longer work... I would like someone to see my e-reader.
I will keep trying, but it doesn't seem to me that it will start working “out of nowhere”
Okay.
Thank you then.
I'll see what I can do and get back to you...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
Something went wrong and we can't load this page right now.
Please try again later.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There has been a problem and we are unable to load this page at this time.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: attempted first purchase yesterday and today
In the #PRS_ORG# app in Android 9, in #PRS_ORG# in Android 9
i also tried in chrome no #PRS_ORG#
no
Transaction in progress...
Brazilian Portuguese: stay too long in this message
and then it gives an error
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: it is taking a long time also
I bought a card of 10€
I scratched off the card's pin
ok I already edited it.
I'll try to buy it
it worked ok ja
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
Brazilian Portuguese: has already completed the checkout
thanks.
goodbye
just himself
Good afternoon.
I was talking with another agent and the chat went offline
#EMAIL#
I bought the book "coisas de Gabriel" at the #PRS_ORG# bookstore on 01/14
But he doesn't show up here at #PRS_ORG#
Okay.
I am waiting
OK.
OK.
Thank you
I'm finding it odd because I purchased 2 books in the same order.
A physical and an ebook.
And they only sent me the physical NF along with the physical book.
I entered the culture site and the e-book is there in the request
And in the cultuta site, the option to pick up the invoice doesn't appear
truth  I used a gift card and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
This is the email I received from them
Tomorrow I'll contact them then
Thanks!
It was just that.
Good day to you as well
Hello!
I need help getting started with reading on my #PRS_ORG# reader.
I have already synced, I have already purchased the first book (approved card), and I can't open the book anyway.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Today, just a few minutes ago
A moment
#NAME#
I can see the book, but when I click on it, a message appears telling me to synchronize.
I've done it several times.
Apparec synchronized ok
Then ask to contact support
What do you do?
Okay.
Done.
Now I will start again.
Need help with a purchased ebook that doesn't appear in my account
Good afternoon
I bought an e-book yesterday through the #PRS_ORG# site
#EMAIL#
#NAME# 's accounts
Suppliers....bought yesterday from the #PRS_ORG# website.
in my e-reader and on my cell phone.
I have my obo account open on my smartphone and I am still resyncing it, but it still does not appear
I will open the ereader
I am fixing it
right
A book appeared.
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: it was just that
good afternoon
Good afternoon,
I tried to order 2 ebooks but when I go to process the payment (after entering the card number) it is stuck processing and it doesn't move forward.
#EMAIL#
I have not yet made any purchases
I am trying to make a purchase but when I proceed to process the payment (after entering the card number) it stays in process and doesn't advance..
website and app
I've tried both already
Does not have any special characters
I am just trying to process the payment and the page does not proceed.. it says processing
Yes.. it happens the same way.
Yes
I am doing it right now
Brazilian Portuguese: One minute, please.
In this moment, try to create a new account with a new email
Brazilian Portuguese: And went ahead to the step of "reviewing"
but when I press "purchase" nothing happens.
yes
I already managed to overcome that phase.
You have accepted the payment method, but not completed the purchase
Brazilian Portuguese: has no error messages
When I press the “complete purchase” button, nothing happens
Brazilian Portuguese: yes
i don't have #PRS_ORG#
but the site has already accepted the payment
Brazilian Portuguese: just does not go ahead in the last step.
I already made it.
I bought ebooks and now they won't open
#EMAIL#
I do not remember, but it was on #NUMBER#
They are the books foundation of heaven and the new times
Not when I try to go back to the main menu
Smartphone
I believe so.
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Sure.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I have done this procedure several times already
Since February 3, I can not complete the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# website.
When I click finish my purchase this is what appears: Oops, an error occurred!
Please review your payment information and try again.
I have tried many times, but it did not work.
#EMAIL#
The last book I bought was on February 2, Seasons of Callan Read
thanks
Okay.
just wanted to apologize, the correct name of the book that I mentioned above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I make the purchase on the #PRS_ORG# website
I already signed in
Sorry, but I don’t know how to exit incognito mode…
okay, i've managed to open an anonymous window, thank you
So, do I just click now to end the session?
Okay, I'll try then
I still can not complete the purchase...
Oops, an error occurred!
Review your payment information and try again.
ok
I still can't do it...
ok
Okay.
I am still waiting for the page to load.
Continues to not give...
ok
Also, no way
I usually use #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you so much for the help.
I'll wait then
Thank you and equally!
Good afternoon,
I bought an ebook using the wrong account, and I would like to know if I can transfer it to the correct account, or if I can get a refund for the value of the book.
Thank you very much,
#NAME#
Yes, #EMAIL# (logged in through #PRS_ORG#), the right account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted was to transfer the ebook to my email #EMAIL# because this is the one I use and which I have associated with my ereader
Okay.
So what should I do?
An error occurred while processing the request.
requested
In the website, through my computer
It says that you did not find any account with this email.
I have tried using my email associated with the account #PRS_ORG#, and the email the #PRS_ORG# has created for me.
You can not link your two accounts because they are from the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Answer
Ja fiz
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you.
It's done!
Thank you very much
Problem persists
#EMAIL#
I do not remember...
They must be more than 5 months old
Should be older than 5 months
I don't remember...
Problem continues.
#EMAIL#
In Italian?
Is this for real?
The ta...best
Lol
I can't open my book by the #PRS_ORG# Paradise Lost Volume 2
I have been served by this channel, but unfortunately, the guidance did not work
I was advised in the following way:
1.
In the home screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap on the three horizontal bars on the top left.
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
Tap Help & Feedback at the bottom of the menu.
Brazilian Portuguese: 3
Tap Repair your account.
Brazilian Portuguese: 4
Tap on Repair.
I did it but nothing... before that, just one book
Now I'm not able to open any book
Yes
Paradise Foundation vol. 2
After I leave #PRS_ORG#, this initial screen you refer to is the cell phone browser, correct?
#PRS_ORG#
That
Okay
Okay
I will do that.
Good day,
I can not access a book that I bought some time ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: GTD Make it happen
I deceived myself to do the right thing #PRS_ORG#
I could not access it.
I see the book and I see that it has 34% reading but I can't open it
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I am on a PC.
I can't see this option
I have no recourse.
to disable.
has been resolved
Thank you.
That's it.
thanks
Hello,
I'm trying to download my purchased books from my account #PRS_ORG# to my device #PRS_ORG#.
I followed the step-by-step guide on the website, but I can't export the book to EPUB version that allows me to transfer to #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do it?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
clear
I will check.
the title was
Na hora da decisão
I bought it with my smartphone
I already know how to do that
the file appears on my computer but I can't install it on my #PRS_ORG#
yes
I am
I didn't receive an error msg
The file format is not #PRS_ORG# compliant.
but it should, according to what the #PRS_ORG# site says.
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device
of another brand.
I can open it in #PRS_ORG#.
what is said on the website of #PRS_ORG# is that starting with #PRS_ORG# I can convert it to the EPUB format
Could you please tell me if there is another way of doing this?
Having
thank you.
I bought a book and it is not available to me.
not even in "my books" in my login
#EMAIL#
09/02/21
yellow dog
of #NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
they are the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem
the pgto was confirmed by them
Brazilian Portuguese: the same
I'm making arrangements, just wait
I have tried to send it.
doc but is not accepted.
How can I send it?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Is it serving?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I am accessing.
wait
in passing, i tried to download a free book "reason to kill" and i had to go through the whole purchasing procedure.
Brazilian Portuguese: he is also not available
Portuguese (Brazil): fiz ontem before yesterday
the problem is recurrent
says I have it but it's not available
Brazilian Portuguese: it worked.
I forgot to synchronize.
thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: we can end the chat
Brazilian Portuguese: okay.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
how long for delivery??
#EMAIL#
it is what you think.
Portuguese: is it possible to cancel
How?
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: delivery takes a long time
Brazilian Portuguese: is it possible to have a faster delivery
Brazilian Portuguese: I need it urgently.
Can you cancel?
I understand.
Brazilian Portuguese: he can cancel
thank you
thank you, I don't need to do anything else
thank you
I can’t see a title I purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
The challenging sale
ok
the challenging sale
desktop
I will do it.
It appeared.
thank you very much!!
That's it.
thank you so much.
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and tried to use the dictionary feature while reading a book and it says no definition was found.
I have already tested it in 3 books in Portuguese and one book in English.
I have already uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries and it still does not work
#EMAIL#
Outlandar the dragonfly trapped in amber bought today 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes
It's done.
It asks to synchronize.
Do I sync?
Just on the device
Ok has asked for an update
Shall I update it now?
I already updated it.
It is already working
Thank you so much.
I bought an ebook, but it is not in my list of ebooks
my email is #NAME#
So far I don't have
I can see it already...
On the #PRS_ORG# computer
I don’t know about cellphones.
Sorry, but it's my first time buying one and I don't know how to
ebook
ok
It's all right
Ready.
yes, I've already gone in
I dived into my books
And it appears.
I clicked the same thing.
I clicked twice on the cover and a page with the synopsis and now?
On the computer it isn’t working, I’ll try on the cell phone, sorry for the inconvenience.
I will try and if I can't manage I will bother you again, thank you for now
Likewise!!!
Good morning, can you buy newspapers at #PRS_ORG#'s store?
Hello #NAME#, is it possible to read my subscription from #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
I still haven't bought any books.
I wanted to use my #PRS_ORG# subscription
It doesn't hurt
Could you answer my question?
Pardon me for reading my question?
I didn't speak about books.
I saw that the #PRS_ORG# has a section of News and Mags but I don't know how to access this section
Thank you.
Yes, I could give feedback, as in this case I bought it specifically for this purpose
Good afternoon,
I am unable to set up my #PRS_ORG#.
I tried several times and I don’t get out of the same initial message.
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Hello.
thank you
#PRS_ORG#
no, what happens is that the screen doesn't come out of this message (in attachment), despite the pc application saying that the synchronization has ended
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to wifi either
no, it was offered to me by a person who no longer wanted it
thank you, of course.
Yes, I have downloaded the application
made
nothing happened, it was left on the screen where I sent the photo.
what it says is "download the #PRS_ORG# desktop"
yes
made
I'll try with another cable
it worked!
that was the problem
no, thank you very much!
Good evening
I am back in contact
I bought an e-book yesterday and I can't access it.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent the copy of the invoice.
I need a return
I do not want a refund
I want the book
What is it?
I'm trying in the #PRS_ORG#
Sorry for my ignorance
By phone
They say that it doesn't exist
Look, I am tired of this game of push and shove, I call, they ask me to talk to you, I speak here and they say that it is over there
First and Last Purchase
I want a solution
I don't want a refund.
Good morning, I want to buy the ebook but I cannot login to #PRS_ORG# using the same password as #PRS_ORG#.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must be more than a year by now
hello
Brazilian Portuguese: a moment
I am checking.
Brazilian Portuguese: See The Rise of the Third Reich
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: then
because that's right, by choosing #PRS_ORG#, you won't be accepting the same password as #PRS_ORG#
do you understand?
I cannot contact them.
do not answer the contact phone
I have not found a chat like this
Difficult
Yes.
okay
It's better that way.
will I receive an email then?
combined, thank you.
thank you
Good evening, I no longer have access to the book I was reading (bought in #PRS_ORG#).
I think it was by making a call to the PC.
I was at only 10% reading.
How can I solve this?
I think that's the #EMAIL#
unless otherwise, it may be #EMAIL#
Thank you
On #PRS_ORG#, I had access to the book and now, when I click on it, it says that it is not possible to access it.
thank you I'm trying it out
I am restarting
it is already corrected!
If I want to share a book with my mom (as I would with a physical book) could I do that?
Yes, I know, I was asking, just for comparison.
in other words, I wish my mother could read a book I purchased on the #PRS_ORG# Is there a way?
or should I lend you my personal #PRS_ORG#?
So, is it possible to use my account in two #PRS_ORG#  at the same time?
Perfect, thank you so much :)
Equally!
Thank you for your help!
I bought the ebook: DESVENDANDO NOSSO LAR, on 22/02/#, and to this moment it didn't show up on #PRS_ORG# to be read.
I bought it from #PRS_ORG#, and they show it as being sent to #PRS_ORG#.
I spoke to them on the phone and they stated that it’s you that needs to resolve the issue.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase date is 02/22/2019.
Ebook title: UNVEILING OUR HOME.
I’ll check now in my email, it’s just a moment.
How do I send it to you?
Is the number alone enough?
It’s in PDF.
Let me try taking a screenshot.
but send me the email.
All right.
I'm sending it, just a moment.
I sent the invoice via email.
It is in PDF.
Ok.
I thank you, for your attention!
Okay.
Correct.
I will do it right now on #PRS_ORG# app on my mobile.
Now, it has appeared.
Thank you very much!
Will it be the same problem the next time I make a purchase?
Good night, and thank you very much!!
I have come back now.
How the network fell, I don't know if you're online
hello #NAME#, I'm back.
my email is #EMAIL#
I entered with this email in #PRS_ORG# and only appeared the book Dom Casmurro.
How do I access the others in #PRS_ORG#?
I find your suggestion better because #EMAIL# is the email for entry in #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
But where do I find the e-books to synchronize?
Great!
Thank you
I sync'ed, but no books have been added to My Books yet
Yes, it is
Hallelujah!!!
It worked.
Thank you very much #NAME#
Thank you.
Everything is in order.
Health and Luck!
Hug.
Questions about the purchase of book and billing
#EMAIL#
I haven't used it yet.
when you make a purchase, are you able to read on the different equipment?
computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
and can invoicing be done with my company's data?
okay
I'll then check in the account
Where do I put the company data and the NIF?
I say the company's data to get the invoice.
i am not finding
Brazilian Portuguese: only count
Brazilian Portuguese: by the way accounts
I don't see my account
I can’t access the e-book “ifrs, creative accounting and fraud” by the author #NAME#, which I already paid for with a bank slip, since February 18th, 2021.
#EMAIL#
Ifrs, creative accounting and frauds
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I do
I am
I have already noticed
Great, it's already in my account.
Thank you very much
Service rating 10
That's it, thanks a lot 😁
Equally, I will sim give you good feedback for the great service
I have not received the ebook I purchased.
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#, registered and I can't access it.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Ebook: UNCOVERING OUR HOME, purchased on 22/02/#NUMBER#
It was in that email that I made the purchase and registered on #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
No.
I'm waiting with the email open.
I sent the email with the code you sent me.
I tried to link it and it didn't work.
I followed these steps here, and it didn't work.
I want to know exactly what is the problem.
At the time when I go to options and click on #PRS_ORG# it does not appear to link this account.
I will try.
Hello, #NAME# plans are for gyms?
Hi, are the plans of #PRS_ORG# for gyms?
not for companies, but individual plans that a natural person can hire to attend gyms
how do these different plans work?
#NAME#
Thanks for letting me know the values!
And I am looking for a plan that enables me to attend physical gyms, for example, 24 hours a day, amc and not online classes.
hello, I am here
thank you for the information
Good week.
Good morning.
Yesterday I scheduled a class but the attempt was frustrated.
When I got there the studio was closed.
I would like to get my credit back and not be charged any additional fees.
Thank you
Correct!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After some time not reading via the app I logged in and my ebooks disappeared.
It was #NAME#'s books.
My other question is if it is possible for me to download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them out.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No merit, #NAME#
Hello, thank you.
That's it.
There aren't any there.
I did have one but I deleted the account.
Brazilian Portuguese: Now it’s just this one
#EMAIL#.
I had to change the account with you guys but apparently it had worked
I would like you to transfer it to the account of #PRS_ORG#, please, and you may cancel the other one
There were several of #NAME#
Well, if you need me to name some titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, non-merit, marketing and archetype
Okay, just one second
It's #NAME#.
I'll see.
my daughter has an account #PRS_ORG# and is now able to buy a book
Brazilian Portuguese: from my daughter (who is who has the problem now is: #EMAIL#
or I can buy in my account and let my daughter read it
Hello #NAME#
My daughter has an account #PRS_ORG# and there she is not able to acquire a book.
or can I acquire it in my account and allow my daughter to read it?
What?
Brazilian Portuguese: Da relogio de gua
water
11.99
We already tried to buy via her #PRS_ORG# Reader and via my PC.
in any case we didn't manage
Until now I suppose that they did not charge me the card.
But also at this moment I cannot be sure, as sometimes it takes some time until the bank system synchronizes the operations
No.
Not expired
Can I purchase it in my account and let my daughter read it?
It is that I also have an account #PRS_ORG#, through which I bought 2 e-readers
Ah!
Does this mean that I can always purchase the books myself and share with my daughters, or can I only share one time?
didn't notice
yes
Please then ff if the purchase was made or not, so I can try again in another way,
okay?
thank you
No.
that is all.
Thank you and good afternoon.
I made a purchase of an ebook in English, it was #URL# on my credit card, but it does not appear on my #PRS_ORG# where to download.
What do I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author of...the ebook in English
No, I didn't buy from #PRS_ORG#.
I bought directly from #PRS_ORG# card #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Not.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: But I don't use
I'll check and let you know.
I need more information
To buy ebooks in English, how do I do it?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you
Perhaps a.co
Purchase did not go through because of this.. language
That's fine.
Thank you #NAME# for your attention.
I found a debit, as, later I saw it was older
Thanks, but no.
I'm talking about where I bought it #PRS_ORG#.
It has purchase number.
😊
Problem with the file.
#EMAIL#
5 February
Thank you, #NAME#.
I bought today the ebook Learn to live in the now from #NAME#
When I try to open it, it gives an error message saying that I can't open the document.
I've already synced my eReader 3 times and it is still showing the same error
on #PRS_ORG# eReader
Ok
I am restoring right now.
I am monitoring the Restore Progress Bar.
I'll warn you when I update it, okay?
Hello
It is at the end of the update
I tried it now
And it did not open
Continues with the same error.
The following notification will appear: "Opa!
"Could not open this document"
OK
A moment
A moment
You're downloading the books again.
A moment
Worked
Thank you very much!
Good job :)
No
You already helped
Thank you very much
I've been chatting with #NAME#, did everything I was told and I can't finalise a purchase because you're saying there's an error
#EMAIL#
Several, Terra Alta
I have already talked to your colleague #NAME# and I did what he said to do, but the problem still continues
What information did they delete?
They're fooling me.
I've done this before.
Read what is said to you, sff
I am unable to check out the purchase
I don't know what your colleague did, or didn't do.
I can't finalize purchases on the #PRS_ORG#
Do you want to talk about it, or not?
I have already added the information
But here it seems that it is not a matter of following a standard, but rather of personalizing the problem and finding a solution
I only have one credit card.
I always use the same and have never had any problems
Then the same thing happens, I'll stop another officer and it starts all over again
How do you expect me to feel if you don't do anything?
There are no missing informations, they are all there
I'll go back to do everything all over again.
Hello I am unable to access my Ebook that I purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
on the 12/02, LETTERS OF A STOIC, VOLUME I
That very email, I use it in #PRS_ORG#...and in the #PRS_ORG# account
I only bought this one, and I'm not able to access through #PRS_ORG# account
I added another ebook to #PRS_ORG#..ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I'll check.
I am going to send you an image
Visitor uploaded: Sem-título.jpg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found it in my email
I am going to send you
only 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox-(1.080)#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
sorry
I will send you
complete
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I’ll check it out.
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: was added
only that
thank you so much
for your attention
thank you very much
Good day
I need assistance to recover and transfer the books: education against barbarism, the #PRS_ORG# circuits from the #EMAIL# account to mine
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
onten I managed it with the help #NAME# I managed to rescue one book but two are still missing
yes
because I can't try out the #PRS_ORG# account
Brazilian Portuguese: Education against barbarism and the circuit of affects.
I can't
please kindly transfer the money to me.
Brazilian Portuguese: he didn't arrive
I am trying to see on my mobile phone #PRS_ORG#
Thank you, it worked and I recovered the book.
not only the three I purchased and the ones I had already in my #PRS_ORG# account.
yes thank you
Good afternoon!
God bless your day.
I bought the ebook Mundança de Mindset - uma nova forma de pensar a educação.
I purchased the book in Portuguese but I can't open it on #PRS_ORG#.
According to the book store, the ebook is corrupt and I need to contact them for support.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 15/01/#NUMBER#
The book is: Change of Mindset - a new way of thinking education
no, only this email
I also did a preview
but I did a purchase at #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the emai with the purchase confirmation
but I can access the note itself
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
The PDF with the Receipt or the XML, I haven't received it from the Bookstore
but, logging into my account at #PRS_ORG#, that message pops up that it's already been finished.
Also, I received the following message from Cultura:
Is everything okay?
We appreciate the new opportunity;
Pay attention to your email, about the order #PHONENUMBER#, we talked to #PRS_ORG# and it was detected that the ebook has a failure.
They asked you to contact #PRS_ORG#'s support directly, via CHAT.
Portuguese: the book appears in the library
now
I am going to read... o
thank you
equally
Good afternoon!
I am trying to play an audiobook, but it only plays for 4 minutes.
#EMAIL#
The duke and I
Brazilian Portuguese: yes
Smartphone
I just did it
The issue has been resolved.
Thank you so much!
No.
Thank you very much for your help.
Have a nice afternoon.
Good evening, yesterday I received my #PRS_ORG# and there is no dictionary or translator.
I would like you to help me, thank you.
#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes I've done all of these things.
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And dps when I try to use it it appears like this
Would like you help please thank you
Yes
I bought it today
Yes
That's fine
That's fine.
It already works, thank you for your regards.
I need help to find my book that I just bought
#EMAIL#
the girl on the train
please
my account receipt #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
sapiens
Where?
I just tried the synchronize button
Brazilian Portuguese: because that's what the website said
and nothing went inside
How do you do it?
made
ok
I synchronized and it did not enter
okay.
Yes
nothing
yes
how to do it?
Yes
Thank you
appeared
it is downloading.
thank you so much for your help
Brazilian Portuguese: sure thing
not very thank you
I would like to know the values of the subscription plans
Is she all right?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works - values and if I can use it for weight training classes
Is it in euros?
Not in real?
can you tell how many credits you use for #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thank you!
I found it a bit expensive for those who go 3 times a week...
Good evening.
I'd like to let you know that they have once again charged the subscription without me being able to confirm my return to the gyms.
I haven’t gone out for safety, especially because we are in the red phase.
I would like to request a refund, please.
I cancelled my plan but they still charged me.
Please await my return.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer.
I don’t have anywhere to use all the credits I have
I want a refund
Yes.
Thank you.
I will watch if the refund has been made in these days.
My credits cannot be transferred to someone else?
I understood.
Thank you
I'd like to know values of all the packages for the physical person.
good day
I need to know the values and I can’t find them on the website
can you help me?
I am wondering what your packages are like, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits for example
Wrong charge
Hello
Brazilian Portuguese: how are you?
Hello!
There's a payment from your company on my credit card.
But no longer a customer
Brazilian Portuguese: CPF #PHONENUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: phone #PHONENUMBER#
I do not remember.
perhaps it was #PRS_ORG#
Or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
right, by the CPF can't get anything?
Credit card end #NUMBER# mastercard
I don't have
can I cancel the payment together with the bank then?
I have already given you my CPF, unfortunately I do not have any other emails
Brazilian Portuguese: maybe you lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
What do I do then?
have a value of #PRS_ORG# in my credit card.
I want your company to send me an email saying that I am not associated with you and that the value is not correct
#EMAIL#
I'm at work I can not stay here for a long time
tá bom - It's okay
Thank you!
#NAME#
There was an incorrect charge on my account.
#NAME#
I do not have all this information on hand.
I don't remember the day I canceled
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
04/21
I just can't remember the date it was cancelled.
Brazilian Portuguese: 08/10/#NUMBER#
Hello there, good evening!
How are you?
Hello #NAME#, how are you doing?
I would like to reactivate my subscription if there are 14 days free
and also for a lower value/plan
because when I click to reactivate
the value filled automatically this is #NUMBER# - with 30 credits..and I want 99 with up to 15 credits
Can you help me?
Brazilian Portuguese: below is a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Could you check if I can get the 10 credit benefit (14 days for free)?
I want to test the studio and I want to make sure that I can cancel my plan if I don't like the studio.
I cannot find the Pilates studio that I go to in order to schedule a class
#PRS_ORG#
it was where I last gave a class
I'll try again.
I didn't make any reservation for #NUMBER#
Is there any reservation for today?
when I search the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
Brazilian Portuguese: 1
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: 2
#PRS_ORG#
when I choose option 1, it opens page #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I choose option 2 (the one I need to schedule the class), it opens the page #URL#
so, are not attending #PRS_ORG#
Is it related to the pandemic?
Brazilian Portuguese: right?
Hello, I have a plan with 15 monthly credits and I can’t schedule swimming classes at #PRS_ORG#, every time I try to pay it gives me an error.
Hi #NAME#.
Yes
Can you tell me if I need to have a specific plan to book SWIMMING?
Yes, please.
Good morning.
I would like to know better how credit works.
For example, with a plan with 30 credits, how many classes can I attend?
Thanks!
likewise!
I am
I understood!
I would like to hire for on average 2x a week to do Pilates in studios close to my house
or any other activity that is not the gym
Fight, perhaps.
Brazilian Portuguese: the plans are monthly, right?
Sorry ahaha I have another question
on the homepage the available plans and quantity of credits are shown
in Portuguese: together, it appears "mark up to x classes"
How does it work?
Is the amount of classes demonstrated there weekly or monthly?
I got it.
thank you so much!
You are charging my card without authorization
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
CANCELLATION DATE: It’s been a year already
Amount due: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been charged in the past few months.
on 26/12/#NUMBER# a charge was made
Brazilian Portuguese: ops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
that
#NAME#, I wanted to know how the plan works... for the price of R$189.00 for example, can I use any gym, make a check-in per day, what is the value of each check-in for classes, or massages?
#NAME#
#NAME#, I would like to know how the plan works... for the value of R$189,00 for example, can I use any gym, check in once a day, what is the value of each check in for classes, or massage?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, in #PRS_ORG#
I am in São Paulo
Brazil
#URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: for example, this gym, to take a class, do you know what would be charged?
Good afternoon!
I requested a quote and to this day, I have not received a response to my request.
I'm waiting for the contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and didn't answer
Yes, for corporate hire
Yes.
I work for #PRS_ORG#, and I'd like to know about the corporate plans to hire for #PRS_ORG# employees
1) Your business email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company Name: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to know about the company's plans to hire employees from #PRS_ORG#.
I still don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
The corporate data is as follows:
1) Your commercial email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company name: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
The #PRS_ORG# doesn't have!
I have requested a quote through the Corporate Subscriptions page, but I haven’t received a response
All right, I will realize the quotation process again
Thank you!
Doubt about Training/Credit
Hello.
Good day
I have a question before subscribing to a plan
If I sign up for the #NUMBER# plan per month, can I only go to the gym 5 times per month because I have only 5 credits?
in the case of me I just want to go to the gym and workout in person
I don't care much about online classes
dx let's see if I understood it
If I sign up the #NUMBER# one, can I go to the gym to workout from Monday to Friday, and are the credits only for online classes?
I will change my question
to try and see if you can truly understand
With the #NUMBER# plan, can I go to the gym from Monday to Friday of the month to do my workout that I already have in mind without having to worry about adding credits?
I have no interest in online classes or anything like that
I understood more or less
that’s another thing
Brazilian Portuguese: for example
the #NUMBER# plan cost 5 credits, if the normal class in the gym is 1 credit I can only go 5 times per month
Brazilian Portuguese: all right.
kkkkk
The least the gym costs is with 1 credit to work out?
I understood.
Thank you very much, indeed.
good job.
kkk
Hello.
Hi, don't you speak in Portuguese?
thank you!
I would like to know how much credit I need in order to attend the gym at least 3x a week.
I did not find on the website information about the fees that the academies charge...
I like #PRS_ORG# on Paulista Ave.
specifically the classes of YOGA
okay
okay, thanks for the information
HEY,
I WOULD LIKE TO RECEIVE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#.
I am #NAME#, I have a gym in Porto Alegre and would like more information about the service and partnership opportunity
ok, I'll take a look and get back to you with any questions
Does not have this page in Portuguese?
TKS
no thanks
I would like to cancel
Just confirm if cancellation was successful, please
Not
Good evening!
I have already started two other chats, but they disappeared.
I would like to receive back the credit of the classes that did not happen.
A Saturday stretching class at the gym #PRS_ORG#, and a astanga class at the #PRS_ORG#.
No
The stretching class was on the 22nd of this month
And Astanga’s in the #PRS_ORG# on October 5.
None happened.
Ok :)
That’s okay.
I will let you know!
Thanks a lot!!
Good evening!
Hello.
I would like to receive back the credits for the classes that didn’t happen
Okay :)
Hello, I am having problems managing my credits
My understanding is that the 24 credits I have will expire tomorrow, and I can't schedule a Saturday lesson with these credits.
However, I am only keeping my active subscription with you, in the pandemic with everything closed, as I received an email saying that the credits would no longer expire in the cycle exchanges.
Ok
Yes
Ok, when they go to consult, the main question is about credits not expiring any more
I’m waiting for the email
Hugs
Hello!
I booked a lesson that didn’t happen and I haven’t received the credits back.
It’s the second time this has happened.
I'd like to receive a credit for the class that didn't happen back :)
Good day. We are a national association with more than 40,000 servers in our database, and we are interested in forming a partnership to provide plans with differentiated values.
Waiting for contact
thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: can you send me the form please
Thank you very much.
Hey, I was charged for a plan that I am not using, and I'm requesting a refund
How do I pass the signature on to someone else?
Why is my money not free to be spent willy-nilly?
Thank you very much!!
I would like to know about the academies in sao paulo
#NAME#
How do I know what is charged in each gym?
Do the credits allow me to go to any gym?
I understood.
thank you.. I will think about it
signature
hello.
I tried to make a subscription
charged to my card
Brazilian Portuguese: and blocked
I was doubtful.
Brazilian Portuguese: whether it was or not
#EMAIL#
I registered for a 14 day test
I informed the card
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: and then bloayeo
blockage
#EMAIL#
#NAME?, I'm unable to change my credit card on the website
Hi
I am not able to update my data because my card is working normally
I tried both of them.
Brazilian Portuguese: even
None of them worked.
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Ok
I'll wait
Okay
I have a lesson at 16:45, I wanted to understand if I can make it or if I need to cancel because the account is suspended
Okay, I'll do that.
And what about the class?
Can I cancel without cost until I solve this?
Just the one from today itself, as until I manage to speak in the bank, it may take some time!
That was it!
Any problem I will get back to you.
Thank you!
Do I cancel the class or you cancel?
Okay thanks
have a good day too!
Hello, good morning
I would like to know if I can suspend the subscription for a period
Hello #NAME#!
yes
I need to take a break from classes but I would like to keep the account.
and the credits
yes
only confirms if it's possible to freeze the subscription
How long can I stay off work?
the collection will be suspended
understood
then every month I'll have to contact to renew the suspension?
okay
What is the best day to call each month?
Good night.
How are you doing, Td?
For the second time I arrived at the yoga studio and my name was not on the list.
I have been making bookings normally and so have the credits as well
Ok thank you
Okay.
Thank you!
Brazilian Portuguese: Notify her pf
Just that, good night
Hello, good morning.
I am trying to book a reservation in #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but an error message shows up.
I tried two different schedules... how do I book?
Thanks #NAME#!
:)
No problem.
Do you need some information from me?
#EMAIL#
Good afternoon Ola
Hello good afternoon!
#NAME#, everything is great and I hope that you are well
I would like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
How do I cancel?
this link does not open
could you help me in other way ?
Everything is ok, I wait for your confirmation, and if possible, can you send me an email with the confirmation of the cancellation?
Is there a confirmation email?
Alright, thank you very much
Hello!
I am from Brazil and I saw that you have many affiliated gyms in São Paulo, however, I cannot access the Brazilian prices.
Where do I see my country's price?
Thanks,
#NAME#
Thank you!
How does it work?
Do I spend a credit each class?
Can it be used in any affiliated gym?
I understood!
I'm interested in the #PRS_ORG# branch of #PRS_ORG#
I understood.
Is there any more fee to pay, such as enrollment fee?
Will the values be charged in Real, so I won't have to pay tax for making an international transaction?
Right!
I will think about it and contact you again.
Thank you so much
Just this.
Thank you
Hello, good night.
I'd like to ask a question.
Hello #NAME#.
I would like to understand the plan of R$189 per month = 30 credits
Each booking corresponds to 1 credit, is that correct?
And why not 30 credits but only for 9 classes?
Are there 9 types of classes or are there just 9 classes in the monthly period?
I do not know if my doubt was clear 🥲
It is still unclear.
So I can only make 9 bookings on this plan, is that right?
Ahhhh I got it
But why are there 9 classes?
That's the maximum "lesson options" I can choose on this plan, is that right?
For example: bicycle, pilates, yoga, swimming, bodybuilding, etc.
Can't there be more than 9 options?
And what does it mean?
Hummmmmm
So I can disregard those 9 classes?
kkkkkkk
Perfect
That was it then
Good afternoon.
I would like to request the reimbursement of my credits.
From my location, there is nothing available to use.
How to recover the amounts?
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund for my credits.
Due to my location, there is nothing available for use.
How to retrieve the values?
okay.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
I wasn't getting any advantage by offering nothing close to me.
Thank you!
Good afternoon, I would like to know the activities in Campinas SP
Brazilian Portuguese: hello
as for what I saw
they only have 1 studio that accepts you here in Campinas
Brazilian Portuguese: so there is just this gym?
Do they intend to have more in Campinas?
My book "Música" does not show the images neither in the #PRS_ORG# nor in the mobile phone.
Is there any better version?
Sure thing!
:) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
That is what happens.
In the mobile phone it is the same.
I don't know if I won't have the corrupted file or if it is a general problem
I just said that the error happens in the android... and it doesn’t happen with any other book.
Yes:)
But only in this book
I know where to make the repairs, thank you.
But is it worth it for just 1 file to cause problems?
The other books do not give
I made the purchase of a book with a different email from the one configured initially and it was accepted, with a #PRS_ORG# promotion card and it was transmitted to the reader but I can’t open it.
What to do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Ok
Police
I am looking for the model designation, but it is the first in your list
Brazilian Portuguese: it still won't open
Brazilian Portuguese: the book is appearing but it won't open
Just a moment while I turn the camera on
#EMAIL#
still without opening but I will send you the information that appears to me
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
is already
Is it for setting up the ereader?
Brazillian Portuguese: rotten PC's?
I have
okay
ok and thanks.
Yes, and thanks again for the attention.
equally
Hello, how are you?
A few months ago, I needed to reinstall the #PRS_ORG# app on my PC.
When I did that, I lost all my purchased books.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thank you.
Cell Phone to contact: #PHONENUMBER#
My account was #EMAIL#.
However, this email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the application, it automatically changed to #EMAIL#
Sorry, I spoke wrong.
Brazilian Portuguese: always was #EMAIL#
Yes, please!
thank you!
I will test it here
Sorry, where do I make the synchronization?
On the computer or on #PRS_ORG# itself?
the computer does not have the application
he is new.
How low?
on the #PRS_ORG# device
#EMAIL#
I did it, but this is giving an error.
Yes, error of syncronization
okay, so one minute
Brazilian Portuguese: it seems it's working!
just one minute left to finish
looks like everything worked out just fine
Do I need to do anything else?
ok, thanks a lot!
happy new year.
Good afternoon,
I have made a points exchange via the #PRS_ORG# You protocol and I would like to know which publisher partners have been selected so that I can use my book.
Thanks,
#NAME#
Surely: #EMAIL#
I haven’t bought anything on the #PRS_ORG# site yet
I made an attempt to exchange points via #PRS_ORG# website with #PRS_ORG# You protocol, and I was given a code that allows me to purchase a book in your store
however any book I select is not allowed, and when I looked at the rules it says it only applies to some selected partner publishers, and I'd like to know which ones
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
Sure, one moment please.
It appears in the list as "pending"
already available!
thanks a lot for the help
No, thank you so much for the help
I can normally read e-books on #PRS_ORG# but they will not load on #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
December 29
It does not load e-books.
It says: "care
Says: "loading...." and nothing happens
I uninstalled #PRS_ORG# and installed it again several times.
I restarted #PRS_ORG# many times.
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# (3rd generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I've done it already.
It keeps not charging.
Do not open the book.
I switched it off and on again.
I deleted the app.
It is not.
I went to settings.
Yes.
It does not have "file"
I am “armanezamento”
I did not find any.
I did not find "restart"
"Slide to turn off," that's what came up.
I turned it off
I called again
Found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I’m viewing my e-books
I didn't even need to log in
Good afternoon, I am unable to buy books with any credit card, only with an offering card.
How can I solve the problem?
#EMAIL#
The last one was today and is called The only woman
The mobile phone
The eReader was also used to attempt purchases
#NAME#
Yes you can do that.
Yes
I believe it has already been completely eliminated
Ok
Next?
OK I'm in process
Good evening.
I acquired the e-book "A Promised Land", by Barack Obama, on November 17.
I had already downloaded the file to my #PRS_ORG#, however, it is now missing and I cannot download it again.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: day 01/12
thank you
yes
a e-reader #PRS_ORG#
clear
functioned
I have just finished now.
thank you
at the moment, not
I'm the one who's thankful
equally
How to turn on Family Sharing
#EMAIL#
December 29
That's it.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
The purchased books won't load on the #PRS_ORG#
Wheel, wheel and it doesn't come in
I do not receive error messages
I left the account and entered again.
Don't need to log in.
The problem continues.
#PRS_ORG#
Books purchased from Cultura are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#
I see the covers, but not the text.
I reinstalled the app and the problem continues
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3rd generation and #PRS_ORG#
I did not understand.
I have a free book from #PRS_ORG# and it loads normally
In purchased books the app says it is "loading" and does not load anything.
I can read normally in #PRS_ORG#, but in #PRS_ORG# I have a problem.
#PRS_ORG# of #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I'm with #PRS_ORG# in this account
I'm currently leafing through the book on the #PRS_ORG#
I am trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Ok
Waiting, with no problems
The book of "Milícias" is not showing up.
Yes.
It has reappeared but continues to not load.
Waiting for contact.
I'll have lunch.
Thanks for all the help so far.
Thank you.
A good year to you and your team.
I am not able to download the ebook
Hello
Hello
#EMAIL#
Our daily bread.
Okay.
In the cell phone #PRS_ORG#
I can, but the loaf of bread that never opens
No, it just spins the ball and then it goes back to the book cover screen
I've already done that.
If I leave the screen, I will lose the chat
I bought an ebook by Cultura since the 28/12/#NUMBER# and so far it is not released for my reading.
The title is What is Inclusive Education.
It has already been invoiced, I received a sales receipt and I am unable to synchronize!
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 28/12/#NUMBER#
the purchase code is  # #PHONENUMBER#-01
okay
I already did
it still does not appear... there's only what I bought in June #NUMBER#
that is what I had sent before...
Phone: # #PHONENUMBER#-01
that is the purchase
I have paid by credit card, it has already been billed and it is listed as being sent on the #PRS_ORG# website!
I just don't understand the reason they haven't released it yet...
Another address?
but my email #PRS_ORG# is the one I gave you?!
I have the receipt that I received by email
I will forward.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
There it is!
That
In my app, it's not showing up yet...how should I proceed?
It has now appeared!
Finally!
Thank you so very much!
I am the one who is grateful!
I have doubts
#EMAIL#
it should take about two days
hello
How are you?
I am starting to read in the #PRS_ORG# now
I am not able to mark the page
Portuguese: No
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#
still can’t do it
When I get to the "Notes" what should I do?
I can't see the option to mark the page
Brazilian Portuguese: on the top right side of the page, there doesn't appear a crease mark on the corner of the page
I'm still not able to
nothing
already did it
Brazilian Portuguese: I can't get through to you can I?
ok
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: still nothing
what is #NAME#?
thank you
bye
Password
I bought 05/01
Hi there anyone
#EMAIL#
I am having a problem with my password
If I put my son's e-mail will I be able to
Ok
No mobile phone
I don't have a computer
Yes, I am having problems synchronizing with the bookstore to get the book I bought
It’s not gonna happen
Moment only.
I managed with another email.
How do I gain access to the book?
They were lean and happy ever after.
Brazilian Portuguese: Only minutes
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
Did you see the 2 that I sent was missing, 1 number
What do I do when the bookstore rings up
I bought through #PRS_ORG#
I'll call the bookstore
Thank you.
Ok
I bought an ebook and I want to download it to my cellphone.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/01/#NUMBER#
I bought it from #PRS_ORG#, but I think I used my corporate email when purchasing today, email is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have the #PRS_ORG# application on my mobile phone on the #EMAIL# account, will I have to download the application again on the corporate email account?
I bought the book Range.
Brazilian Portuguese: it shows up in the #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but gives an error when opening
#EMAIL#
Range
ok
"Oops! No it was not possible to open this document. There may be a problem with the file.
Try to synchronize your ereader If you still cannot open the file, please contact #PRS_ORG# customer service at #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: right
Okay
Done.
now a menu appeared to choose the iioma
Brazilian Portuguese: language
I have logged in again and it's downloading Range again.
I am waiting for the download to finish that started automatically.
entered
I already did, but okay, the important thing is that it entered.
something must have been missing
thank you
Just that, thank you very much and happy new year
good job
ok, thanks!
After the factory reset, the tablet does not start anymore.
When I try to configure the wi-fi an update error occurs.
I tried to reset again and also wiped the cache but it didn't work.
What should I do?
thank you.
I'm sorry, I don't have an account
I believe that is the simplest, the #PRS_ORG#
that
Brazilian Portuguese: yes no complete the connection
#7
Brazilian Portuguese: error #7
How can I update using the android robot using the usb drive option?
yes I am on my computer
and the tablet is connected
Brazilian Portuguese: no
I'm going to install
now I have it ready
if the e-reader is the tablet, yes it is
I would like to remember that I did a factory reset on the tablet
in Portuguese: there is no such option
after the first screen where I select the language and press get started, next I have the screen to set up wi-fi and I do not have the option not to configure
I only have options for Scan, Add Network, Back, Next and select some wifi network.
Yes, turning it off now
Reconnecting again.
just called me and I got the message that the #PRS_ORG#ou
What is the #PRS_ORG#?
no, how?
I am so grateful for your help and patience #NAME#, but I really must go now.
I will try another time to find help here.
Thank you and have a great day.
What's your email address?
Okay, thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
I made a purchase of a book, paid via #PRS_ORG#, but the book is not present in my account.
#EMAIL#
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: 10
Yes
Ok
I am trying to upload the image.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God’s Blessing on this Wonderful World!, Vol.
Volume 11 (light novel)
Okay.
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction I made about 25 minutes ago, I just received that information
I did not receive an invoice from #PRS_ORG#
Until then I don't have access to the book or I can buy it, right?
Ok, thank you.
No.
I’m waiting for a resolution via email.
I can't open the book I bought.
#EMAIL#
I think it was on the 4th of January.
Thank you
Yes, I can't open and read it
Thank you
I carry the book to open and read and page turns to start
It's not enough to just open
Yes
Yes in the app of my #PRS_ORG#
Yes
It's not supposed to?
#PRS_ORG#
Yes if I can
Already is
Or rather I had already done this before contacting you.
But I went back to doing it again
No way
It still doesn’t open
Uploaded by visitor: #URL#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I carry the book over the top to open the door and it does not open.
Go back to the same site as it is in the image
I played like you asked and it still won’t open.
Yesterday night I managed to open it.
Brazilian Portuguese: Today is not possible.
OK I have already ended the session
It's done already.
Thank you.
Hello, I would like to transfer my books from account #PRS_ORG# to #EMAIL# and delete that first email from my account.
Thank you.
No merit, #NAME#, the first... And they placed a #PRS_ORG# on the second these days for confirmation purposes
Yes, he told me, but I can't see them there.
Brazilian Portuguese: The #PRS_ORG# app
#PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thanks, sometimes we forget to try the obvious
No,it was just that, thank you.
Okay
#PRS_ORG#
Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook has begun to give problems again, I can't open any book.
#EMAIL#
Sorry, but what's an e-reader?
I had that same problem with a book a week or so ago.
Use on your mobile phone, #PRS_ORG#.
All the books appear, but they will not open.
On the notebook it works normally.
Hello, yes it has shipped.
I have already had this problem with a book that wouldn't open. It appears but doesn't open.
Now it's all.
Okay.
Mobile phone, on a notebook it works well.
All good
Dear friends, good evening, I would like to remove the card that is saved in my profile without entering another one at the moment, is it possible?
#EMAIL#
the dare
then, for me it only shows the option to edit and not delete
Yes please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
for me it only remains this way, if I could delete it would help me a lot
just deleted the card didn't you #NAME#?
only this same #NAME#, thank you very much for your attention, okay?
Brazilian Portuguese: a question, wouldn't there be the option of boleto in the future?
instead of paying with the card pay with the boleto
I'll send, thanks a lot for your help #NAME#, have a great day
I bought the e-book "The Rats' Seminar" through #PRS_ORG# on November 29, #NUMBER# for R$ 11, 96 (promotion).
Already pay by credit card.
To this day I haven’t received it.
I would like to know what happened and if I will get the book.
Thank you for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase on 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
In my #PRS_ORG# I can't either because it doesn't appear for me on any of the devices.
It's like I didn't even buy it.
The books I purchased earlier appear peacefully.
But not this one.
Ok, just one moment please.
He showed up.
What a joy!!!!
Thank you very much!!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Great end of afternoon to you.
Thanks.
I purchased a #PRS_ORG# form and the EReader is locked.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
January this year.
I bought from your website on December 24th the #PRS_ORG#, form #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# and the device locked up.
It does not switch pages nor switch off.
I see the text that was on the screen.
It was about 80% charged.
Not once that it had so much charge that it wouldn't drain the battery
Not
You are already connected
It has connected and it has already restarted.
It had no battery.
Yes and it’s already charging.
Good evening, I acquired the book Chronicles and Caprices, but it has disappeared from the #PRS_ORG# books.
It appears in my client area, however when I sync it does not appear in #PRS_ORG#.
When looking for the book in the store at #PRS_ORG# it is listed as having never been bought.
I believe that when you updated the edition of the book, it ceased to be recognized on the device.
I ask for help, thank you.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: The midnight sun
thank you
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: a moment, please
Brazilian Portuguese: it still doesn't appear...
I think so
I believe that it has to do with the new edition
because the book shows up in my web browser account, but not on my #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
Brazilian Portuguese: One moment please
#NAME#
thank you so much
that's it, thank you very much
Good job and good night!
Good afternoon,
I have been trying to purchase an ebook on your site for the last day, but I always get an internal server error #NUMBER# at the point of purchase.
How can I solve this situation and purchase the ebook?
Thanks!
#EMAIL#
the only ebook that I have right now
Brazilian Portuguese: it's the
#NAME#
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: right now the computer
#PRS_ORG#
the error that shows is the following:
Visitor uploaded: erro-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
already
now I'm in the buying zone
it had already left
do you want to return there?
Brazilian Portuguese: ok
I'm going to add that
I have already added.
okay
I’ve already made it!
Thank you very much for your help.
no, it was just that
thank you once again
ok, I will answer
APP #PRS_ORG#  Desktop says my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I have purchased ebooks.
I request immediate recovery please.
#EMAIL#
I don’t know when I purchased them; around 3 to 5 years ago
Yes
Waiting.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
The message says it is empty.
I downloaded it again, but it still gives me the same message.
Yes.
Yes.
Pronto.
where is the link to settings.
Brazilian Portuguese: Vejo Tem ima conta?
Enter and above there is the help button
I can't find the link
I understand, but I don't know how to proceed.
Yes.
Okay.
I have logged in #PRS_ORG# and it says that it can't find the account
Yes.
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: ok.
I'm ready.
Yes, I am trying to see.
I accessed the page
I'm picking up the envelope.
I inserted the password, but it didn't log in
We couldn't find an account with this email or address.
OK.
thank you.
Good day.
I bought 2 books last night but I could not read it on my #PRS_ORG#.
I have already synchronized but it still has that problem.
Thanks in advance!
#EMAIL#
Yesterday evening from 21 January to 22 January
thanks!
The books I bought last night are Sapiens - A Brief History of Humanity and The Tattooist of Auschwitz.
Portuguese: the book covers appear in "My Books" but when I want to open it to read it appears "Oops!
This document could not be opened!
said it was probably a problem with the file.
and asks me to sync my ereader but it still has a problem
and #PRS_ORG# has already sent the proof of purchase to my email
Yes.
I can open it on my Telemovel
Brazilian Portuguese: okay!
thank you, 🙏🏽
okay.
okay.
I'll inform you of something.
still not over
Brazilian Portuguese: it still has the problem
I'm trying again.
Good morning!
I would like to know about technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG#, which burned the inner light.
#EMAIL#
November 22
ta bien
I'm
Brazilian Portuguese: so, he is old
Brazilian Portuguese: the light is not working anymore
Wow, let me find out.
perae
: #PRS_ORG# (Qty: 1)
how do I do that?
are you okay?
#NAME#!
If it doesn't work, is there assistance?
ta bem
uai
I wrote it wrong
I'm sorry
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: It’s quite old kkk
but I say that even if I pay, would I be able to get a job?
aaah, I got it
Brazilian Portuguese: very well.
I hope it is the procedure you taught from scratch.
sure
thank you very much for the guidance
No.
just that
Good day!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How can I do it?
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, the Account Settings option is not there
The page is gone.
Now when I type #URL# it goes straight to #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
In the left corner is Enter and Not my account
The information comes: We can't find an account with this address......Please double check
How come?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do that?
The following message appears: To keep your #PRS_ORG# account safe, we've locked you out after five failed sign-in attempts.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
okay
A link came up for me to join.
Is that it?
Ok.
I created a new password and the message came up: We couldn’t find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you typed it correctly.
That's right.
OK I was able to log in.
Ufa!!
I am now in account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria Cultura, click Link this account?
Go back to #PRS_ORG# and Sign In.
When I clicked to enter came up: We did not find an account with that email address or password.
Check that you have entered it correctly.
I repeated the steps Link this account to the side of #PRS_ORG# and always comes the message above
Brazilian Portuguese: above
How is that?
Yes, normal
I’ve already contacted #PRS_ORG# and they’ve tried and said that the problem is with #PRS_ORG# and that I should contact you... it’s difficult, isn’t it?
okay.
Yes.
Solving the Problem
OK.
My #PRS_ORG# is not working, I charge it but it won’t turn on.
The model is #PRS_ORG#, where can I get assistance?
#EMAIL#
I do not have this information, I never used #PRS_ORG#, I earned more but it does not work
OK.
because I do sense it.
I plugged it into the charger both in the PC and the socket but it does not turn on and does not charge
No,*
yes, but no longer works
what other connection, what kind?
does it have to be a particular type of wire?
sorry, I didn't understand
sure
the light does not turn on
My #PRS_ORG# is the model #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C, it doesn’t have an on-off button, it’s a button to the side
My God, it has been so long.
Is there anywhere that maintains this device?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Are you still manufacturing?
Isn't there any place that does maintenance?
I understood it.
There's no maintenance just for that model or any of them?
And even so you suggest I buy another one?
to a product that doesn't have assistance in case I need it?
Got it, thank you for the information.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
I see that there will be many people unhappy as me.
To fill the complaint book
THIS IS BAD IF NOT #PRS_ORG#
I can not buy anything in the #PRS_ORG# store, I already changed my card twice, I already changed my account, I went to #PRS_ORG# and got no answer I want to know how to fill your book of complaints?
I’M WAITING
NOT AT THE END OF PURCHASE JUST GET A ERROR SAYING UPS!
ERROR AND PURCHASE CANNOT BE FINALIZED
NEITHER WAS IT BETTER IF IT WAS A SNAKE OR IF I DID NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT ON #PRS_ORG#
IT IS NOT POSSIBLE TO FINALIZE THE PURCHASE
NO
ALREADY #NAME#
I WILL DO IT AGAIN BUT I'VE DONE IT THREE TIMES MINIMUM
I already did.
I already have
I did it and I always make the same mistake
BUT I HAVE DONE THIS
I have already changed my card twice and have updated my account information several times.
What is the #NAME#?
I’m going to try buying the third book and the error is always the same
Brazilian Portuguese: it is better
but there is a deadline to return the equipment (what I will do) and fill out the complaint book
Brazilian Portuguese: on the site, but promeiro tried it on e-reder and got the same result.
you did not answer how to I can get a complaint book or how to get my deep displeasure to #PRS_ORG#
Where?
in the help?
thanks.
I bought a #PRS_ORG# and after I backed it up it won't leave the WiFi screen.
Not accepting the network password
#EMAIL#
I do not remember purchases of ebooks, I only use it as a tablet
Brazilian Portuguese: no, this was a purchase I made on a trip to Canada about 5 years ago
Is there anything you can do or did I loose the product?
I can't leave the screen up, that is I'm not using it anymore, not even as a tablet
I've already downloaded it on the pc
but asks you to call the #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: when I switch on it doesn’t get off the wifi screen
No.
I entered the app
nothing
only the WiFi screen
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I think my case is hopeless. rt
Brazilian Portuguese: nothing else appears besides the language option screens
Brazilian Portuguese: and wifi
that is to say
I can't go anywhere.
my computer recognizes the device
Brazilian Portuguese: no
Brazilian Portuguese: tudo bem
thank you for trying to help me
Happy new year...for you too!!
Thank you!
Good day
I am needing help.
I am #PRS_ORG# years old and I have never had sync problems.
I used it without problems still in November.
I am not achieving it today.
It does not recognize my email, and I do not remember my password.
I have pending and e-books and I can't synchronize.
If you could help me I would appreciate it.
I don't know for sure because I had problems with my first e-mail #EMAIL#.
The current one is #EMAIL#.
My daughter-in-law was the one who set it up originally so I believe the password is #NUMBER#
The #PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to log in by #PRS_ORG# because it does not recognize my email or password either.
Even my library has disappeared.
I had a lot of books there and they all vanished.
I may be entering it wrong.
I am #NUMBER# years old and I consider myself a computer geek because I'm good at it, but now I've got a problem.
Brazilian Portuguese: kk
Portuguese: it may be
but there I need your help and guidance
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: if I find you later everything is okay kkkkk
then use the second email #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: would have to be modified there.
my phone is #NAME#.
I think this is the registered number.
in this reconfiguration I don't lose what's already downloaded on #PRS_ORG#
new account?
and what is the password
how can I change the registration at the culture?
I tried to speak with them, the phone I have is #NAME#, they answered, but when I said #PRS_ORG# the connection dropped and they stopped answering me.
If you have a phone to help me , I appreciate it.
have any problems with the cultural registry being different from the #PRS_ORG#?
I just remembered that the last time I used #PRS_ORG# was for the books that I bought from the #PRS_ORG# store.
I have more than #NUMBER# books
ok
Not yet.
I appreciate your patience and attention.
Have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I'm waiting.
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# is fading
#EMAIL#
I think it's already 1 year.
Thank you.
His screen is erasing everything funky about it but I can't read anything on it
Yes he always stays charged I never let him run out or drop him
I let him in factory mode to see if he came back but the letters are so erased I can't even read them right
Already made it.
The screen is the same way
How so?
It responds normally, the only problem is that the letters and images are practically erased
Hello
Yes
Yes
Ok
Brazilian Portuguese: No
Yes
I did it the way you told me but nothing appeared
Yes
It's as if it's turned off
However, one can see the books that I still have
One can even see the love written out off
He is not answering, I think the screen got stuck
You’re not getting through
Okay
He didn't come back
Did not switch off and continues with the background showing books, showing it quite clearly
Is there anything else we can do besides what you are saying?
Why was he just sitting there with the screen with the letters and half-faded images now after I did what you said, they are not even paying attention
Brazilian Portuguese: It's not working at all right now.
It's like if I have the screen off it won't let me do anything else, it shows that it's turned off but shows the books and the off, but I can't do anything
Now you’re heating up a lot
Yes
Would you have some technical assistance in SP?
Let me continue with the following conversation.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I am resuming conversation with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Please note that if you switch between applications, lock your phone or switch to another window while talking to us, you may be disconnected from your session.
To ensure the best experience, please stay active in this chat/chat window.
(03:30:#NUMBER# PM) Customer Service: Due to the high volume of requests, our response time may be a little delayed.
We apologise for any inconvenience caused, and we will respond to your request as soon as possible, thank you for your patience.
(03:31:PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
Brazilian Portuguese: (03:31 PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thank you for contacting us, please indicate the email you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34 PM) #NAME#: I want to buy a book but I can't realize the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Thanks for the information.
I will be happy to help you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Allow me a moment to verify your account with #PRS_ORG#.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for your patience.
(03:36: #NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I ask if you filled in your billing information when trying to make your book purchase?
(03:38:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: In a second phase I revised (confirming) the payment instructions as suggested in the message saying that the payment hadn’t been made.
(03:39:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I see that there were some purchase attempts that were not passed through.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes, when there is an error in the transaction, the banks should not let you make further purchase attempts.
(03:40:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: You can contact your banks to see if they added a restriction on our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I will check that
Brazilian Portuguese: (03:43:#NUMBER# PM)
the last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
yes and they informed me that on their part there is no problem in making the transaction
OK
Yes now it worked
Good evening,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I need to press the on/off button for my device to power off completely?
#EMAIL#
I do not have any purchases made
I received my device today just
But sleep mode uses up a lot of battery.
When I called him the first time he had 59% and now he only has 39%
I have already tested the faster thing you told me but in none of the times did it turn off.
It has just gone into standby.
I bought this appliance because I always heard about the battery life.....
Is it possible that there is something wrong?
I didn't upload, I just connected the computer to import the books.
Before I touched anything I read the manuals.
I didn't find anything about this topic in the manual, nor on the Internet.
I believe so but as I said, nowhere did this information appear.
Sorry but I didn't understand
I can't.
I even carry on to supposedly say that it is turned off and nothing happens.
I will say again that it only goes into sleep mode.
How long?
But I have already told you that this doesn't happen
It is already the seventh time I have done this and it just gets suspended
How?
What about the battery?
What's the issue with the battery?
Will I be without my books?
What about the battery?
The battery problem I mentioned earlier...
How come?
But didn't you get that I wasn't saying that anywhere in the manuals, or anywhere else, for that matter?
If it was that important it should have been in the manual.
So basically I paid for a device that supposedly has a lot of battery life and because I didn't charge the initial 4h it lost that capacity???
It could take weeks???
The appliance is new.
And as I said, it arrived with a 59% battery (it was turned on at 13:00) and now it’s gone past midnight and it only has 37%, and I haven’t even used it, it’s always been on sleep mode.
I already reset the factory settings.
Continues without turning off.
I charged for more than #NUMBER# seconds and nothing happened, it just went into standby mode about 5 seconds after I started charging.
So, nothing else happened.
In one way or another, it doesn't turn off
Tomorrow I am going to contact the store where I bought it and ask for either a new unit or a refund.
Good night.
Good day
At the physical store of #PRS_ORG# I asked if I could offer ebooks and they said yes that I just had to buy on the website, receive a link and then send the link to the person.
But as far as I noticed this is not happening.
I just bought an ebook now and I guess it just associates with my account, right?
How do I offer this ebook to another person?
#NAME#,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 09 de Janeiro de #NUMBER#
Good day #NAME#
The book is a gift it's not for me.
How can I give it to whoever I want without it being in my library?
Is it possible?
Yes that's right.
I bought a physical on #PRS_ORG# and the person asked me to exchange it for an ebook.
I returned it at #PRS_ORG# and they said to buy from the site; they would issue a link to download the book and I just had to send the link to the person I wanted to give the ebook to
But that is not quite what happened.
Either I don't understand anything about the subject.
Or both hahaha
Then there is no way of offering it?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store money cards, right?
In this case I would prefer only the refund of the money since I am not going to use the book and the person does not have access.
The purchase was a mistake.
I did not even open the ebook as you can probably see from the history.
In this case, thanks for returning it to the same payment method.
Thank you very much #NAME#.
Thank you very much #NAME#.
That's all.
Thank you very much.
Will the contact be made by email?
Yes but if necessary for this process I can also be contacted for the #PHONENUMBER#
Not
Everything
Once again, thank you.
Good afternoon, I can't change the word pass in the account #PRS_ORG#, I would like to do that to allow access to a book I bought to offer.
greetings.
#NAME#
December 25.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 24
December
forgiveness
thanks
Right, but what about giving my father access to offer the book as a gift
Brazilian Portuguese: that is the goal
ok but I needed a way for him to log in
through log in
in my account with a pass and my associated email
not
Brazilian Portuguese: ok that's ok
and it’s not even possible, for example, for me to log in normally
ok but then I try
and it is not accepting, or do I have to go through the #PRS_ORG# website
thank you very much :L)
I have already managed to access with this option via #PRS_ORG#
I am unable to access the books that I bought
#EMAIL#
I bought it from #PRS_ORG#, but I can't access it.
The courage of being imperfect
I'm not able to link the #PRS_ORG# account with the #PRS_ORG# account.
by cellular #PRS_ORG#
that, it says, that it has synchronization problems
I log in to #PRS_ORG# and then try to associate it with #PRS_ORG#
I have now logged in with the #PRS_ORG# and am now trying to associate again
says that it doesn't find the account
i tried but I also couldn't find it
in the site of #PRS_ORG# I usually soon
Yes
and when I try the sync it says the system is not available
hello
but I'm logging in normally to #PRS_ORG# and in #PRS_ORG# I can't associate
I will try
still I'm modifying
We couldn't find an account with that email or password.
Check if you have entered it correctly.
that
the two are the same email
I can log in on #PRS_ORG# through #PRS_ORG#, but when I go through the bookstore, this message pops up
but when direct on the store's website it works
Thank you, I'm waiting for the response
just this only
thank you
Since January, I have not been able to pay #PRS_ORG# at #PRS_ORG# and I can not buy as much as before.
My credit card is the same
#EMAIL#
Various, High Earth, the joe nesbo knife, etc.
I lost the connection, or you are checking it?
I already tried.
my computer
Website of #PRS_ORG#
What private browser?
I didn't realize, I always made it the same way
I don't even know if it's possible to buy anonymously
But how?
I enter the site, clean my information and I buy?
how do I pay?
A laptop with #PRS_ORG#
I am not getting it, do I leave the site?
Wants me to join again at #PRS_ORG#.
Wouldn't it be better if we spoke directly?
But why?
Can't I do this with my password and email?
I can't understand him.
Leaving the chat first will not follow up the verification
I still have not understood how to enter anonymously. I never did.
For me to get to my account they ask for email and password
Could it be a mobile?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you follow the process on the telephone with me, or not?
No, I’ve never done that.
I want to do it on my computer, but to talk to you
Our conversation is not going well because I don’t know anything about computers
Should I try again and if it does not go well, I have to go back to chat?
Answer the question I ask sff
Good day, my #PRS_ORG# has entered recovery mode, and I do not understand it any more
enter the #PRS_ORG# page
#EMAIL#
great #NAME#
he enters the configuration screen, I am able to login with the wifi network, date and time, it tries to do an update, but always gives an error
about 4 years
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: is open
ask email and password
I managed to get in
There appear no books found.
several of them yes
last purchase was less than 1 month ago
it is the same email that I sent you
Brazilian Portuguese: nao
Yes
I bought it through my own device
I have an email from #PRS_ORG#, #EMAIL#
I'm going to check.
yes what I do
right one moment
#NAME#, I am unable to log in with this email, there doesn't seem to be any account found
I tried to log in by clicking on the icon you spoke about, and there was no option to log in with the new account; I entered again through the link you had sent, and it says that no account is found with that email
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
how do I do this
The options that exist are a new tab, a new window and a new anonymous window.
Brazilian Portuguese: certo and then
Do you not have anything to tell me?
Dear #NAME#, could you tell me why I cannot complete the purchase of ebooks on #PRS_ORG#?
I was in the chat with #NAME# but I was not told anything
#EMAIL#
High Land
I do not use the #PRS_ORG#
Can I use #PRS_ORG#?
But to do so they had to provide me with the payment information and the situation would not be regularised
How to verify that?
But I don't know how to verify this
And this problem only began about a month ago.
Will you need anything?
okay
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
msg when I want to finalize the purchase is "ops an error occurred"
#PRS_ORG#, no message
How do you capture the screen?
I have already seen the message that appears and sent before
It's a laptop with dockstation
Where do you see that?
Okay.
I will wait.
Thanks.
I don't remember my login and password for #PRS_ORG# (I can't activate).
Perhaps there's an old account (that I can't remember) that was disconnected from #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactivate and rescue my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please I am out of options, totally stuck
My current email is #EMAIL# (in #PRS_ORG#).
I don't remember at #PRS_ORG#, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two books in english essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
gone with the wind - margareth mitchel
I can't access #PRS_ORG#, nor log the #PRS_ORG# (I forgot what the initial login was, it's probably an old and duplicate one)
Before signing out of #PRS_ORG#, I synced it several times and it didn’t download the last purchase from #PRS_ORG# - I then signed out and couldn't identify the old login anymore (and it was duplicated, I think), nor the new one: by email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that's the old one - I no longer use that email, it was #EMAIL#, it's deactivated.
I need it to be current culture: #EMAIL#
I did it now, and it doesn't recognize it
We were unable to find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you have typed correctly."
it was for this option that I tried.
he doesn't recognize the account
Brazilian Portuguese: also didn't give
Portuguese: talvez fosse melhor desvincular a antiga, pra deixar "despoluído".
I really like #PRS_ORG# and I intend to use it forever
Therefore, put on 1.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
It worked?
Thank you very much!!!
Thank you very much!!
Have a great day too!!
I bought two ebooks and don't know how to view them??
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 14/01/#NUMBER# ebooks Astral Body and Mental Body
I have already downloaded on the website, #URL# but I don’t know how to access the ebook?
How do I do this?
Can I start now??
Will the chat be unavailable?
Ape
A screen appears, but it does not have the option NO.
It is not a configuration screen.
When I accessed the site #URL#, a screen pops up that reads: How can we help you?
No, but the one who directed me was the system and I followed what you sent.
I intend to buy several ebooks from the same site.
If we can solve the problem it would be good for everyone...
This is the screen that appears
You don't have the option to choose NO.
He downloaded it and chose NAO
Is it so?
I click on exe?
He asks if he can let the app make changes?
Run the #PRS_ORG# desktop??
A desktop icon was created
Has it opened a screen to log in and create an account, is that right??
The system says it did not find an account or a password...
Yes.
Gave as completed synchronization
Did you open a Help Start Page?
Not opening the screen.
The two books appear, however when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open??
Thank you #NAME#.
Good night.
Good afternoon.
I have a #PRS_ORG# for many years, it's asking for new settings and I'm not able to.
What do I do?
I need to speak to someone.
Please help me old desperate (67a) Thanks
#EMAIL#
I can't remember, I was making a purchase at O Conde de #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect to the wi-fi it recognises as correct and then shows a page indicating network error.
No!
Brazilian Portuguese: and yes to START e-read.
Detail: I didn't touch anything and I didn't do anything different from what I have been doing for years.
I am a layman in "computer" how do I do it?
How do I get started?
I clicked
What is #NAME#?
What to transfer now?
It was done and now?
3 items appeared: #PRS_ORG# (5), #PRS_ORG# (6) and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the downloads folder
I'm a computer left-zero.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" think(?)
It opens as #PRS_ORG#.
Can I execute?
It's running
Finished and created a shortcut on the desktop.
I opened the program
Ok I made step 5
I am unable to DO ANYTHING and the #PRS_ORG# is totally anarchic.
I am more lost than I was.
It seems I got it right, I'm trying to access #PRS_ORG#.
I am trying to log in with #PRS_ORG# and it does not recognize the email.
I can't. I'm out of patience.
I am old, I NEED TO CLEAR UP THE DOUBTS BY TALKING, I CANNOT STAND IT.
PLEASE HOW DO I RESOLVE MY PROBLEM .HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
You don't understand, you were born with the computer, I wasn't.
Their teaching is great for those who understand IT, but not in my case.
Thank you so much for your, brilliant, attention.
What you do is social exclusion.
Greetings
Do you want to help me?
say a phone so that you can call and possibly solve the problems of the "blessed" device.
I do not change my opinion: it's social exclusion.
One day you will feel what it is to go through a similar situation.
I just requested the book Box trilogia o século
And a msg appeared saying there was a problem with the card.
I repeated the purchase three times and the same message appeared.
However my card approved all the purchases.
What do I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man who loved dogs.
Where can I find it?
At #PRS_ORG#?
Why failed?
Regarding those failed requests, will they be canceled?
#NAME#, can I do this on my phone?
I am not exactly a hacker kkk
Good day!
Brazilian Portuguese: N
My #PRS_ORG# no longer turns on. I want to access my books through the app but I don’t remember the password and my email address changed.
How can I go about retrieving my books?
the old email was #EMAIL#
The current one is #EMAIL#
I think it was #NAME#'s Sappiens
this
many others
all my books are in that account
Look, I buy books by #PRS_ORG# and they go into #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# has crashed
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was from the company I worked
I don't have this email anymore and when I put forgot my password the password goes to this email
I need the password sent to my email #EMAIL#
Can you help me?
thank you very much
it would be great
the login email is #EMAIL#
And I put forgot the password
That?
this
there, thank you!
Will I wait here?
OK.
I can already see.
We did not find an account with this email address or password.
Make sure you typed it correctly.
I put the password and that message came up
ok
okay
Okay.
it worked
It didn’t work.
I am still unable to access it.
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: it was the quw
Brazilian Portuguese: hello
We could not find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you have typed it correctly.
I log in with #EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: and I put the password and it does not go
I'll try with the #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: now entered, where I can locate the books?
I am on the website
I didn't understand
on the website
I'll try here
thank you very much
qq something called it again
thank you for your attention.
Hello, I was setting the billing address but there is no field to define the taxpayer number.
This way, the bill won't be valid.
Where can I define the taxpayer number to buy books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
I'm talking to whom?
in english it is VAT number
Brazilian Portuguese: There is no place to set this.
and to have an invoice you must define the portuguese VAT number
ok, and how do I get in touch with you?
can I send the request to some email?
Yes, VAT in english is IVA in portuguese.
I realized.
yes, what is the email ?
I’m going to buy a book now and I’ll try to ask for a receipt.
If I cannot, I'll ask you
2 minutes.
Brazilian Portuguese: I finished my purchase
but now I need the invoice
It seems that in the meantime I am not talking with the same person...
#NAME#, I spoke to your colleague earlier because I need an invoice and there was nowhere on the site to define the NIF
I needed the receipt of the purchase I made
I just bought the book "Cronica de paixões e caprichos" by #NAME#
can send invoice with data:
NIF/ VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
City and Postal Code: #ADDRESS#
Country of birth: Portugal
Thank you very much!
no, it's just that
great work!
likewise!
#EMAIL#
I signed up today.
I mean to make the first purchase now
Hello
I am trying to make the online purchase but at the time of processing the screen is blocked and the purchase is not processed
is this a chat ?
I already tried buying with different credit cards, with different search engines, with the laptop, the smartphone and even on the smartphone application
Brazilian Portuguese: the screen is always locked
I already tried on the smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and this laptop from #PRS_ORG#
Portuguese (Brazil): the laptop is personal
and the smartphone is also personal
I have no idea what a VPN is
I already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, with different search engines, with a laptop and on a smartphone and even on the smartphone app.
Brazilian Portuguese: if they have no solution Ok
should be a #PRS_ORG# problem because I never had this problem before
I tried
I cleaned cookies and stuff
Brazilian Portuguese: and I tried to make the purchase again
was blocked again.
should be with a problem
in processing
credit card
already tried it with a #PRS_ORG# and with a #PRS_ORG#
I do not use #PRS_ORG#
given all I've tried the problem must be from #PRS_ORG#
Ok.
Ok
Ok
I'm trying.
still glued shut
got blocked again.
Brazilian Portuguese: When I make progress, some small bars do a circular motion
indefinitely.
How do I go into that "anonymous mode"?
I have never had difficulty buying online.
well... thanks for your attempts
good, I've tried everything but it didn't work
I think your website is having problems processing payment
Good night.
I will buy the audiobook from another site.
I can't sync the account #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
It always says that the password is incorrect, even though it is the same password I used to login on site #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I receive the error message when I try to log in
Can
I answered the e-mail
#NAME#
But this happens when I try to link the account
When I go to my account/authenticate account
Opens the login of account #PRS_ORG# and says that it is incorrect
Just a minute
I am on the computer, that's why it's taking so long
I am trying to capture the screen.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the option to insert the culture’s login does not appear
when I click to link the account it opens the account login #PRS_ORG#
and then that error shows up
but the login that is generating the error is the one from #PRS_ORG#
already experienced this same error before when I opened the app
Dear Sirs, my books have disappeared all from ereader, how should I proceed?
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
Another email which may have been used is:
#EMAIL#
Good day to be born to #NAME#
It is a title: Livro = Good morning to be born
That book disappeared along with many others around #NUMBER# books
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yes I bought it for test now but I had more than #NUMBER# books...
Is there some other way, #PRS_ORG# found all my books but couldn't unlock them, asked me to contact you
all bought
Possible emails are:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL# ( I can no longer access)
Thank you...
And now?
The last email I do not have access anymore.
I can LOGIN with #EMAIL#, but there are only three books, I have to log in with the email I don’t have access anymore: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but what about when he asks me for my password?
I have not used this email in many years...
It is possible to transfer to the account:
#EMAIL# ?
OK, I'll wait, then.
Thanks
OK...
OK thank you very much indeed, big hug...
At the moment no.
Everything is ok.
Thank you very much, have a good weekend.
Goodbye and good luck...
I bought two books a few days ago on the #PRS_ORG# website, but the book won't open and gives a error message: Opa!
This document could not be opened.
There is probably a problem with your file.
(I have already synchronized and restarted the e-reader and that didn't fix it)
#EMAIL#
Delta de Vênus (I bought it a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Delta de Vênus and The House of Blessed Buddha
I could not find item 5.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would that be the item to log out?
I couldn't find how to leave.
Okay
I'm settling it.
I can't remember the password.
I'll create a new one.
And then all that is left to do is to synchronize?
Okay.
He directed me to log in at #PRS_ORG#
Done.
I thought
You are now entering #PRS_ORG#
Does this mean that if I buy books in another website, I need to do the same to be able to read them?
Right.
Is it possible to enter automatically only if I buy from #PRS_ORG#?
Brazilian Portuguese: It’s all good.
I was able to open it.
Thank you very much and congratulations for the patience
Where can I make a compliment?
No.
Good night and happy life.
:) Valeu
Good morning
I’m having problems accessing a book that I just bought.
On the #PRS_ORG# program, either on the computer or the mobile phone, it is not in the library.
#EMAIL#
It is today the 11/02/#NUMBER#.
exactly
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG# application, I have:) #PRS_ORG# on the computer and android on the smartphone
right
correct
the book is already in the library
You are making the transfer
yes it seems that everything is fine with the book on the android device
okay
yes I have done that
My books are the library, right?
I clicked on the icon but nothing appears
I don't find any profile icon
Brazilian Portuguese: no...
the #PRS_ORG# logo and a search window
Brazilian Portuguese: no
can i send you an image?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Ok =)
already installed
and I see that the last book is being downloaded automatically
Thank you so much for your help =)
No, it is just that.
Thank you very much
Hello, my #PRS_ORG# is not working correctly, the touch screen is not working.
#EMAIL#
one of the books I have on #PRS_ORG# is called happier 10%
Brazilian Portuguese: does not react at all
it connects normally, it's charging but none of the tones work on the screen
not even by connecting the computer is it possible to activate any command on the screen
right
ok
only aura
I don't have access to WiFi.
okay.
I cannot remove the cover
Is the backside of #PRS_ORG#?
A specific lid?
I'm trying to remove the cover on the bottom
apparently you can't remove it
it's not clearer, the message is the same.
I am trying to open the back but it is very hard.
I don’t want to force it.
sure
How should I proceed to see the replacement possibility?
he was bought in #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It's fine.
right
thank you
I can't open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your application and it still does not work.
He says that he is synchronizing and doesn't leave there
Good afternoon.
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
I only have one e-book
I bought it on Friday.
Introduction to industrial organization
ZIP code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
What is the profile icon
I already did it.
The ebook is in my account.
It has always been there!
I can’t open it
I have already done it all and it didn’t work.
To whom can I address a complaint and ask for the return of the money.
A message now appears saying: synchronization completed
And now?
How do I open the book???
It's already opened.
Very bad service!
Brazilian Portuguese: No
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 07/09/#NUMBER#
endgame
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes from time to time, this is happening now, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens
Brazilian Portuguese: endgame
Portuguese: The screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes from time to time. It's happening right now. No matter how often I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with the #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect with the desktop application to make updates but since the screen is locked I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the PC.
today itself
spent the morning doing laundry
I will try.
I am already in the instructions to configure part
the problem is that no matter how much I touch the screen, I can't do anything.
looks like the screen sensor is not working
correct
Is there no possible arrangement?
unfortunately the #PRS_ORG# is no longer under warranty
Brazilian Portuguese: it's always when it's over that the problems appear
And a partner, like #PRS_ORG#, will not find him?
To stay the same or worse (if that is possible) it is better not to
my #PRS_ORG# is #PRS_ORG#, of the ones now on sale which one will be the closest?
What discount did you talk about?
would there be a time limit to use the discount?
if you do not mind, thank you
When choosing the device I want, how do I receive the discount code?
do I have to contact you again?
okay
thank you.
Same here!
I purchased a book yesterday (2/10/21) and after synchronizing my #PRS_ORG# several times, it did not load on my device.
The order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me some guidance?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- #PHONENUMBER#)
This above: #EMAIL#
But I have another one that might be listed: #EMAIL#
Was any data missing?
I did receive an e-mail confirming.
Thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: option #PRS_ORG#?
I logged out and now, when I log in, it appears that I must “Log in with #PRS_ORG#” – is this it?
The purchased book appeared but various previously purchased books disappeared.
How do I access them?
They were books purchased through the #PRS_ORG# website.
But then I need to alternate between the #PRS_ORG# login and the #PRS_ORG# store?
ok
I forgot the password for #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it - sorry.
I accessed the page and this is what appeared:
An account #PRS_ORG# already exists with this email address.
By linking accounts, you will have access to all your books in My Books.
Brazilian Portuguese: - then the option to connect by #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG# appears.
I haven't done anything so far
Brazilian Portuguese: There's the option "skip" the page.
ok
what about 'jump'?
I understood that it was to jump before logging out and ended up logging into the #PRS_ORG# account - but I think it worked because I appreciated the previous books and the book bought yesterday.
Doubt: if I purchase again in the store #PRS_ORG# will the same thing happen (I’ll have to alternate logins)?
Understood.
Last question: is there a possibility of me only finding an item in store #PRS_ORG# and not in #PRS_ORG#?
I'm asking because when I bought this book, it wasn't at the bookstore, just at the shop #PRS_ORG#.
But now I noticed that it is also listed on the bookstore website (perhaps I made a search mistake).
ok.
Thank you for your attention and kindness.
Good morning.
Hi I sent a link request to recover my password and so far I have received nothing in my email
#EMAIL#
I bought an e-book today
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello
Yes
I forgot my password
Yes
What should I do after I join #PRS_ORG#?
Right.
I already achieved this.
But I have two other doubts.
Can you help me?
Actually, three.
The first question is if I change my cell phone, can I install the App from #PRS_ORG# again, only with the #PRS_ORG# password?
Or will I need a password for #PRS_ORG#?
The second doubt is this email that I have linked to #PRS_ORG# and the #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was advised to create a private email for my private accounts.
Is it possible to link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Okay for the first question.
My third doubt is that by accident I removed the e-book that I bought and I can no longer recover it.
Is it possible to still recover this book?
* I removed an e-book.
Second question: that's why I'm trying to log in to the #PRS_ORG# website and as I don't remember the password, I can't change my e-mail.
Can you help me?
To sum up, I need to reset the #PRS_ORG# password to change my account email and try to recover a book that I accidentally deleted.
Brazilian Portuguese: *change
I have a cell phone.
Is it possible to do this operation without a PC?
Portuguese: * without one
But I know my password from #PRS_ORG#
I can only do that later on.
Now I'm just on my phone.
What time does this chat work?
Okay.
I'll contact you as soon as I get home.
Thank you.
I cannot make purchases through the card #PRS_ORG#, associated with my account, giving a server error
#EMAIL#
I still can't make a purchase
Did I get disconnected?
None, I only tried making purchases using the card, which I couldn’t do.
The books I tried to buy are in the cart.
The message, in short, is error in server, come back later.
This is the message that was informed to you before this contact.
The Error message from the server with the #PRS_ORG# card purchase, to try again later.
The information provided for you, stated that the problem had already been resolved, which did not happen.
In order to do that, she had to leave the chat, which is not advisable.
I will try.
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
An error has occurred and it's not possible to load this page at this time.
Please try again later.
Do you wish to continue seeing this message?
Go to #URL#
I have tried but it doesn't work here because I can't download the image, but it is this message I receive
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
It was the best I could do
Exactly, with #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
Even with #PRS_ORG#, which I no longer use.
I only receive the message when I try to make the purchase.
I already tried buying the books one by one and the result was the same.
Anonymous, how?
I still don't understand how to open an anonymous window
OK, what’s next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, and since I can't purchase anything at the moment, please let me know if the anomaly is temporary or if it's just me, or if there's any other procedure I need to do.
Thankful.
I’d like to thank you in advance for your availability, and hope I won’t regret being a #PRS_ORG# customer.
Thank you very much.
Continuation of good work
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG#, THEY WENT INTO MY CELL PHONE BUT NOT #PRS_ORG#, HOW TO DO
#EMAIL#
12th of February
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
There are 7 books   Hidden Star, Maybe Someday, Behind Your Eyes, Shades of Summer, Remember Me, A Place in Your Heart, The Disappearance of #NAME#
E-reader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Connecting... last synchronization on 29 01 21
You cannot exit from this screen.
They entered,,, Thank you.
Yes
Yes.
Thank you for the help.
Perfect
No.
Everything's okay.
Have a good day
Hello.
I have the #PRS_ORG# application on my tablet and I am signed in to #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account with #PRS_ORG#.
Each account has a specific password.
Now I’ve bought an ebook on #PRS_ORG# but I don’t know how to download it on the tablet’s app.
#EMAIL#.
On the tablet, I only have one book sample downloaded this month.
At #PRS_ORG#, I made my first purchase yesterday (19/2/#NUMBER#).
okay
#PRS_ORG#
I did it.
In the start screen, only the sample downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# store appears.
The ebook purchased on #PRS_ORG# does not appear.
As the #PRS_ORG# account is new, perhaps the problem is to link the two accounts - the bookstore account and the #PRS_ORG# account.
The same: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: Type: application/pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: Size: #NUMBER#
I made a copy in PDF format.
Yes, that is the title.
Ok, the book has been added.
Thank you.
Currently, it is just me.
Thanks again.
Okay.
Good day.
I bought a book and got 4 times off my card
okay.
Brazilian Portuguese: Good night
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: 18/02/#NUMBER#
ok
that
on the statement is listing 4 transactions
I have not even been able to enjoy the product since the purchase has just been made
I would like to cancel the purchase.
Brazilian Portuguese: please
The Magic of Time Management
From #NAME#
I can not, as it appears on my husband's cell phone
The bank's app is not named mobile
I'm accessing via computer
I would like my purchase to be cancelled under the insurance policy in the consumer protection code, if I may
If I change screens will it close the chat?
I’m from the legal area and I’m recording everything that’s being discussed
If I change the tab, will the conversation end?
If I don't close the conversation, I will try to send it now
Only a moment
Uploaded by a visitor: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
5 transactions were made.
Two were cancelled and three were realised.
This is the most I can send you
I don't have access to the bank account
I want a refund for only one charge, not all of them
I don't want the product, as I have a right as a customer
Okay.
Thank you
It is great.
Just me.
Thank you very much #NAME#!!
Same here!
Brazilian Portuguese: Good morning,
Today I purchased an ebook #NAME#.
After entering my account, on the option for purchase history, my product appears but my product does not show up in my library... how do I fix this?
#EMAIL#
19 Feb #NUMBER#
ok
if you check my library, you will see that the product does not show up
but it's in my purchase history
I am trying to read on my computer #PRS_ORG#
the other books from my library I read normally
this one specifically "does not appear in my library"
on the internet.
More if he appears in the list of purchased products... because he does not appear in my library...
#NUMBER# years
Brazilian Portuguese: more than what this has to do with...
Ah good...
ah yes...
just I would like to understand
as it appears in my purchase history with you
how can you provide me the product Id in #PRS_ORG# in order to get in touch with the partner
alright then...
thank you!
Yes, I always buy there.
not very thank you!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good day,
I recently purchased a #PRS_ORG# however am unable to connect it to my computer.
It just starts to load with no options to connect.
Compliments,
#NAME#
yes
I tried it on more than one computer already.
yes
the home page
Brazilian Portuguese: 4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I am doing what has been recommended
n. Nothing appeared to connect to the computer and everything is the same...
homepage, where you see the symbol loading
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: and it is still the same...
no problem appears
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: and when I try to configure it, it says to connect to the device when it's already connected
yes
and...
n, but thank you just the same.
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you and likewise
Good evening I'm having trouble processing my payment
Good evening, I am having problems processing the payment
#EMAIL#
No purchases have been made so far.
Hello?
But this process has been performed several times already.
It seems that the information is correct and the transaction appears as “Transacting,” but suddenly the loading ends and it returns to the shopping cart.
Ok
Right now I am trying to place the order again
The situation is ongoing
The system assumes transaction but returns to the shopping cart.
Perform this entire process again?
But I did it right now
Let it be. Thanks for the help but it seems like nothing resolves.
Initially I was doing the process in the E-Reader application, as it did not pass I went to the browser of #PRS_ORG# in incognito mode
Brazilian Portuguese: And it continues in the same way
I will do that and try again.
No.
It continues in the same way
I deleted my cookies and cache and during the checkout I entered the payment information again
it continues to return to the shopping cart without completing the transaction
I'm doing it at #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
In the mobile device I made attempts via the app of #PRS_ORG#
That's alright
It's not just that problem
I will wait for the answer to the situation
I appreciate your attention
Brazilian Portuguese: #PRS_ORG# stopped ringing
#EMAIL#
I don't know.
Brazilian Portuguese: the device will not turn on
turn the display light on
Brazilian Portuguese: the switch light flickers and nothing happens
Don't hook up to a computer.
Brazilian Portuguese: does not do manual restoration...
#PRS_ORG#
alright, but nothing happened...
already tried it with the device plugged in and nothing happened
also connected to the computer's USB... nothing happened
I think this is the email
#EMAIL#
will this be the email, since the other one is professional and I have it for a short time
#PRS_ORG#
For many years.
at least 5 years
Despite clicking the button for a long time, it never fully turns the screen off, and is always left with the logo #PRS_ORG#.
It never gets black or gives any other image
When I let go of the button the only thing it does is to flash the light of the button, the screen turns on the light and... nothing happens...
Currently connected to the usb port of the computer and I am pressing the h + button for over a minute and nothing happens.
Okay.
How do I synchronize/configure the #PRS_ORG# glo with my computer?
#EMAIL#
I don’t remember it, it was saved, but I bought it from eme el #NUMBER#
I had to reset the #PRS_ORG#, and now it won't configure by computer or wifi
Brazilian Portuguese: on wifi it starts and then the error
in the computer it only loads
I installed #PRS_ORG# desktop and it doesn't recognize #PRS_ORG#
this
I had the program working perfectly before
yes, I tried on 6 doors and in an old notebook
Brazilian Portuguese: he only carries
and I also changed the cable
when I put in the computer, it asks me to download #PRS_ORG# desktop
Brazilian Portuguese: only that it doesn't recognize it
I tried now on my desktop, I even made a new account and it asks to plug in the cable, I changed the port and this error continues
Brazilian Portuguese: how do I do this factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
he does not leave that screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: if I go back to the screen it asks me to choose the language
Portuguese (Brazilian): there is no way I can reset it like this
ok!
Brazilian Portuguese: so he is in this configuration screen and it continues with the network error and connecting to the mic just to charge
#NAME#
in #NUMBER#
worse than that he's not there, i even tried to put the clip into the reset hole
Brazilian Portuguese: and freezes on the screen
but thanks for the help, I'll keep looking for a solution
OK! just that
thanks
I bought the book #NAME# and did not receive it on the #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: request #PHONENUMBER#-01
Brazilian Portuguese: 09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# clove and cinnamon
#NAME# cinnamon and cloves
I can only see four chapters
Brazilian Portuguese: pre visualization
ios
Brazilian Portuguese: the book that appears [and PRE-VIEW
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
The book downloaded on #PRS_ORG# has only 4 chapters, two in the first part and two in the second part.
THEREFORE, IT IS INCOMPLETE.
Does logout mean "end session"?
Portuguese: goes out.
yes
leave and come back.
The Gabriela book remains incomplete.
Brazilian Portuguese: goes out
goes out
I'm saying it goes out,
I'll do it now.
can I?
I logged in again
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
I did it with option #PRS_ORG#.
I am.
I logged into livraria cultura and the book #NAME# is still not available
I'm checking
It seems like it worked.
thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: thank you and have happy times
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#.
Brazilian Portuguese: Order number: alr #PHONENUMBER# and I still can not read.
Only the sample is appearing, it does not release the entire book.
#EMAIL#
23/02/#NUMBER#
okay
Yes.
Brazilian Portuguese: always access when I shop easily
but this time this book only let me read the sample and does not release all the items
#PRS_ORG#
JUST THIS BOOK THAT I BOUGHT TODAY EARLY IS GIVING THIS PROBLEM: THE MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
REQUEST #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
THERE IS ANOTHER #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Lupa da Alma, The end of Alzheimer, Nietzech today
Brazilian Portuguese: yes, you can.
But what about future purchases I make, will this happen again?
thanks for the guidance
how do I do that?
Yes
I have already played it.
that the book I bought isn't there anymore
Could I return it to the library?
ok waiting
Perfect did the trick.
Thank you for your attention and excellent working day.
My # PRS_ORG # was restarted and books (except one) that I had bought went away as did the pdf files.
How can we solve this?
Good morning!
The email is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order #PHONENUMBER#
Okay, have a great day.
There's another email, to which the receipt for the above request was sent to: #EMAIL#
#PHONENUMBER#
One moment please
I'm a bit confused, but it is #PRS_ORG#, which I found under "About #PRS_ORG#"
I have found.
#EMAIL#
Let's go: 1. How do I log out of the #PRS_ORG# account and where: on the #PRS_ORG# or on the computer?
; 2. How do I log in with a new email?
I'm sorry, but I am not very adept with these modernities.
I'm connected to WiFi, but I'm not sure where I set it up, although I think it's easier through the computer
I am setting up via #PRS_ORG#
Then I get a page that says: Sign in with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it's visible but nothing happens when I click on it.
Now I have come back.
How the network fell, I don't know if you are online
Hi!
I purchased some ebooks from the #PRS_ORG# website and they did not appear in the #PRS_ORG# application.
I checked in "my books" in my account in #PRS_ORG# and there is only books that I've bought before.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: today, 27/2, or if not, 14/2
not
Okay.
THE SECRET OF MY TURBAN
#NAME#
OR   THE HOLLAND HOUSE
Brazilian Portuguese: it was another title.
One of them, because none of the ones I bought showed up.
the total is 6
All the books that I have purchased until today have been with this account, whether it is the #PRS_ORG# or another #PRS_ORG# (website)
yes
Brazilian Portuguese: yes, wait a minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, of course.
Clear
It's right
yes
this
of course, it is this same one.
correct
yes
1 minute
No, it's not this one.
#URL#
Brazilian Portuguese: A moment
It's just the other one that I bought afterwards, I'll send you the sales receipt
i received it yes, thank you very much
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this
Do you know why you didn't enter directly into #PRS_ORG#?
All are available!!!!
Thank you very much!
:)
empty it?
I didn't understand
Oh yeah, I got it.
Thank you very much and have a nice day!
I understand.
Thank you so much :)
Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive the email to reset my access password.
My email is #NAME#.
I made the request through the website and the email did not arrive, it is not in the spam or electronic garbage.
I tried to access via the Livraria Cultura website and it informs me that there are two accounts for the same email.
I had an old book in my account that I want to recover.
Thank you.
It's been a long time since I made purchases, a long time.
The book I was looking for was by Patrick O'oneal, if I'm not mistaken, "the surgeon's Mate"
Yes, I tried by the #PRS_ORG# access and directly by the #PRS_ORG#.
But it informs that there are two accounts with the same email.
I select the option #PRS_ORG#, which is in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
This message appears and it does not let me continue.
I have another email, could you check if it would be possible?
Brazilian Portuguese: the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access.
okay
Brazilian Portuguese: he declines the address, "Missing city information".
and there is no field to put in the city...
Is there any specific format?
Even selecting Brazil in first place.
A Christmas Carol
okay, it appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
If you can send the request to the higher level to verify if they can do something about it with my other account, I appreciate it.
Okay, thank you very much for the excellent service.
Hello, I received an email saying I will lose my credits if I don't pay my #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I already ordered and they already blocked my account because of a comorbidity and my doctor not allowing me to go to the gym.
How do I do it?
I await a reply
I understand, but why charge if my account is blocked
I got this email
Hello, I lost the chat here
Hello, as I have a comorbidity I sent a request for my account to be blocked.
And in the meantime I changed my card and they tried to charge and said they would let me lose my credit
I cannot return to the gym or sports by medical advice
I need my account to remain blocked
OK, but will it be done?
because I can't go to the gym
I need a blockade - I can't go to enclosed places
Brazilian Portuguese: by medical order
i #NAME#,
Thank you for contacting us about this and sorry for any frustration here.
You should have received an email on October 29th notifying you that your subscription was cancelled on November 5th.
Sorry if that went unnoticed!
Under the circumstances I was able to put your account right back into an effective pause immediately for this cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of R$189 has been refunded to your payment method on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method might have longer processing times.
However, you should see that money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thank you for your patience!
Since your cycle date is the 5th of each month, I have also managed to put your account on hold for your next cycle starting from December 5.
Your subscription will renew again on January 5th #NUMBER# at the 30-credit plan for R$189/month.
You can make changes to your account at any time, directly via your Account Settings.
I hope this helps and please let me know if you have any further questions.
Yours Sincerely,
#NAME#.
this email I received when I explained my situation
Brazilian Portuguese: Good evening
Hi #NAME#, good evening
I had a zumba class at 7:30 pm today at gym #PRS_ORG#, but the credits were not counted to the gym.
Brazilian Portuguese: the lesson is marked as cancelled.
Could you please debit the credits from my account for the gym?
When did that change?
Because on Tuesday the same thing happened and they regularized it with #PRS_ORG#.
But the reservation was canceled at the time of the class.
This probably happened because the manager didn't send the link before, but I am already part of the group #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened 2x and it was all resolved through the chat.
The school is located in a different country from mine, I am not able to make the financial transfer to the school.
could someone help me?
Hi there. How are you?
Brazilian Portuguese: could you help me?
Could you help me?
another question: if I don't like it and cancel it before the 14 days free, it will not be recharged on my credit card, right?
hello
I'm up to review
Could you transfer por a brazilian attendent?
could I attend in portuguese, pls?
RS
but I wnat to choose another rate/value....dor less credits
I know there is a smaller plan which costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Portuguese.
helloaaaaa
just appear an option
for 15 credits
Brazilian Portuguese: correct
#NAME# from Brazil.
I need help.
Is that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on my login it shows 14 days free
#NAME#, I’ve been around for some time and I’m not able to solve it…rs
I wanted to reactivate my plan.
but it is automatically set up for #NUMBER#
and I wanted to reactivate for #NUMBER# 15 credits
could you help me?
Another doubt:
Am I entitled to the benefits of 14 days for free?
in my login it appears
I can't change the cycle
do you understand?
Brazilian Portuguese: then automatically replaced with #NUMBER#
can
Brazilian Portuguese: one min
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
Brazilian Portuguese: URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: segue
thank you
Hello, how are you doing?
Can I only see the values if I reactivate my subscription?
Hi sorry.
Can we go back to the chat?
Hello #NAME#.
How are you?
I would like to check all the #PRS_ORG# plans by values.
but I can't on the site...
do I need to sign up to the trial for a few days before I can access this information?
Ok.
Thank you very much!
Brazilian Portuguese: puts
I couldn't solve my question yet.
can you help me?
would like to reactivate
my account at this moment.
but only count the automatic renewal of 30 credits...
I would like 15
can you see for me how much credit a gym's modality register charges?
Brazilian Portuguese: for me to have a notion of how much I should sign?
the studio I’m speaking of is the #PRS_ORG#
Can you see that?
thank you very much
it would be massage session at the gym #PRS_ORG# located in Campo Belo.
our
all this.
rs
and so I can change the automatic payment for the renewal of my registration.
I see I may get 14 days free and 10 credits...
How late can I cancel to not be charged?
How much in advance can I cancel before there is no penalty?
hello!
I would like to take a break in my plan.
could you help, pls?
hello how are you
I would like to take a break from my subscription
I have 25 credits to spend still
but i don't want to renew my cycle at the moment
is it possible to use these credits even with the pause in the subscription, right?
excellent!
Brazilian Portuguese: and I won't be charged during that period, right?
it could be!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits that I have left?
I understood.
I can take a break for R$25, right?
I don’t want to be charged R$#NUMBER# from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
then I would like to know the best option for me to be able to spend these credits and cancel the account after
I am in this page.
but the only option is one of R$35.00
the other person that was attending me sent me the following msg
Now that state restrictions have been lifted and billing has resumed, we are no longer offering the 1 month free pause plan as a plan change option in your subscription settings.
However, you may continue to stop your subscription under our monthly credits plan of 0 "credits accesses + digital" / "digital + credits accesses" on the monthly subscription plan for 0 R$25 #NUMBER# months.
Can you change it for me so that I'm charged only 25.00, please?
I understood!
And then he starts charging me the 25.00 until I cancel the subscription, right?
okay!
If I make this change today, it will not be charged #NUMBER#, but 25.00, right?
it's excellent
thank you!
no, it was just that!
For you too!
I would like to know the plans.
Hello,
I noticed that I was charged on my credit card.
I have never used it and I would like to cancel it and be refunded for the months in which I was wrongly charged.
Brazilian Portuguese: hi
I want you to cancel immediately the charges to my credit card
I want a refund for the months I was overcharged
I'll sue them.
Brazilian Portuguese: No.
I downloaded the app, did not use it and canceled it
you charged improperly
without my authorization.
I don't want credits
I want them to stop charging
Brazilian Portuguese: and I want them to return the money
I was wrongly charged
not even the app I had more
I unlocked my account before I started using it
I never took any classes.
I am dissatisfied, I want to cancel and I want back the money that I was unfairly charged.
Yes.
thank you
who am I talking to?
#NAME#
In addition to prints of this conversation, I would like to register the agreement by email.
A week, right?
On the 1st February of #NUMBER# you will make the refund, right?
The copy, I already have.
I want an email from you saying what was agreed here.
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: saying they canceled and will refund
Do you have my account?
ok, thanks a lot!
It's okay!
it does not help with anything else, I will save the email and the receipts.
Thank you
Good day to you too!
Brazilian Portuguese: hey, night float.
Brazilian Portuguese: how to do to cancel?
Hello #NAME#.
Good afternoon.
Do you speak portuguese?
Any phone number for contact?
I want to hire and I have some doubts
Do you offer individual plan?
Create an individual account (personal)
Any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - rio de janeiro - Brazil?
I didn't find it on the website
It is not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
How sorry
niteroi
I'm in Brazil.
It seems that there is none, but I thank you very much for your attention
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving erroneous charges to the credit card
the charge is coming on the card of #PRS_ORG#
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Brazilian Portuguese: the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
Brazilian Portuguese: there is only this email
The charge was made on card #NUMBER#, as sent in the photos
That card was canceled, but this charge continues to show up
We sent it to what e-mail?
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving unjustified charges in the credit card
the charge is coming in the card of #PRS_ORG#
Brazilian Portuguese: #PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The former attendant informed us that this email is related to the phone number, right?
But no account has been taken of you.
Ok, please do the cancellation and refund process
arrange the reimbursement process*
Wait then?
Ok, will the money go directly to the bank account?
As the card is cancelled.
But if the card has been cancelled, how will the refund be made?
Should I check this with the credit card company?
Ok, thanks.
For the time being, just that, thank you very much
Good morning
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the trial period
I am fine
#PRS_ORG# will charge me after the trial period
Ok
Option 3
I tried to cancel through the app but it's got an error
Will those #NUMBER# on my bill be refunded?
How do I change plans only, in this case to #NUMBER# reais?
I'd like to refund 99 real, using only 99 reais
It is giving an error.
Do you have a phone that can talk with you?
Not yet
I just want to change plans, and get a refund of #NUMBER# reals
Okay
If I choose the $9.99/month plan, can I buy individual credits?
If you miss a class
Okay.
Sign me up for the lowest plan ($9.99/month) and partially refund me the charge on the card statement
I have been attending a gym where my name has not gone into the system.
I made a request for this
Do you know if this matter was resolved?
My yoga - #NAME#
OK.
I'm going to contact the studio.
Thank you
Good morning
We need the budget to provide benefits to our customers.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# can you schedule a meeting to discuss the matter
#NAME#
Brazilian Portuguese: has a telephonic cantata
how can we arrange a meeting
Brazilian Portuguese: good day #NAME#
I need a budget or to schedule a meeting for benefits to our customers
