Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you by e-mail about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my whole team has been sold and packages have been purchased without my having done so myself.
So I think my account has been hacked...
I have already changed all my PRS-ORG password as well as PRS-ORG password.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified e-mail address no longer exists.
to change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
van NAME-F
that's fine
e-mail address: EMAIL
No?
what do I have to do now?
create a new account?
Closing the old one?
I can't find where I can do that on URL.
I paid for a book but did not receive it.
Can someone contact?
EMAIL
January 2 2021
Book Title is NAME-M
Is there anyone?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 Pass No.013
This is on the payment
It is between.
Thank you for the help and have a nice day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, 52 euro, but I can’t download them as sound files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please reply quickly because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes take with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it's not downloading anything.
If your purchase information was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you could get the people responsible for the website to correct the information?
That could help me in the future, if I should order something.
I just logged out and logged back in based on advice, but it's still not working on paying
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I'm buying it from the e-reader.
When I want to pay I am directed to the payment method, which was never the case. Very small illegible letters and then it asks, are you sure you want to cancel the sale.
It was usually very simple to confirm the purchase and done.
so if I understand
First delete everything via website
re-enter and how does PRS-ORG sync
then how do I sync it with the e-reader
I'll try it again for now thank you and if it doesn't work I'll get back to you
I will contact you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't log into my account, and I can't reset the password either.
EMAIL (but I can't get in anymore)
PRS-ORG of NAME-F.
Or PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
Yes, I get that.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link to do so doesn't come in my mailbox.
Please add the interaction history to that.
Yes, that's right.
And then I can't access that account, nor can I reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Really?
Aha! I'm going to try right away.
Yes, I understand, temporarily the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a new password.
Now it seems to be working....
Yes, all right!
That login screen of PRS-ORG is quite small.
Thank you for the help.
Books accessible!
Finish and close.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but have no "download" option in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that affect it?
The following purchase is concerned: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Completed, Write a review and Delete.
Why has this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
In that case, the trial period has failed.
i can't open book in my PRS-ORG app
5 September 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I am constantly thrown out.
I can open the other books.
It is only this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
do
Yes!
!It works again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read now.
Thanks.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
By now
Very nice
I got banned from PRS-ORG today.
What about PRS-ORG points I bought from the Microsoft store of PRS-ORG?
Because when I contact them they say I have to contact you
I want a refund
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's just talk about the PRS-ORG point purchases
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
I'm called PRS-ORG.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
I contacted the helpdesk in English, but it didn't go well.
Now I can no longer log in, not even after resetting my password.
I've been dealing with it for years now and now I really want to get on with / have it solved.
How nice that you can type in Dutch.
Yes, I would like to do that, and then check if I can get my game back as well.
ALPHANUMERICID
Already a few times, but then it still doesn't work.
I created a 2nd account, it works.
I was wondering if my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Want to reset again?
Yes, after a reset password I succeeded now, thanks a lot!
I'm now checking if my game can be accessed..
But my game is not in it.
Can you help me with that?
Oh I can see my orders in history.
Great, let's keep looking.
Thanks!!!
no, in browser
I can do it now, thank you very much again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I signed up for a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start this app, it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on 'try again' I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games work.
Re-starting the playstation does not solve the problem either.
Re-downloading the app doesn't work either
I want to buy PRS-ORG at the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, but I don't get that discount automatically right now.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
After all, I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, which should be the case.
How do I contact them?
And on September 22, I can just download PRS-ORG in the PlayStation store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave him a bad bad review.
You on the other hand, I give a good one.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is, can you fix my transfer market, because I can't access my transfer market on the web app.
Is going well thank you?
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah on PRS-ORG I had that.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I've played many matches already and that is also the reason I wanted to ask
Because after playing so many matches it still hasn't worked
Yesterday I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I have already tried everything.
After that I ordered another book and that went well
EMAIL
May 17 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I cannot find the book.
I've tried all sorts of things.
After that, I purchased another book and it went well.
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONENUMBER
Thanks for the quick help
It's there
No that was everything.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find those anywhere on the eReader.
EMAIL
Yesterday I bought my first e-book from URL: socrates on sneakers.
I've been trying to get it on the new e-reader all day ...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my e-book on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
What library?
device?
Is that my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer make contact with a laptop.
I have tried several cables and laptops, but always the same... It says that the USB device is not recognized and caused a fault.
I also can no longer perform updates/syncing on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I still do anything about it?
Thanks in advance for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer books via a cable from laptop to reader so I don't use an account for that
Then I do have the right version?
Can there be another reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
E-reader has been reset in the meantime, but it still does not make contact with the laptop.
The reader indicates that it is connected and charging, but it remains on the laptop that access has been denied.
Usb device is not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by the computer.
tried various things (different/new cable, different computer, default settings); nothing helps.
read on the internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
title of a book is 'if you're so smart why are you not happy?'
thank you NAME-M, also a nice day for you.
I'll let you know once you've found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it is not the fault of this
other computers do not recognize my e-reader either
I already emptied the drivers and followed various advices that I found on the internet
I use the included cable, and have even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG eReader.
it's not that either
My proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my trust in PRS-ORG has been somewhat diminished as a result I notice
tried factory settings as well.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting USB ports could still work
but I think contact with PRS-ORG is a better idea, because I do not have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves
Thanks.
Quickly looked at it, but there's nothing there.
The USB ports are working perfectly
I will contact PRS-ORG
Thanks for your input
Thank you very much NAME-M
No, I will continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
the same
ebook
365 days dutch was the most recent ebook
good evening.
I'll wait.
I anticipate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 e-books.
I had deleted some purchases shortly after purchase.
I have saved these 102 e-books and they are visible under the heading "ebooks".
What is the maximum number of e-books that remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 e-books via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok, but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my e-books that I read through my plus subscription.
So I assume that some obstructive e-books will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would receive a refund
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are now a few days further and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take your time.
I spoke to NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% wouldn't work
she indicated to just do the buydown and then i would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
Unfortunately, I have not received anything on my account yet.
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, fine.
But I'm surprised that you're going to refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would already be in my account on Monday :)
If you can give me a rough indication when it will be deposited, I am more than satisfied.
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
In fact, I am at the top and have purchased all the new e-books from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 business days that's clear.
So by next Thursday at the latest
Thanks, you helped me fine and have a nice evening
Top, I'm going to fill it in.
unknown_issue
I see PRS-ORG recommendations.
Very often I tap a book and then it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
Okay
But I can download other books for free, like PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
Those 15 books are per month.
Should be deleting read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Repair it?
I don't see repair
done
I still have to pay for recommendations.
I know that not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you would assume that you can download it without costs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it to load.
It indicates the following: Cannot load the saved game.
The game was probably saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I deleted nothing
and this is for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I'll lose my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I can't load it.
It gives the following: Can't load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
However, I have not deleted anything.
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I'm of course lost my progress.
I don't know if I fully understand it.
So I start a new game.
Then I save it.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a moment please
Typing takes long
To play certain games, I need to sign in with an PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it's already being used.
That's right, an one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
So I can't proceed.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email address so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I'll see if I can manage.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
Here I had the choice between UEL tapsoba / IF martinelli / honourable mention David / numbersup NAME-M.
I wanted to take this NAME-M of course.
But when I first checked his player information my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness so I already have difficulty in seeing which pick I signify.
Especially because I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I am now greatly bored with this.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but I don't think it includes the player's name.
I had taken a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if that can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
Just find it very noteworthy that I'm on NAME-M, looking at his player bio.
I went back and then pressed X to choose this player, and suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, doesn't matter, although I have to admit that the mistake was on my side when I selected it and selected 'yes' again.
But by then the 'bug' or peculiarity had already happened, in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate this.
Yes, you may do so.
And what could be the consequences of this?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink from NAME-M
I just had chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this... I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I did see there that my subscription expired since March 14, 2018…!
Then tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription has been terminated because the financial data was incorrect ...... but I don't understand that either because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the last debit was made.
Not that I know of.... In August 2017, I purchased the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 per month.
After half a year, it turned out that I had a subscription at both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG… I don't know how that's possible… but 1 subscription has been cancelled.
Then I faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
The last debit was on December 14th ......
December 14, 2020
So reactivate it at PRS-ORG?
I'm going to try that..... thanks in advance for your help...... if it doesn't work I'll get back to you!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I tried to buy the book PRS_ORG.
It has been written off, but it is not in my account.
Can you ensure that it comes in my account?
thanks in advance
ok
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
It must be him
It's in my account
thank you!
I do not have my e-reader at hand
but it will be all right
thank you for the help
No, it's good like this
thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, wasn't I?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL the email address of my ereader is EMAIL.
The latter email address will soon expire.
How do I change the email address on the ereader device?
I don't know that.
I can only see in my PRS-ORG account that it mentions URL.
Just like that.
And on the e-reader under settings (so the device) EMAIL .
The latter email address expires soon and should therefore be changed to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
Is it important that PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the e-reader device?
I don't get it.
Do I have to log out of the old email address in the subsection "PRS-ORG" in the settings/accounts of the device?
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEXT DOOR?
Do I also have to log out of the Pocket section?
And with adobe, now withdrawal of authorization using the old email address.
Will it change automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I really am a digital dunce
And do I risk losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books, but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved in my account
This is from another purchase today.
I did receive this book.
Attached you will find proof of my payment
Thank you for your answer.
They are these two books.
See photo above.
You can also see in my account that I did not receive those two books
- Date of debit: June 7, 2023
Amount: € 24,98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postcode is 3840.
See further payment details on the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- Credit card holder's name: PRS-ORG
I bought the book 'De zevende zus' on May 6, 20:05, but I can't synchronise it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and I can't see it in my account with PRS-ORG Rekruten.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and its puppy before
I can't find the date right away
Yes
Search for a while..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I will do that.
I found the book!
:) Thanks so much for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I am NAME-M
Can you help me solve my problem?
Have you seen my screenshot?
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains on gray.
I can't adjust this, I've tried everything.
when I start PRS-ORG I cannot connect to the servers.
I've been dealing with this for a long time now..
That's right.
I sent you a screen shot of my status.
This remains grey and not online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packs (PS4) but I would like to play them on the pc.
Is that possible, or should I buy everything again?
I already have the game itself on the pc.
But I was hoping to be able to use my account in both places.
It would be a waste (frustrating) if I had to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that could be possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future
Thanks for your answer and have a nice evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account in a long time.
I wanted to sign in now but I'm not able to do this.
The verification code sent also goes to an incorrect email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forget password option but I am not getting an email from here.
*Neither in unwanted
I've tried that, but I'm not getting an email from here.
If I want to create a new one I get a notification that there is already an account at that email address
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible for you to delete everything so that I can create a new account on my email?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install the PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (Dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
Sure.
the code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Bought new in any case
Okay, I'll wait
This does not seem correct to me.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can see if the code works?
Because at home we can't install it on the PC at all.
So we haven't gotten to entering the code yet.
I bought a stand alone DVD player especially for this game this week!
I'm going to try that right now.
Do you want to wait a little longer?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That would be PRS-ORG on her old PC.
Hello NAME-M, this is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and can't get the game that we bought new for ourselves installed.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG could offer you something else, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that it will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled before renewal, so the reminder is not appropriate.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already canceled it before the renewal date.
But now I am receiving a payment reminder for the period for which I had already been cancelled
Yes by e-mail NAME-N, from URL
Apart from this subscription, I have nothing else running.
PRS-ORG Reading &amp; listening, 2021 to 2021
1
€ 12,99
but I had already canceled it before this period
Ah ok, they referred me back to you.
But I will contact them again
Thanks for the effort.
I get it
No, that was it
thanks, still working
Yesterday, I bought an ebook on PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG, which was also debited, but I did not receive an e-book.
Ordered via phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my e-reader both are not in it, I have gone through all the steps as in disable etc. etc.
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The e-book that is on my e-reader, sorry
Thank you my day is going fine
If I leave the chat, is it gone?
I have online banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 card no.014
He is on it!
Super thanks.
Greetings and have a great day
Hello, I have an e-reader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official hoejse with which it goes automatically into sleep mode and it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I then opened it (it did not fall, did not move and nothing rose up.
He also didn't get wet) the screen looked strange.
In the top in sleep mode you can read, then there is a part of the book to see in strips and triangles, the cover, and somewhere it still says vaguely "94% read."
Vertical lines can also be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the tr remains on the screen, when I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is about to go on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how can this happen after only one year?
Hello
EMAIL
And I think it's an PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late reply.
Here's the photo of the screen.
The device has already had rest, have already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, ah that's strange.
I'm sending it to you as a pdf, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook hasn't appeared in my library again.
Would you like to add it?
Fine!
And thank you
Great!
Thank you!
Question: However, this happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do anything else?
By the way, the book arrived!
:)
Oh great!
Then I will use PRS-ORG etc. next time.
Thanks for the info.
And have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account can't be found anymore according to the login tab
Which is a real shame because I put quite a bit of money into it.
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account no longer exists.
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M you should know that right guys?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Yes so you guys have set Knock out city free but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it's free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hey?
No I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG has said that I need to get in touch with you.
Yes, ok, thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have been playing PRS-ORG for years in a row, only in 2022 I haven't gotten PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't log in to the web app. Can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think has happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
Can I access the web app from 23 then?
But I've played PRS-ORG for years, just not 22.
you have all the information, as far as I know
Hmm, then my friends will have a head start soon because they can use the web app earlier, I doubt if I will get it then
Hmm too bad there's nothing that can be done about it, then I'm not going to get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
In the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address that is called like this
I log in through Facebook, then it recognizes the e-mail address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I don't get that.
Yes, it is in the PRS-ORG app.
Danku
because why should the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app so to speak
is this because you have to log in 1x a month or?
Then I will try that
thanks in advance
Come on, you too, all the best
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oyez, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my pc and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back that was in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat..
Specifically, I was having the problem of not being able to get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to delete my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have this.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don't have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Book now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was in the Netherlands and there was an option to add it, but then it said I had to go to the store in Belgium (I am in Belgium too).
And there I only see the Reserve option..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to, for example.
Already preloading it on September 21.
But I can't add it.
This is because I live in Belgium and Belgium has changed certain laws in the gaming sector with regard to purchases.
Because e.g.
in Belgium you can't buyPRS-ORGs because of those new laws.
I just want to make sure I get that PRS-ORG version because I am paying.
just for that PRS-ORG..
Okay.
I'll see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG transfermarkt account has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any infractions.
This has been forwarded to your team 10x, but the lock remains
I'm going nuts, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result…
I'm really getting desperate
Thank you, I sincerely hope you can help me.
Is there another phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about this...
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I just did something weird, don't understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG listed.
Is no longer in my library.
How can this be?
Right, but I just logged into PRS-ORG and there I see it.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I believe, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don't see those
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well but I'm really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked to it and that person has sold my players in PRS-ORG and passed my budget through.
I can now start all over again and I am a dedicated amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
So there is currently a strange email address attached, as seen in the attachment.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had good security with 2-step verification, I have already changed my PSN password.
Only the PRS-ORG account I cannot access, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had previously contacted my problem.
However, I received a phone call, which my contact interrupted.
But now I'm back!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke with has, I think, ensured that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don't have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just says "loading," with a clock.
My question is, can you help me get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
I see that the loading is no longer there
ALPHANUMERICID
Sounds good.
Then I know enough.
Thanks for sorting it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you, and carry on with them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My case number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold.
I've been waiting for more than a week now, and I was wondering how long this is going to take?
Yes, but I've been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn't take that long
Can you check how long?
Because I keep being told to wait but there's no indication of time.
1 week was said that is now 1 week
And you can't see how long this will take?
Because your colleague first says 1 week?
I'm assuming now.
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But I'm not getting this.
PRS-ORG
said
I was never told very unprofessional so?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case.
So I have to wait again for a week?
Why isn't this communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you will have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
So I just have to wait
I will have to wait.
And do nothing and wait
OK bye thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to, and I have forgotten my password.
I am logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
Via the mail or?
The linked email address is EMAIL
I no longer have access to it, however.
Yes, that's right, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG froze
rebooting it
It turns out that the package I got from that sbc was quickly sold
And you understand that I would never sell it if it was not transferable.
Yeah, I would just like to have my prize out of that sbc.
I also added photos of what the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is, I believe, EMAIL
and otherwise my old one, that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start up my PRS-ORG on pc I keep getting the message Secure boot is not enabled
I tried everything I could find on the internet but nothing worked
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take?
because I preordered the game but haven't been able to play it yet
And I would like to play, but it's not working.
Okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just wait and see then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1 and it has not been deposited into my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in, nothing helped
I'm afraid I lost my money!
Please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay and then
But they say contact you
Okay thanks I'll do it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Dear Sir/Madam,
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation, but now that it has become cross-play, I bought eaplay pro so that I can play PRS-ORG on the PC.
Now I want to start in ultimate team with the web app, but I am automatically switched to my PRS-ORG Playstation account, which I do not want to use this year. I would like to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team.
now I have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG so that they are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log into the web app
thank you
No, I never played pc with PRS-ORG, I am, however, in the process of pre-loading PRS-ORG.
ok, so that's why I can't create an ultimate team on pc because I've never done it?
so if I do this when the game comes out I can use the webapp fully?
It's a damn shame that I miss out on a lot of coins now :(
It's clear for me, thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question about an update of an already outstanding request
It's about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
Then it was said that a specialized team was going to investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now the question was if there might have been an update since I still haven't received any response/compensation or the like for my 'loss'.
EMAIL 😊
Last week indeed, every day it said that the status was updated and remains under consideration.
Of course it's a bit annoying when you don't know exactly what still needs to be done or how far they are in doing that.
Hopefully so, the urge to play the game has been much less the past week
In any case, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Unfortunately not haha!
I no longer have access to division rivals
I can't access the server at all.
but I created a new PS5 account and it does work on this one
same for all my friends they can still play rivals
I've already done a restart and all the help online.
but unfortunately nothing
And it's been that way all day so I won't be able to get any rewards tomorrow either
correct
Great!
thank you in advance
I did get a market ban, and I'm currently considering it, but this shouldn't have anything to do with Rivals, right?
okay so it's not strange that another account can access rivals?
Can I also be with you for my transfer market ban?
EMAIL
Ok, super, then I'll do that!
Thank you very much in advance!
But should I be worried about my divisions?
Will it just come back in order?
Are we sure about that?
Great! Thank you so much!
have a nice evening, goodbye!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I was just in a chat but he dropped out
My controllers provide a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play.
I reset them but it doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play.
Where do I find the controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my Windows PC today. I use your PRS-ORG app on PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer; so I wondered if I can do anything about this; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And whether I might be able to use a memory card or something; allowing the game to play at normal speed.
I would like to know, thank you in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game; the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car right; there is a certain delay.
So you'll be faster in e.g.
hit the guard rail instead of the road
Do you also know how I can see this?
Ah, they are set to a relatively high setting now (you mean screen mode, etc.?
Oh great thank you!
No, I think you've answered my question for now.
And otherwise I know where to find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thanks
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader through synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it cannot be opened on the e-reader.
How can I fix that?
EMAIL
I think it's February 14th.
Oh no, I see it's February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work, contact me.
Okay, I'm going to get started with it now
Successful!
Thanks for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday, two books purchased.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
Got them on the laptop.
I couldn't get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Also not in dfe purchases.
Discussed it with a colleague of yours earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no result yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crosspoint works.
I'll also check the second book in a bit.
It does too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening!
account
That is certainly half a year to a year ago, I can't just look back.
In any case a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the handbook.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euro per a year or something a bit longer ago
month.
At the moment I don't need that, but it is completely unclear to me how I can cancel it.
I have already looked endlessly several times.
Yes.
That is very nice.
Maybe I will come back to PP some time, but I will not use it for a while.
Very nice!
And it was handled smoothly.
Thank you...
No, fine.
Thank you again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and subscribed to PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but cannot open them I get a message that this document cannot be opened what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5th
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books?
Ok I'm going to try, thank you, I hope I get it to work
Thanks have a nice afternoon.
Yes I'm a computer illiterate, it may take a while
Great, it worked, thank you!
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the little light symbol and I can't get rid of it.
I also can't find how to do that.
Please help me.
EMAIL
no
It's not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday, and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something.
That didn't help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Isn't there an easier solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
March 26, 1987 from Enschede
I've been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I spend a lot of time and money every month
Without any message or reason my PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked
A request was created yesterday, but now it says "resume" the request, so I'm curious if it goes well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I haven't done anything wrong that my trust is gone and I'm actually from my plan to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued to play when due to PRS-ORG issues my item and fp points didn't come through
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome.
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And you have to wait 10 days?
Okay and how long will that take?
I'm really done with it.. not after you but about the situation
Thank you for the help.
I am waiting for a bit but my trust is gone.
spend 500 to 750 every month and that's too risky if suddenly a block is put on it
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up soon
Thanks for the nice and good help
I wish you a nice day too.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
had created a new email on the PRS_ORG app allowing me to access it.
I would like to link them to my PRS-ORG account
so I must have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
Well it's really the case
I can't send evidence
sorry sir
looked at wrong
it's EMAIL
that's it
sorry for the mistake
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has since been resolved.
Only the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don't play the game myself, but my son does.
I have been chatting with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help restore this.
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has since bought them back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don't know if I fully explained it, because I don't play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the time before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I have received a reference number from your colleague.
that number is PHONENUMBER
Yes, my son plays that game.
no, that's not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email that I no longer use
That's why I can't change it.
Yes I want to change it
My old email address was EMAIL, but I want to change it to EMAIL.
My account doesn't need to be restored, just my e-mail address please.
Great, I received a code via my email, can I use this now to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Awesome, thanks a lot!!!
Good morning, On Monday I purchased a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG," I can see the book in my e-reader, but when I open it I get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file.
I have synchronized several times, but unfortunately this doesn't help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
Downloaded a free book this morning to see if I can open this, PRS-ORG
correct
download through the site,
recovery, purchase via the site
I am dealing with it now, but it takes a while I see, I have to look for a wifi password.
If it doesn't work that way I'll sign up again.
Sure, I'm trying to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No, I can continue again.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello I have the e-reader from my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (private) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I cannot get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you transfer the credit card information to a new account
So remove information from EMAIL and enter on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't really understand what you mean.
So can't cancel the subscription through her account?
Since I can't get in?
I could change that yesterday on the e-reader.
I can't find those data anywhere now
Or if I now link the credit card to my own account, will it expire on her account?
Can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the data to my own account?
With that you help me enormously
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer used.
All right.
Thank you so much.
Get it settled right away.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my PRS-ORG password, I received an email from PRS-ORG to reset my password.
I copied the link to the browser and then I cannot continue with setting up the new web, how does it work?
EMAIL
there's nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
Okay, I'll keep going online.
Exactly
then I get into the PRS-ORG help screen
I had hoped to create a new WW via the link in the email
then I come back to the PRS-ORG Help screen reset the WW account
Yes, I will do that now.
done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much for that.
Now I'm going to see if I can find a list of free e-books on PRS-ORG
thank you again for your help
PRS-ORG fails to open purchased e-book.
It is on the device but it says it cannot open this document.
rebooted and downloaded but it doesn't open it.
also via URL directly placed on the device does not help either
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an e-book via URL this morning
nice
I don't have the option sign out PRS-ORG
ok, I did
Bought and paid audiobook.
Nothing in the library.
Went something wrong.
It already happened last time
EMAIL
Today, even worse
I didn't get the last purchase, no
Last time, too.
Then I had to pay and enter the information.
Title: NAME-F
DescriptionPHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this has happened.
That must be my fault.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift card yesterday but that person hasn't received it yet but I already paid 20 euros.
I have also not received a confirmation myself.
Can you find out what's going wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift card says 23
Oh that's weird because the money has been debited indeed
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was all. Thank you. Have a good weekend.
I ordered 2 books last night - due to an error I paid 2x - 2 x 10 euro and nothing received, I don't think that's right, I would like some help with this
EMAIL
The last one was January 16, 2021, and last night the purchase of the 2 books, so February 7
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale for 2 for 10 euro
I bought these last 2 last night
it's coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
Have to cut and paste
Top books have arrived.
thanks for this great service
we enjoy this again
no, my day is good again thanks again and have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere anymore
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 card no.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is there now :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
