Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently contacted you via email about my PRS-ORG.
This is because my entire team has been sold and packages have been bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have already changed all my passwords for PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
The specified email address no longer exists.
To change my login details, I have to use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but this no longer exists.
that is the problem
PRS-ORG
of NAME-F
that is good
Email: EMAIL
No?
What should I do now?
create a new account?
closing the old one?
I can't find where to do that in URL.
I paid for a book, but I didn’t receive it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
2 January 2021
Book title is NAME-M
Is there anyone else?
PHONE NUMBER CREDIT CARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated in the payment
He is in the middle of it.
Thanks for the help and have a great day
I bought the PRS-ORG this morning (3 audio books by NAME-M, 52 euro but I can’t download them as audio files.
What now?
My email address is EMAIL
Please respond quickly, because I have already paid
How long does a few minutes last with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it’s not downloading anything.
If your purchase information was not so flawed, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
Thank you for your help.
Maybe you could get the people responsible for the website to remove the information?
That could help me in the future if I should order something.
Just logged out on advice and logged in again, but still can’t pay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
I buy from the ereader
when I want to pay I am redirected to the payment method which was never the case, very small unreadable letters and then he asks are you sure you want to cancel the sale
normally it was very simple to confirm the purchase and done
so if I understand correctly
first delete everything via the website
re-enter and how does PRS-ORG synchronize
then I’m with the e-reader
I will try it again for now thank you if it doesn’t work I will contact you mrgr
I will contact you regarding interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't get into my account, and I can't reset the password either.
EMAIL (but I can’t get into it anymore)
PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
Or from NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I do.
account not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link to do so does not come to my mailbox.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that is correct.
And then I can't log in with that account, nor can I reset my password.
It should be: EMAIL
Really?
aha!I'll try it right away.
Yes, I understand, for the time being the entrance via PRS-ORG does not recognize the account pw combination.
I have now requested a w word.
Now it seems to be working....
Yes, everything is fine!
The login screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thank you for the help.
Books accessible!
Over and close.
I am trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but I don’t have a download option in my books under my account.
Could this be true?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
This is a trial period of 1 month.
Could that have an impact?
The following purchase is concerned: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If all goes well, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
We only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review, and Delete.
Why was this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
In this case, the trial period has failed.
I can’t open the book in my PRS-ORG app anymore
5 September 2021
It is about PRS-ORG.
I can no longer open this book.
I am always thrown out.
The other books I can open.
It's just this book.
I have a PRS-ORG app on a PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes !
!It works again.
Thank you
No.
I'm going to read a book.
Thank you.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good morning
PRS-ORG
Good afternoon in the meantime
Meanwhile
Very nice
I saw today that I was banned from PRS-ORG
What about PRS-ORG points that I purchased from the Microsoft Store of PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them, they say I should contact you.
I want my money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is my name according to me
Let's first talk about the PRS-ORG points purchase
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
I am PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Contacted the helpdesk, in English, but it didn’t go well.
Now I can no longer log in, not even after resetting my password.
I have been working on this for years and would really like to move on / have it resolved.
How nice that you can type in Dutch.
Yes, I would like to, and then we will see if I can get more of my game back.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times already, but then it still doesn’t work.
I created a 2nd account, it works.
Is it possible that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Do you want to reset it again?
yes, after a reset password it worked now, thank you so much!
I am now checking if my game is also in it..
But my game is not in there.
Can you help me with that too?
Oh, I can see my orders in history.
Great, keep looking.
Thank you!!
no, in browser
I can do it now, thank you very much again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I subscribed to PRS-ORG for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the ps4.
When I start this app, it gives an error message and does not start.
When I click on “try again” I get the same message again.
I am connected to the internet and all other games work.
Restarting the PlayStation does not solve the problem.
Re-downloading the app also doesn't work
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, but I am not getting the discount automatically.
In addition, I want to play the 10-hour free trial of PRS-ORG from September 22.
I still need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to buy PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG, because you get a 10% discount, I don’t get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, even though I should
How do I contact them about this?
And on September 22nd I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and play it for 10 hours?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me.
Not your colleague.
I gave it a bad bad review.
I will give you one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is whether you can arrange my transfer market, because I can’t access my transfer market on the web app.
It is going well, thank you?
Thank you, my psn name is ALPHANUMERICID
Yeah, I had that on PRS-ORG.
But on the console I have nothing now and on the web app it is not open yet.
I have already played many matches and that is also the reason why I wanted to ask
Because after so many games, it still hasn’t been successful
I bought the book PRS-ORG from NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can’t find the book.
I have already tried everything.
After that I recommended another book and that went well
EMAIL
17 May 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG from NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can’t find the book.
I have already tried everything.
After that I recommended another book and that went well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number is: PHONE NUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It is written there
No, that was everything.
Thank you
I have an ereader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the ereader.
I can’t find them anywhere on the ereader.
EMAIL
Yesterday I bought my first ebook at URL: socrates op sneakers.
I have been trying to get it to work on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: which device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
Is that my computer?
I already bought the book yesterday and received an email from PRS-ORG that it is available
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer connect to a laptop.
I have already tried several cables and laptops, but it always says the same thing... it says that the USB device is not recognized and has caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Does this have anything to do with each other and can I do anything about it?
Thank you very much for the response!
Greetings NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books from the laptop to the reader via a cable, so I don’t use the account for that.
Then I do have the right version?
Is there any other reason why I can no longer connect it to the PC?
The eReader has been reset in the meantime, but it still doesn’t make contact with the laptop.
The reader says that it is connected, yes, and it is charging, but the laptop still says that access is denied.
USB device is not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by the computer.
I have already tried several things (different/new cable, different computer, factory settings); none of it works.
read stories on the internet from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
The title of the book is "If you are so smart, why aren't you happy?"
Thanks NAME-M, have a great day yourself.
I’ll hear it that way if you’ve found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers also do not recognize my ereader
I have already emptied the drivers and followed several advices I found on the internet
I use the cable that came with it, and I even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG ereader.
it’s not that either
my proposal is that I send it back, because I see no other possibility anymore
I just don’t know if I want to return a PRS-ORG, my trust in PRS-ORG has decreased a bit because of this.
I have already tried the factory settings.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting the USB ports could still work
but contact with PRS-ORG I find a better idea, because I don’t have the confidence that we will solve this ourselves
thank you.
I quickly looked, but that's not it.
the USB ports work perfectly
I will contact PRS-ORG
thank you for your input
thank you NAME-M
No, I will continue with PRS-ORG
Have a nice day
likewise
ebook
365 Days Dutch was the most recent ebook
good evening.
I'm waiting.
I’ll formulate my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 ebooks.
I had deleted a number of purchases shortly after making them.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of ebooks that will remain visible before I have to archive, if at all?
102 ebooks via PRS-ORG, I mean.
ok but I don’t have a PRS-ORG ereader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And in that app are my ebooks that I read via my plus subscription.
So I assume that some of the ebooks that were visible on my PRS-ORG will still be visible?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
I would still get the money back
November 1 22 ebooks of goblin slayer
we are now a few days further and I have not received anything
Subject: Chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need
I spoke with NAME-F h last week because my 30% discount code wasn’t working
she indicated to just do the buyout and then I would receive 30 euros back within a few hours
unfortunately I have not received anything on my account
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, that’s fine.
I am only surprised that you are going to refund my money and NAME-F who also promised that.
I was actually under the impression that it would be on my account on Monday already :)
If you can give me a rough indication of when it will be credited, I will be more than satisfied
I would like to see the money deposited into my account and not as credit
I am totally into it and have bought all the new ebooks from goblin slater
Ok, 3 to 5 working days is clear.
So at the latest next Thursday
Thank you, you helped me perfectly and have a nice evening
I’ll do that.
unknown_issue
I see recommendations at PRS-ORG.
Very often I tap on a book and it says I have to pay.
How can that be if I have a PRS-ORG subscription?
Ok
But I can download other books for free, for example PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
Those 15 books is that per month.
Must delete read books.
I read on an e-reader PRS-ORG edition 2
Restore?
I don’t see any repairing
done
Still paying for recommendations.
I know that not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG, you can assume that you can download it without any costs.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can’t get it to load.
It gives the following message: Can't load the saved game.
The game may have been saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
I did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I would lose my progress.
NAME-F
I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can’t get it to load.
It gives the following message: Can't load the saved game.
The game may have been saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
11:50
I did not delete anything
and this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I would lose my progress.
I don’t know if I understand it all.
So I start a new game.
Then I will turn off.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'll try it.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, just a little bit of patience
Typing takes a long time
In order to play certain games, I need to sign in with a PRS-ORG account.
When I create an account and use my own email address, he says that it is already in use.
That is correct, one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then the verification code is sent to @URL.
I can't go any further.
What should I do?
The account was automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thank you very much for the help.
I'll see if I can manage it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just did the PRS-ORG player picks.
I had the choice of UEL tapsoba/IF martinelli/honourable mention David/ numbersup NAME-M.
Of course I wanted to take this NAME-M.
But because I first checked his player details, my pick jumped back towards UEL tapsoba...
I now unfortunately also suffer from color blindness, so I already have a hard time seeing which pick I indicate.
Especially since I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I am now bored with this.
Yes, a confirmation was indeed requested, but I don’t think there is a player name in it?
I did take a picture to show that I had packed NAME-M.
But I don’t know if that can serve as evidence here?
Too bad.
It is just very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, and he looks at his player bio.
Go back and then press X to choose this player, but suddenly the choice changed to Tapsoba.
No, it doesn’t matter, even though I would like to admit that the mistake was mine when selecting and selecting ‘yes’ again.
But by then the 'bug' or quirk had already happened in my opinion.
But if there is nothing to prove.
Very unfortunate
Yes, you can do that.
And what could be the consequences of this?
Ok
I just had a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink from NAME-M
I just had a chat with PRS-ORG.
She also advised this...I tried something but then the chat session was broken.
I did see that my subscription expired on March 14, 2018....!
When I tried to log in via URL and there I get the message that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that somewhere my subscription was terminated because the financial data didn’t match... but I don’t understand that either because nothing has changed.
The last depreciation was in December 2020.
Not that I know of....in August 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for €9€9,99 a month.
After half a year it turned out that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG... don't ask me how that's possible... but 1 subscription was cancelled.
Then I faithfully paid every month with the credit card.
The last payment was made on December 14th.....
December 14, 2020
So reactivate it at PRS-ORG?
I will try that....thank you for your help....if it doesn’t work I will let you know!!!
Have a nice day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but something seems to have gone wrong here
sync
I have been trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
It has been written off, but it is not in my account
can you make sure it comes to my account?
thank you in advance
ok
PHONE NUMBER
PHONE NUMBER
that must be him
it is in my account
thank you!
I don’t have my e-reader on hand
but it will be alright
thanks for the help anyway
No, it’s fine like this
thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, wasn’t I?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL and the email address of my ereader is EMAIL.
The latter email address will soon expire.
How do I change the email address on the ereader device?
I don't know.
I can only see in my PRS-ORG account that a URL is mentioned.
That's right.
And on the ereader under settings (so the device) EMAIL .
The latter email address will soon expire and should therefore also be changed to EMAIL.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2 of them.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
Is it important that PRS-ORG is also mentioned on the e-reader device?
I don't understand.
I have to deregister the old email address on the device under settings/accounts subheading PRS-ORG.
And then what?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I also have to unsubscribe from the pocket section?
And in Adobe, the withdrawal of the authorisation is now also linked to the old email address.
Is that automatically changed?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I am really a digital dunce
And do I risk losing my books then?
I ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is still visible on my account.
I didn’t receive a confirmation email but the amount was reserved on my account
This is from a different purchase today.
I did receive this book.
Proof of my payment
Thank you for your answer.
These are the two books.
See the photo above
You can see in my account that I didn’t receive those two books
- Date on which the costs were charged: 7 June 2023
Amount: € 24.98
- Postal code (of the billing address on the bank statement) our postal code is 3840.
See further payment details in the photos below
- first 4 and last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- name of the creditor: PRS-ORG
I bought the book of the seventh sister on May 6 at 20:05, but I can’t synchronize it with my PRS-ORG ereader and I also don’t see it in my account of PRS-ORG recruits.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and the puppy before that in the house
I can't find the date immediately
Yes
Look it up..
I have a transaction reference number CREDITCARD d.d.
6/05 20:03
I'm going to do it.
I found the book!
:) Thank you so much for the quick help!
No is not necessary.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I am NAME-M
can you help me solve my problem..
Have you seen my screen shot
When I start the PRS-ORG app, my status remains grey.
I can’t change this, I’ve tried everything.
When I start PRS-ORG, I can’t connect to the servers.
I have been suffering from this for a long time..
That is correct.
I have sent you a screen shot of my status.
it remains on grey and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on my PC.
Is that possible, or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on my PC.
But I hoped to be able to use my account in both places.
It is a shame (annoying) if I have to start all over again now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
Oh how unfortunate.
Do you know if that will be possible in the future?
Sorry, thank you for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere…
Hopefully in the future
Thank you for your answer and have a great evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven’t been active on my account for a long time.
I wanted to sign up now but it’s not working.
The verification code that was sent also goes to a wrong email address
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the password forgotten option but I am not receiving any email.
*not even in the case of unwanted pregnancy
I have already tried that, but I am not receiving any mail from there.
When I try to create a new one, I get a message that there is already an account on that email address
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you delete everything so that I can create a new account on my mail?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, I can’t install the PRS-ORG from the DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I am NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
Sure.
The code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think in a toy store
Newly purchased in any case
That’s good, I’ll wait a moment
This does not seem correct to me.
The code was not sold as a temporary code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, after which we can check if the code works?
Because at home, installing it on the PC is not possible.
So we haven’t gotten to entering the code yet.
I bought a stand alone DVD player this week just for this game!
I'll try that.
Do you want to wait a little longer?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG herself on her previous PC
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and do not install the game that we have bought new ourselves.
I'm going to hang up now.
If PRS-ORG has anything else to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Have a nice evening
I received a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates that they will contact you.
This subscription has been cancelled before renewal, so the reminder is not applicable.
Reference: PHONE NUMBER
EMAIL
process management in practice, is one of the titles
I have already ended it, before the extension.
But now I am getting a payment reminder for the period that I had already ended.
yes by email NAME-N, from URL
besides this subscription, I have nothing else running
PRS-ORG Reading & Listening, 2021 to 2021
1x
€ 12.99
but I had already ended it for this period
Ah, okay, they referred me back to you again
but I will contact them again
thanks for your effort.
I understand
No, that was it
thanks, still working
Yesterday I bought an ebook from PRS-ORG.
I paid for this via PRS-ORG and it was also debited, but I did not receive the ebook.
Ordered by phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my ereader both of them are not there, I have gone through all the steps like turning off etc etc
EMAIL
20 and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book that is in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my ereader sorry
Thank you, my day is going great
If k leaves the chat, is it gone?
I have internet banking on my phone
PHONE NUMBER CREDIT CARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it!
Thank you so much.
Greetings and have a great day
Hello, I have had an ereader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year yet.
Today I was reading on the ereader, I also have an official high-end one with which it automatically goes into sleep mode and it closes.
I used the ereader, closed the cover and put it down.
When I then opened it (it didn’t fall, it wasn’t moved and nothing had risen.
He also didn’t get wet) the screen looked weird.
At the top, it says "sleep mode" and then there is a part of the book visible in stripes and triangles, the cover, and somewhere it says "94% read" in a vague way.
Vertical stripes can also be seen.
If I turn them off (15 sec) then the tr remains visible, if I turn it on again something changes on the screen as if it is going to turn on, but the explained image at the top remains continuously.
What can I do and how can this be after only a year??
Hello
EMAIL
And it is, in my opinion, a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the late response.
Here is the photo of the screen.
The device has had a rest, we have already reset it, etc. But it keeps showing this without any reason.
Good evening, ah that is strange.
I am sending it to you as a PDF now, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONE NUMBER CREDIT CARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDIT CARD
The last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Great!
And thank you
Great!
Thank you.
Question: This happens every time, however.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
The book has arrived!
:)
Oh super!
Then I will do it via PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
Have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will do it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account is no longer visible on the login tab
Which is a real shame because there is a lot of money invested in it
Can this be reset?
Yes
My account no longer exists
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch??
NAME-M you should know that, dude
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes so you guys put Knock out city for free but I paid for it.
Okay, so I bought Knock out city at PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it is free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it from the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said that I should contact you.
Yes, okay thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I have played PRS-ORG for years in a row, but in 2022 I did not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however I can’t access the web app now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened
And if I pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I then use the web app from 23?
But I have played PRS-ORG for years, just not 22.
you have all the information if everything is going well
Hmm, then my friends will have a head start because they can use the web app earlier, I doubt if I will be able to catch up then
hmm too bad there is nothing to be done, then I won’t get PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight,
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I have been logged out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can no longer log in
in the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are sent to a 95@
But I don’t have an email address that goes by that name
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the email address EMAIL
and then you have to type in that code
and I don’t get that
is correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thank you
because why would the PRS-ORG app kick me out of the app
is this because you have to log in once a month or?
then I will try
thank you in advance
That’s good, I wish you the best too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Oh no, I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link in my email, but apparently I started a new chat.
I had the problem that I couldn’t get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library with PRS-ORG.
In the end I had to remove my caches at %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have that.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I don’t have the game in my game library.
I can't add him.
It says: Book now 62.99 EUR.
When I launched PRS-ORG, the store was in the Netherlands and then there was the option to add it, but then he said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I am also from Belgium).
And I only see the Reserve option there..
Okay, but friends of mine already have it in their library to, for example.
You can pre-load it as early as September 21.
But I can't add him.
This is because I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws in the gaming sector when it comes to purchases.
Because e.g.
In Belgium, you cannot buy PRS-ORGs because of these new laws.
I just want to be sure that I get the PRS-ORG version because I am paying for it.
PRS-ORG has created this for you..
Okay.
I'll see then.
Thank you for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account transfermarkt has been locked for a month.
I have already communicated thousands of times that I have not committed any violations.
This has been passed on to your team 10 times, but the lock remains
I'm going crazy, I can't do anything anymore.
Can I contact someone by phone please?
EMAIL
This has been contested dozens of times
Without result…
I really feel discouraged
Thank you, I really hope you can help me.
Is there any other phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something about it…
Thank you!
No, hopefully with this problem…
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just had something weird happen, I don’t understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG on.
He is no longer in my library
how can this be?
That’s right, but I’m just logging in to PRS-ORG and I can see it there.
But not on the PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG, I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no, I don’t see that.
EMAIL
No, that's fine.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Hello.
It's going well but I'm really disappointed.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked to it and that person has sold my players and transferred my budget in PRS-ORG.
I can start all over again now and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently, there is a strange email address, as can be seen in the attachment.
I am getting ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had it secured with 2 step verification,  my PSN password has already been changed.
I can’t log in to the PRS-ORG account, not even in the PRS-ORG app
Okay
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem earlier.
However, I got a phone call, which caused my contact to break off the conversation.
But now I am present again!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I couldn't see my games in my library.
The person I spoke to has, I think, ensured that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still don’t have any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just keeps saying "loading" with a clock
My question is, can you help me to get PRS-ORG + the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
Meanwhile, I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All good.
I know enough then.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No, that was it!
Thank you and work on them further!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My case number:
PHONE NUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I have been waiting for more than a week now and I wonder how long this will take?
Yes, but I have been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn’t take that long
Can you check how long?
Because I am always told to wait, but there is no time indication
1 week was said to be now 1 week
And you can’t see how long it will last?
Because why does your colleague first say 1 week?
I'm going to assume that now
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But this is not being said to me
PRS-ORG
Said
Was that never told to me, very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that if you resume the case you have to wait again?
Perhaps a point of feedback?
I just have to wait
Wait
And doing nothing and just waiting
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to and I have forgotten my password.
I have been logged out of my account, so I can’t do anything now
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
What do you mean by confirm?
by email or?
the linked email address is EMAIL
I don’t have access to it anymore
Yes that is correct, over the years I created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Good
I just did PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc at PRS-ORG
and then my PRS-ORG froze
restarting me
It turns out that the package I got from that sbc was quickly sold
and of course you understand that I would never sell it if it is not tradeable
Yeah I would just like to have my prize from that sbc
I also added photos of what the package looked like
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and my email address is supposed to be EMAIL
and otherwise my old one, which is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on my PC
When I start my PRS-ORG on my PC, I always get the message that Secure boot is not enabled
I have already tried everything that was on the internet but nothing helps
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take?
because I pre-ordered the game but I haven’t been able to play it yet
and I would like to play but it doesn’t work
okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just have to wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
I am PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I bought PRS-ORG coins on January 1st and they have not been deposited in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in logging in nothing helped
I am afraid I have lost my money!
Can you please help me
EMAIL
What do you mean?
Okay and then
But they say contact us
Okay thanks I will do it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
dear sir/madam
I always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but because it has now become crossplay I bought eaplay pro so I can play PRS-ORG on the PC
now I want to start on ultimate team with the web app only I come automatically on my playstation account of PRS-ORG which I do not want to use this year I want to use my PRS-ORG (PC) account for ultimate team
now I have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG that are no longer linked to each other and now I can no longer log in to the web app
thank you
No, I have never played on a PC with PRS-ORG, but I am busy preloading PRS-ORG.
okay so this is because I have never created an ultimate team on the pc?
If I do this when the game comes out, can I use the web app fully?
damn, I’m missing a lot of coins :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon
I had a question regarding an update of an already open request
It is about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
It was said that a specialized team would investigate this and that it would take about 24 hours.
This was last Tuesday.
Now it was just a question of whether there was a possible update since I still had not received a response/compensation or the like for my “loss”
EMAIL 😊
The past week, every day, it said that the status was updated and that it was still being processed.
Of course it is a bit annoying to say so, but the fact that you yourself do not know exactly what still needs to be done or how far they are in that
Hopefully it is, the desire to play the game has been much less over the past week
Anyway, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
Sorry, not haha!
I can no longer access division rivals
I can’t access the server at all
but I created a new ps5 account and it works on that one
the same for all my friends, they can also play rivals
I have already done a restart and all the help online
but unfortunately nothing
and it has been like this all day so I won’t be able to get any rewards tomorrow either
is correct
Great!
thank you very much
I did get a market ban, I am currently already considering it, but this shouldn’t have anything to do with rivals?
okay so it's not weird that another account can be on rivals?
can I also be there for my transfer market ban perteoval?
EMAIL
okay, great, I’ll do that!
thank you very much!
but I shouldn't worry about my divisions?
will that just come back in order?
are we sure of that?
super, thank you very much!
Have a nice evening!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I was just in a chat with him and he disconnected
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
I reset them but that doesn’t help
My controllers give a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it difficult to play
Where can I find controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I am not an experienced gamer; so I was wondering if there is anything I can do about it; or if my PC is too "small" for this game.
And if I can possibly use something from a memory card or something; which will allow the game to play at normal speed.
I would like to hear from you, thank you in advance.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game, the image is "delayed", so when I want to turn the car to the right, there is a certain delay.
So you will be faster in e.g.
the guardrail ends up in the right place instead of on the road
Do you know how I can see this?
Ah, they are quite high now (you mean screen mode etc?
Oh super thank you!
No, I think you have answered my question for now.
And if not, I will find you; you respond quickly, adequately and friendly.
Thank you
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader via synchronization.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone, but it won’t open on the ereader.
How can I solve this?
EMAIL
According to me, February 14
Oh no, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document could not be opened
There may be something wrong with the file.
Try to synchronize and if it doesn’t work, contact us
Okay, I'll get started on it now
Success!
Thank you for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
Monday I bought two books.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
Got them on the laptop.
I couldn’t get them onto the ereader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in the purchases.
You went through it with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And no results yet
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Crossroads is doing well.
I'll also check the second book.
It works.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for Fast Service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read a book.
Have a nice evening.
Account
That was certainly half a year to a year ago, I can’t just look it up.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things, the manual.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euros per year or something like that a while ago.
month.
I don’t need it at the moment, but I have no idea how to stop it.
I have been searching endlessly for several times already.
Yes.
I think that's very nice.
Maybe I will come back to pp after a while, but I am not using it for now.
Very nice!
And it was all arranged smoothly.
Thank you…
No, that's fine.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took out a PRS-ORG subscription via PRS-ORG
I have now downloaded books but I can't open them, I get a message that this document can't be opened, what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
5 January
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books
Okay I'll try it, thank you I hope I can get it out
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes I am a computer illiterate it may take a while
Top he did it, thank you
No, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the light symbol and I can't get rid of it.
I can't find out how to do that either.
I would like help.
EMAIL
No
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light stopped working.
I must have pressed something
That didn’t help.
There is also a line through the symbol
All this because there is a line through my light symbol?
Is there not a simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
26 March 1987 from Enschede
I have been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
In both I spend a lot of time and money every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without any message or reason
Yesterday a request was made, but now it says "resume" next to that request, so I am curious if that will work out.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because I now miss all the rewards.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so disappointed because I have not done anything wrong and my trust is gone and I am actually planning to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued playing while due to PRS-ORG malfunctions I didn’t get my item and fp points
PHONE NUMBER
Thank you
Is that the same as the request they created yesterday?
And that you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long will that take?
I am quite done with it.. not after you, but with the situation
Thank you for the help.
I am still waiting, but my trust is gone.
I spend 500 to 750 every month and I think that is too risky if suddenly a block is put on it
Okay, I will do that.
Hopefully they will pick it up soon
Thank you for the nice and good help
Have a nice day too.
Goodbye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
I created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so I could reply to it.
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so I need to have a new account on that email address
EMAIL
well it is really like this
I can't send any evidence
sorry sir
looked the wrong way
it is EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is good
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I have contacted you before because my account was hacked.
That has now been resolved.
Only the hacker has sold FUT players.
I don’t play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and he said he could help to restore it
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought it back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I don’t know if I’m explaining it all correctly because I don’t play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONE NUMBER
Yes, my son plays that.
No, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been resolved
I just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my email address, but the site sends a security code to my old email address that I no longer use
That is why I can't change it
Yes, I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change it to EMAIL
My account does not need to be restored, just my email address please
Top I received a code via my email, can I use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you so much!!!
Good morning, on Monday I bought a book via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I can see the book in my e-reader but when I open it I get the message "Oops!
This document could not be opened.
There may be something wrong with the file".
I have synchronized several times but unfortunately it doesn’t help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
This morning I downloaded a free book to see if I could open it, PRS-ORG
is correct
download via the site,
repair, purchase via the site
I am busy with that now, but it will take a while, I have to look for a Wi-Fi password.
If it doesn’t work, I’ll try again.
Sure, I'll try logging in again
Success!
Thank you for your help!
No, I can carry on again.
Have a nice day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the ereader of my deceased mother.
I linked my credit card to it
EMAIL
I can't access her account and want to link my credit card to a new (personal) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I don’t get into her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So, remove information from EMAIL and enter it on a new account
I changed the address details yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don’t quite understand what you mean.
So I can’t cancel the subscription via her account?
Since I can’t get in?
I could change that yesterday on the ereader.
I can’t find that data anywhere now
Or if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it expire on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
That helps me a lot
You are a hero!
All data can be deleted.
Her account is no longer in use.
All good.
Thank you.
Take care of it right away.
What a relief.
That was it.
Thank you
Hello, I forgot my ww from PRS-ORG, I received an email from PRS-ORG to set up my ww.
link copied to browser and then I can’t continue with nw ww setup, how does it work?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
okay I hear you I will stay online
exactly
then I will be in the help screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to create a new ww via the link in the mail
then I will reset my PRS-ORG ww account in the help screen
yes I will do that
done
I was able to change the ww, thank you very much.
now I am going to see if I can find a list of gratis ebooks on PRS-ORG
thank you again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased ebook.
It is on the device, but it says it can’t open this document.
I have restarted and downloaded it but it is not opening.
also via URL directly placed on the device does not help
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
nice
I did not select the option to unsubscribe from PRS-ORG
okay, I did it
Audiobook purchased and paid for.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
Was already last time
EMAIL
Today, even
I didn’t receive the last purchase no
Last time too.
Then I had to pay the toll
Bok of NAME-F
DescriptionPHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this.
That was my mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift voucher yesterday but that person has not received it yet but I have already paid 20 euros.
I myself have not received a confirmation yet.
Can you check what is going wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that is strange because the money has indeed been debited
The description number is PHONE NUMBER
EMAIL
No, that was it, thank you, have a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - due to an error I was charged twice - 2 x 10 euro and nothing received, that doesn’t seem right to me, I would like help with this
EMAIL
the last one was on 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books so 7 february
NAME-M and NAME-F on offer at 2 for 10 euros
I bought the last two last night
is coming
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
I have to cut and paste
toppie books are in
thank you for this nice service
we are happy again
no my day is good again thank you so much again and have a great day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday via the PRS-ORG app and now I can’t find it anywhere
EMAIL
17 January
PRS-ORG
I can’t find this book in my account
I can’t take a screenshot because of the security policy
PHONE NUMBER CREDIT CARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 pasnr.017
Okay, thanks.
The book is now on the list :)
No thanks, have a nice day!
