Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M. May I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
You closed the conversation before I even had a chance to answer
Ok
I just told you that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier.
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG retailer
So you're affiliated with them
that's why you are the best ones to handle this refund
But since you are an affiliate
you can handle that for me
yes
I'll look into this with them and come back if needed
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
My problem is that my account
was linked to my PRS-ORG account
while I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account in order to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes that's what i'm trying to do
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes, or retrieve my PRS-ORG buddy team
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello
I just launched a FUT Champions match and the game is frozen on the opponent's team.
I can even send you an image
You are the
no
I'm in FutChamps match and the game is stuck on the opposing team
EMAIL
just for your info, I am still in the match with the opponent's team, I don't want to leave the match because I am afraid of losing the game
But if I leave the game, will I lose?
alright, I won't lose the match; have a good day
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days now, when I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: The confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone in general.
Then I sync it with the eReader.
Except for the audiobooks, which I listen on the phone
The devil!
What is it?
Okay.
You are going to think I am really silly, but until the day before yesterday, everything worked.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to look for this VPN?
I will try to do what you advised me to.
If it doesn't work, I'll come back to you.
Have a good evening.
Best regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
I this morning with one of your colleagues to recover an account
I reset my email, everything is fine, everything works
However, I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
And apparently I have to provide it to a representative
Because I'm really scared of not having access to my account again, I panic a little
Yes, I was just wondering why they are asking me this, since I already had one to reset the email, and everything is now working.
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid we have to go through an email reset when I don't need it
Thank you then, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
hello everyone I had a problem with my account my game code was already used so it is good I found the right account but the problem is with the installation I can't install it from the cd I can only download it my problem is that I don't have a lot of internet and I have a poor connection so it is a hassle
how do I make it to install from the CD
because that's why I have 1 day of downloading
the game is PRS-ORG
On pc
it directs me to download it
Without asking me for the game code
because it was already installed on another computer, so when I logged into my account and inserted the CD, it wanted to download it
or it does so, so it wants to download it to install it
yes, it takes me 1 day of download due to bad connection
I want to install it from a CD, not the download
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to get in touch with one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I would like to receive your emails in French, and not in German.
Is that possible?
in addition, I received emails saying that my account had been verified, 3 months ago.
yes
I have French selected as the language on my dashboard.
but I receive all communication in German
yes
great, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I assist you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information?
I wanted to go back and remember the price to pay, but I couldn't find the information later.
Currently, no I'm on the support page.
(everything is written in Italian, which doesn't help haha)
Ok, alright then, I will place a new order!
That's all I need!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold on for a few moments while I connect you to an agent who will be able to help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
we've downloaded all the documents
Thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration and it is not working
Yes, I have to download them again.
I just did that
I replied to the email
Please, take care of it quickly.
It's a huge loss for us.
and for you too...
ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be put in touch with one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
hello
I requested a change of my RIB and I wanted to know when this request would be effective?
This is a business account for a company
yes, I'm still here
I am contacting you from the profile I created
I do not understand.
how should I proceed then?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I did not make.
You have just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
The automatic rejections for PRS-ORG ****  were deactivated.
You can reactivate them during your next purchase from a PRS-ORG retailer.
No
I don't remember.
My nephew maybe paid for a game on the phone?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I assist you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal is having serious connection problems.
The type of connection "Mobile data 3G" has been enabled, but even when we go to the office, the connection doesn't work.
Moreover, the battery level changes from one second to the next, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to have a new terminal.
Could you please take care of this?
Thank you for your cooperation, and best regards.
The serial number is:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the following address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be charged?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your efficient and good collaboration
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by email at the EMAIL or by phone at the PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and my best regards.
No, that's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
yes
I have an issue with the transfer limits
I have to send 158,100 € to my notary.
for the acquisition of a plot of a forest
I just found out about the limits.
For the time being, I have 59,975€ in the account and I want to transfer it to the notary as quickly as possible.
I'm referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
moreover, I have 100 000€ waiting in my account that I should have received
these days
and I should make a second transfer of 98,125€
I can call the notary to provide proof of all this.
I wanted to transfer yesterday 59,975 euros.
on June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, can I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because I can't code a game
I launched a draft in the first round at 0 minutes of gameplay and my opponent quit and I lost
My name is NAME-M
An angry user
Yes, in the meantime I even started a new draft to see if the problem was with me.
wait a minute?
But are you kidding me?
But you are useless, in fact you are just incapable, every time I have to deal with you.
it's always the same thing. do it, I won't help you.
so, i have to disconnect for 1h of the game and maybe I can have a draft token??
so, in addition to having my time wasted, I can't play the game for 1 hour?
You are geniuses, keep it up, you are on the right track.
yeah as always there's nothing you can do, thanks anyways
Hello NAME-F, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant, at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How can I change my email address?
”.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer still has not arrived
So what can I do for you today?
Okay
I am unfortunately not able to access your payment frequency.
However, you can view it from your account settings: URL.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
My name is NAME-F, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thank you
So is that for today or tomorrow?
Yes
Okay, I'll wait then
You take care, goodbye
I'd need a panel for my living rooms
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, NAME-F, I did not understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I'll connect you with a human.
display screen showing the PRS-ORG
I would like to speak with a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with any questions you have about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Please wait while I browse through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I wanted to know if it was possible to receive a small sign saying that I have a PRS-ORG.
so my customer can pay by credit card
no
It's not him.
when I was at the market, there was a small sign indicating that I accept card payments
but someone stole it from me at the last fair
I would like to know if you could send me another one
a display
please
if possible 3 that can be placed on my stand
Not the ones that stick.
Mme VOZEL Amandine 3 lot La Cour du Bois 17260 Saint André de Lidon
no, thank you, have a good day
Hello, the payment links don't work
So, what can I do for you today?
In order to avoid any confusion, please also ensure that you ask me only one question at a time.
Hello, NAME-F. I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
Distance payment
I'm sorry.
Could you tell me what type of transaction is involved?
{ChatWindowButton:Payment terminal order,With my payment terminal,Remote collection,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These problems can happen for several reasons.
In order to find out which of them applies to your situation, I will put you in touch with a human colleague.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you.
The remote payment link doesn't work; every time I create a link, it asks me for the terminal
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it didn't work, so I made a QR code of €300
I don't understand why the links don't work
Can you please tell me the reason, I don't have an answer
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake.
Thank you very much for your answer and efficiency
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi, I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm contacting you because PRS-ORG removed 950,000 credits from me on PRS-ORG ultimate team
I don't know why, but my credits were gained thanks to players that I got from packs, so I sent you the pictures
And by engaging in buy-selling.
I would like to get my credits back; that's a huge amount!
I dispute the penalty!
Psn: ALPHANUMERICID
email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I never did anything illegal!
And I earned the rest myself.
And PRS-ORG removed everything from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, there is nothing displayed
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never violated the rules of PRS-ORG
Yes, I want to, thank you, because it's a huge sum!
Thank you.
So should I do nothing?
Just wait for a response by email?
Thank you!
I hope to at least get back
half of my credits
I sent you proof via photos before starting this case with you
I don't know if you have access to it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M
Thank you, so there you have it, I encountered a problem for the second time in online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
in fact, I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (which is money) so I decide to start a match
and as soon as I'm on the part, I get disconnected
probably cheaters
But this is the 2nd time since I've been doing drafts.
And I'm starting to get fed up with being cheated like this
I would like a refund of the points
ok, thanks to you.
no problem
It tells me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you're unable to fix this problem
so you will give me a refund
I paid for it
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
it's not normal to do this, players in your game lose money because of cheaters
and you don't offer refunds?
find a way to reimburse me
I won't leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
hello
I have a valid subscription to PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when I already have one for the Playstation
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so, in short, the issue is with PRS-ORG
is the PRS-ORG subscription supported on multiple platforms?
If I have a subscription via PRS-ORG, is it valid on PlayStation?
Or not?
No you don't understand
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but it is no longer valid on PRS-ORG
Hello, happy new year 2021!
I can no longer log in at all on my PRS-ORG online account, resetting my password gives me nothing and when I log in with my PRS-ORG identifier, I'm told that there's already an account with this identifier.
On the other hand, downloads work normally from my eReader.
Can you help me?
Best regards.
EMAIL
no, since I can't log into my account, but I just found 2 invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I got the eReader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it worked; my last 2 small paid purchases go back to February 16, 2020, the amounts are the same as on my statement.
It's all set now, I just logged into PRS-ORG and added your homepage to my favorites.
Case closed, thank you for your help, have a good Sunday.
Thanks, just a proposed purchase: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but starting from the just-released pocket format, therefore less expensive than the large format released in 2018.
It's okay for me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I am unable to play the PRS-ORG games.
unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas hello and thank you for your help
We've already had the PRS-ORG game kicked off once, today we tried to start a new game and it's the same issue
we tried on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG consoles
yes
we also tried to reset the console to factory mode, but nothing happened
update impossible 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
when I go to "manage game" on "update" there are none available
yes, this error code has been on for 4 days
when we try to update the game and restart the console it blocks
Ok, thank you
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,by phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-N. Please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
I asked by email that a "deleted employee" email address be deleted so that I could use it on another account.
Your colleague replied to me that it was not possible, but it was done with another address the day before.
I didn't receive any news after my second message.
So I would have to receive news quickly?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thank you.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT: Happy to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human that can deal with that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I assist you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thanks for waiting while I look over your conversation with NAME-M.
hello robert I can't make online payments
The transaction failed
Your deposit request failed or was canceled.
it's really urgent and I would appreciate it if it could be handled today
No, thank you
have a nice evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M. May I ask for your first name, please, to start?
like every month, even though I recovered my Twitch Prime pack
I did not receive it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
My PRS-ORG account is at the address EMAIL
and although I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS prime account, I keep having this issue with the two distinct email addresses every time
Well, I did the recovery, and I received a message saying "recovery was successful."
so the problem is with you and not with me
In previous months, the person I dealt with through chat provided me with the pack.
so I think it's a competence issue
I didn't log in to the console
only on the app
Ok, thank you.
Please wait a few moments as I put you through to an agent who will be able to help with your situation...
Via the chat.
How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday at around 11:00 PM, I couldn't make any transactions.
I sent my ID and my registration certificate yesterday at around 5 pm
My commercial registry extract
Can you reactivate transactions before 9am?
We need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the requested documents directly in my profile.
Yes.
Okay, I'll call you back at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be fixed?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello,
Hello, my name is NAME-N. Please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my business partner.
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
And I would like to know if I can buy a SumUp 3G without a printer
because the price is very high
I want a second free trial account.
and I want that terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the bundle
and?
There is nothing.
Hello, my last book, "ces biens essentiels" is malformed.
It becomes unreadable towards the end: overlapping characters and shifted accents.
This is too exhausting, I would like a refund, thank you.
I started this chat too late Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"ces biens essentiels" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed or if the issue is only with my reader...
I can take photos, but not right now.
In my case, it's around page 294, but it varies depending on the font size.
At least, it is around 75%.
I would be happy to, as I won't be available for anything else right now.
That suits me perfectly, thank you.
thank you, I wish you a good rest of the day
Nice to see you again NAME-F!
Talk to a human.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
How can I help you today?
Hello, NAME-F, a customer paid by link and I don't see his payment.
URL
although it is debited from her account
Yesterday.
it's written as accepted on my transactions... sent on my links... but not paid
ah ok, thanks. Why was it not immediate, like it usually is with payments through a link?
as a rule, since the payment, I get a payment notification
have things changed?
Sign in on the site, and not on the app?
ok, thanks...
Have a good day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
Last night I started a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token.
I used the token and created my draft team online
When I launched the 1st match, the changes were never saved
After 30 minutes of waiting, I turned off the console and back on
The game tells me that I quit the game, so I lost my token and now I have a handicap on the future matches for quitting
Can you fix this issue?
Are you still there
Thank you.
Thanks for the feedback, I already tried last night.
But the application says I'm not eligible
I must say that is pretty scandalous.
I spent 2 hours on the game for this.
Yes
Thank you
I am waiting to hear from you very soon
platforms
I made no purchases and I don't have any audio books.
My eReader was purchased in September.
yes, thank you
Since yesterday, I've been trying to add some books from my Adobe to my eReader.
but it always tells me that I am not allowed to.
I have removed all permissions and then granted them back and nothing changed.
I went through all the steps I found on your site, but it didn't help.
The error message on my e-Reader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
if you authorized your reader before, you have to import it again using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is authorized everywhere on my computer as well as on the e-reader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I have my e-reader since September.
in December, I contacted you for the same problem.
I had this problem twice in 1 year.
I love my eReader, but when it gives me these problems, I have no wish to recommend it to people I know.
if I follow your steps, I will lose my connection to you.
I'm on my computer
I have deactivated my permissions and uninstalled Adobe.
I will restart my computer and reinstall adobe.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I can no longer log into my Fut account
It stated that too many clubs had been created.
Even though I have already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I start the fut mode with my account, it says that the limit of fut account creation has been reached.
While this morning I was able to play with this account.
Sorry, my name is NAME-M.
You can help me if you can
Thank you
No problem
It is EMAIL.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
YES, THANK YOU
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO LOG IN TO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
IT SHOWS A SERVER ERROR ON MY PRS-ORG
ON PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
OK, IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL, BUT CAN YOU HELP ME SOLVE MY PROBLEM?
ok, thanks if the problem is due to a maintenance issue, I feel reassured and I will wait
THANK YOU.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
a file is already open
PHONENUMBER
I would like to have my content, which was pirated, returned to me
Or get compensated through PRS-ORG????
I have been playing for 10 years, and I put 400 € of PRS-ORG points each year, on top of buying the game
and they tell me on the phone that I wouldn't be able to recover anything
A file for PHONENUMBER is already open
I would like to retrieve the pirated content this morning or get compensation in PRS-ORG points.
I've been playing for 10 years, spending €400 of PRS-ORG points a year, and in addition to buying the game... and now they tell me on the phone that I won't be able to recover anything
What do I do?
EMAIL
I've already done the procedures that you're going to ask me to do
give you the code, change the password, etc.
I just want to play fuchampions this weekend with my team
And now I can't do anything
I invest money in the game every year, I have made salaries for 10 years and now I do not receive a positive feedback even when I need your help
I was hacked between 9 AM and 11:30 AM today
can you "erase" what happened and reset it all to this morning?
at 8 AM I still had my entire club
Please help me
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more.
For the most complicated ones, I put you in contact with a human.
So, what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry.
A human can provide you with information about your account status.
I made a transfer of 1019 euros, but I feel like my bank returned it, and I would like to know if it has been returned to your system
Ok
Okay, thank you, that's great
So I stay in waiting mode, that's right
Thank you very much.
I'll wait
No thanks a lot
I will wait until the afternoon
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yeah, I'm having a good day, and the same to you, I hope ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is in there
or I can repeat the question if you need me to
Excuse me?
Your sentence is cut off
I was just wondering that in career mode there are plenty of hairstyles, but there aren't many in Pro Clubs
Is that normal?
Why?
Otherwise, do you plan on adding them later?
No, thank you
Don't worry!
have a nice day
I'll get back to you if nothing has been done
Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
I'm having an issue with the verification system for logging in to my account
I did not receive the email containing the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I checked my spam too
On PRS-ORG, my account is validated automatically, so no problem. But this is for the PRS-ORG companion app on Android
Same when I try to log in on my web browser.
924311
This email passes without any problem
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope that I will not have any problems in the future
NAME-M_TEXT:I see you are having trouble processing because of your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, if
Please, no, I'm contacting you about something else}
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
support
yes
I'm really stuck with my customers about payments
I sent my PRS-ORG
yes
the delay, please
waiting time
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer, but I can't play
it tells me that there are too many computers
thank you
Thank you
Oh really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have any problem
I don't understand it??
I have it on my PRS-ORG account.
of PRS-ORG normal license
and have a PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hello, I am receiving mails asking me to provide more information or send them, thank you.
Moreover, I have replied to each email, unless otherwise noted
of course, here is a copy-paste of the message I received
Please be aware that, as stated in our Terms of Use (URL), a PRS-ORG profile can only be used for one single activity.
Please confirm us what activity will be used and provide us with proof (invoice, facebook link...) for this activity.
If you wish to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another business activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Regards,
Pierre
PRS-ORG sign-up service
I took part in the local market and I live in Blois, which is where these products are sold on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
should I send everything by the email I received?
yes, I sent it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't preload PRS-ORG, and they told me that everything should be resolved quickly, but that is not the case, I preordered to play it tomorrow, but if I can't download it, it means that I will not be able to play it tomorrow.
So I want to cancel this pre-order and that I can rep-order the game hoping that this time it works
Thank you for granting my request :)
Of course.
My email address is EMAIL
My id is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I re-preorder it now?
or have a little delay?
okay, thanks :)
I'm reordering it right now
Thank you very much for your expertise :D
Perfect, thank you, the pre-loading works well!
Everything works great!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
I have latency issues during the game while I am supposed to qualify for the FGS
it's unplayable
like always
EMAIL
ultimate team
one week ago
Everything is fine
and my players are too slow when passing, my passes arrive 5 seconds too late, this is really not possible
it's useless, sir
I'm wired
I have a perfect connection
it worked fine for 5 days
and now I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello.
My terminal is not working
It says "transaction refused."
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have provided the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events
Sure, I'll send the documents as soon as possible.
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
Some time ago I received confirmation that a payment has been processed
I bought the fairy tale Little Thumb
I would like a refund for the mistake.
11.49
Yes.
An PRS-ORG payment over 9.99 was made on my credit card
But I am unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed?
Will I be refunded for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I can put you in contact with a human being.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my store closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human to handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it shows "store closed"
Thank you, it worked
Have a nice day
I changed my phone number.
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Through the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How would you like to be put in contact with one of our agents?
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello, I am french and I created a Belgian sum up
I am not receiving the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I have to delete as soon as the Belgian account is active
Can you please do what is necessary?
06 68 11 75 30 is my personal phone number
to which I want to receive the code
Hello, I am contacting you to express my dissatisfaction.
I have been playing since PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, I have always loved this game.
PRS-ORG mode has kept me going since PRS-ORG 12.
It must be noted that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as the time goes by.
The PRS-ORG  champions mode is the mode that made me want to continue, but now it's very difficult to access... last week, rank 3 had a match against rank 2, and I couldn't qualify this week.
I hope for a very soon update for changing the qualification in PRS-ORG Champions, otherwise I think I won't touch the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Assistance.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to start?
hello, my PRS-ORG  champion qualification is compromised and I can't make up 1500 points and win the 9 qualification matches before this weekend
How?
Will you change the qualifying system?
Thanks, I really hope that this will change.
I love ultimate team mode, I love playing in PRS-ORG champions.
Now I have the impression that in order to access it and have good rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very big team.
Hoping that it will change very soon. Talk to you soon, otherwise, see you later PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I am not the only one so that this can be solved quickly.
No, not at all, thank you.
Have a good day, stay strong and I hope for a quick update
telephone number issue
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M and I am the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your question are short and precise, for example "How do I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only save one telephone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As modifying a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant's skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I was asked to complete my profile with a phone number, but I can't change the telco's number
so it's a number from Dom Tom
PHONENUMBER
so it must be PHONENUMBER
yes, no problem
Yes, but the code is not coming
I am asked for the verification code
but it was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot, if you want it
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I cannot change it
I haven't received any verification code yet
PHONENUMBER
I'm told that I need to start accepting payments
I need to verify my phone number
I just started your service and there are already some problems
Hello, how can I change my phone number with alphanumeric?
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please do not ask me more than one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are brief and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:As changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
Wait a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
The current number is PHONENUMBER
And I would like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Thank you very much.
No, thank you, have a nice day.
I would like to speak with an agent.
I would like to speak with an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I did not quite understand.
Could you restate your request?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Please wait while I scroll through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Ms. NAME-F, I hope you're doing well.
I'd like to change my email address
Perfect, okay, thank you.
No, that will be all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player, I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points are not showing in my ultimate team account
The thing is that I recently changed the email address of my account, which is now the one I put: MORE RECENT EMAIL.
Except that my PRS-ORG account, the email address is as follows.
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points may have gone to the wrong account.
CD keys a website.
The code was valid because when I entered the 25-digit code in the PRS-ORG store, it worked.
The PRS-ORG points are on another account, is that possible?
Whereas I only have one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code correctly, it was validated on the PRS-ORG.
The store of my ALPHANUMERICID account
But when I launch Ultimate Team, the points are not there
The email address linked to my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the one from my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, I just recently updated it
The PRS-ORG points are active on the wrong account?
How do I do that?
Do you have a purchase receipt I could use?
You cannot check which PRS-ORG account has the PRS-ORG points?
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Happy to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist with your situation...
Hello, I'm trying to link my shop to my domain name.
The lights are green, but the status is still "not connected"
You did not understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes.
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
But I am still not logged in.
Does that take some time?
yes
Okay, I got it.
Thank you.
I'll wait then
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to begin?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log into PRS-ORG
it says that I already have an account, but when I enter my email, it doesn't work, so I created this account, but it's impossible to add it to the game
I'll contact NAME-F sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address a moment ago and I found it, it was my old email
but if I enter my old email, it doesn't work either
My email address linked to PSN is the same one mentioned, EMAIL
it doesn't work
so we can't play
I don't think this happens to me, something should be done to change my PRS-ORG account on the games
having games and not using them is great
I'm not going to create a new PSN just to play, are you going to create multiple accounts just for one game?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-M,
I still see 0 points... despite buying a lot
How can I get points...and what are they used for?
I bought a lot of games and PRS-ORG kits.
But despite the time that has passed, I have never received any points.
I have never received points...and I have never purchased any.
what are they for?
I thought that I could earn points when I shop on your site.
The PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Happy Holidays to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant, at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, such as "How can I change my email address?
".
Talk to an advisor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT: So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to contact one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By Chat,By Phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
I can't get through to a consultant
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
your company's incompetence
I do.
I'm tired of calling every day to verify my account.
I'm cancelling its opening, I'm revoking my decision, and opening an account elsewhere
Yes.
I want to close the account
I want to close the account now, not in a few days, can you do it now?
3 weeks ago the advisor also had a high priority :)
I already contacted your site
Regency.
Une partie de campagne
delivery
I logged out and logged back in, but it still won't open.
I can't read it
Book was bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page
I am obliged to restart the PRS-ORG to access my homepage
Yes, that's it
That's good.
Thank you
Great!
Have a nice day.
On which date was my professional account opened?
talk to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you if you have any questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the most complicated ones, I'll connect you with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am NAME-F, I did not understand well.
Could you rephrase your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few minutes while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
for my tax declaration, I would like to know the opening date of my business account?
Where do I find the exact date?
no, the pro account I opened afterwards
where can I find this info?
Yes.
I need this information for my tax declaration!
Thank you
Hello Mr.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
my password doesn't work anymore
this is the 2nd time in two weeks
And I can't request a password reset because I never receive your email...
and I am forced to contact you via chat or phone to solve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again please?
124876
We'll say I'm a regular now hahah
I was able to change my password successfully
and I can log into PRS-ORG
Thank you.
thanks again, maybe next time (I hope your server can still remember my username)
have a nice day!
the authentication of my cell phone is not possible
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I would like to help you with your verification documents, but it exceeds the scope of my virtual assistant duties.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your issue...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
yes
I can't complete strong authentication from my current phone
I receive the SMS.
But the application does not take the manipulation into account
no error
when I'm in the strong authentication menu
can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Thank you too
Could you please explain your request?
Well, an investigation is currently being done on my PRS-ORG account because I was hacked yesterday
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I play essentially on PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is quite annoying
That's perfect, you don't have any deadline to give me?
Because, well, when you have nothing in your club anymore it gets complicated
Very well, thank you
No, nothing at all, thanks
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address.
I made a mistake about the content
No, my home address is.
I made a mistake
I am staying for free at my boyfriend's place
How can I do that?
or I have my mobile phone bills.
or insurance.
yes, I'm looking
Please don't send me the PRS-ORG card
I need to change the address first
sure
I will send the documents in a few days.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello, I would like to change my personal number.
So, how can I help you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only save one phone number to your account, but you can install the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) on different smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond my skillset as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I don't have access to this number
PHONENUMBER
yes, and how long after
because I can't make the payment on my account
thank you very much
no, thanks to you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Your game is starting to get on my nerves!
The same problem as the last futchamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys quit, so that counts as a defeat, even though it is the guy who quits.
and so I don't have my reward 4 wins Draft
and I lose my 15000 credits
As if what you did wasn't enough for my last Futchamp where I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
Are you going to say that you will pass on the information, but you won't do anything about it?
So?
No, he's the one who left
I'm on a PC, not a console, and I have a 600 Mbps fiber connection
and I didn't have any microcut because I'm still on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut off
It is him who left
It's just that when too many people leave a game against a player, the game considers that it was him
It's a big mess.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M
I'm having an issue with my PRS-ORG account.
I can't access the transfer market through the app or the web.
On the other hand, I can access the game directly
NAME-M
Could you please help me?
I'm fine, thank you, how about you?
On the PRS-ORG it is ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of trying to buy FIFA Points on my first account.
So, I created a new PRS-ORG account so that I could fully enjoy the game without breaking the rules this time.
But then access was not added to this new account
I play with the Lyon team as a Lyon player in fut mode.
I really like Paqueta, he is very complete for an 81 rating.
I'm doing everything I can to get it into POTM right now
And your favorite player?
He is a great player indeed, MBAPPÉ, I like your taste.
He's having an amazing start to the season, and so is the PRS-ORG team
I thank you for taking the time to help me.
Have you found an explanation for my transfer market
I have been playing for several days now, but nothing has changed
Okay, I will continue to have fun then.
The main thing is to have access to it on the console.
But the app is very useful for managing it remotely.
Thank you very much NAME-M anyway.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-N, may I ask your first name please to start?
Hello,
Pierre
Quite simply, I think
I pre-ordered BF 2042 on October 6 in the gold edition
Today, when I tried to install it, I got the following message: "Unfortunately, it appears that a billing problem has occurred with your pre-order"
So I go on the PRS-ORG website.
And the order is tagged "processing"
I realized that the payment has never been taken from PayPal
And I change my payment method
I would like to have my game unlocked
EMAIL
I can see it, but it says "Pre-order failed"
PRS-ORG
It doesn't solve the problem
I just did that
And I still have Preorder failure
So you cannot restart the order or something else?
Because I gave my payment method and I still don't see the problem being resolved
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG saying I can play
I've restarted PRS-ORG
I think that's enough after clearing the cache
And if I restart it, I'll lose our conversation
Via the chat
Hello, I would like to receive payments into 2 different accounts.
I have already sent messages about this.
I just ordered a 2nd box, but it sends me back to the same account.
How can I do this?
Best regards.
How would you like to be put in contact with one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments so that I can transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via le chat,By telephone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
A classic reader, 19€
Yes, I want it by email.
I haven't received the unit yet, but everything should be fine by Wednesday.
So, once I receive it, I will be able to set it up for another account?
I received an email this morning that my order was on the way.
My email address: EMAIL.
Thank you
The email I received this morning was in French, but usually, I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change this, so that I can receive all communications in French?
Thank you
No.
I used to receive the emails in French but not the last ones.
I sent several messages on this subject with no success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Good evening, I'm back because I think I found the problem
I am experiencing "lag" only on PRS-ORG currently, and I wanted to check with the server if there is a problem or not
because I'm getting signals indicating that I'm losing packets, but when I looked at Teamspeak, I saw that I'd not lost any packets in the last 50 minutes
as you can see on this image
URL
Good evening, I contacted you because I have been bugging a lot, and this is my last resort.
:(
URL here is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I don't have any packet loss up above even though I do have lags
Is it a problem that originates from me or from the game?
Because I am going crazy
You're going to fix this with a patch, I assume?
But in how long?
Because I cannot play under these conditions at all, not even in a pro club
Thanks, I hope it will be okay :)
Have a nice evening and thank you.
Good luck with this week
NAME-M_TEXT:Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I am sorry.
Your device seems to be defective.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:How can I help you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO EXIT FROM ALPHANUMERICID, FAILED TO LOAD
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180€ INTO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S AVOIR RENTRER MON NOM ET MON IBAN I AM CONFIRMING
AND THE FAILED TRANSACTION
MORE EXACTLY, LOADING FAILURE
I am watching the match at 3:45 pm on ALPHANUMERICID.
LOADING FAILED
I have low fiber speed, it will take a month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
hello
I'm having trouble with my account being divided in two
j is more hardline
as well as the access to my other email account
The problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or one has been changed to vinsvodoo (and back again)
either EMAIL
or EMAIL
I never have issues when using PRS-ORG, it's always PRS-ORG that bugs.
that is to say
I don't have access to this email account, it is registered to my Facebook, but it is from more than 15 years ago.
I once spoke to one of your colleagues and it worked again and never had a problem afterwards
my real email is EMAIL
it makes me angry, I knew I could no longer come back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG I can recover everything within 1 hour.
so you'll lose money because I will no longer be making purchases from you
Hello,
I have a very big problem when I want to read the books I downloaded from a library, and it is a problem that I just recently ran into.
The book is downloaded from the library to my computer through PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG eReader.
I connect the eReader to the computer to get the book, and the content is imported.
I eject my e-reader before disconnecting it from the PC and I can briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the e-reader.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, I get a message saying that my reader is not allowed to open the book, as I need to allow it again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-import it.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address and therefore I have this permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I did not buy the book but downloaded it from the library.
The latest one, today, is N.E.O.
- Volume 1: The Fall of Iron Sun by NAME-M.
I think so.
Anyway, I'm connected to wi-fi and automatic synchronization is enabled.
I don't know when the last sync was performed.
The date and time are correct.
In what way might this affect the authorisation?
I tried again before contacting you.
I've uninstalled and reinstalled the authorization.
I will try again.
For the moment I have ADE 4.5.11, so I don't understand why!
I have been using it for almost 1 year.
What are factory settings?
hello, i haven't received the payment from February 3.
I'm missing a payment
I didn't receive the three payments made on February 3
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
You chose to pay with the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds collected are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, and this is also valid for the weekend.
Note: if the transaction you are expecting was made before the card's payment method was activated, the funds will be paid into the registered bank account rather than on the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to the payment method and frequency do not affect past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I missed a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thanks for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in that case it seems necessary for a human to intervene.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
good morning thanks
Ok, thanks a lot
Ok, thank you very much
No thanks
Thank you, you too.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, as you may know, the game Star Wars Battlefront 2 has become unplayable.
nobody dies1hp due to a bug or godmode hack
you've been notified about this for several days now
the game is unplayable
hello?
EMAIL
The problem is from you!
From the servers
thousands of players are complaining and you're feigning ignorance?...
What a constructive answer!!
no problem?!!
the devs abandoned the game...and PRS-ORG is connected to a hack of the servers
thank you for the customer service
Horrible.
no respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello.
Yes.
My terminal is blocked.
I am looking for a way to send payment link requests to clients
I don't have that feature in my app
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I'm looking to send payment links to my clients
But I don't see the payment link in the menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, it would help me a lot
I'm counting on you, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello.
I have a problem linking my PRS-ORG account) to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
Do you want the email of my PRS-ORG account, is that it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Whenever I try to link my PRS-ORG account, I get the following message:
A problem has occurred.
An error occurred that prevented us from completing your request.
Try again later.
For the PRS-ORG rewards
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello
I would like to know if the latest ID card sent is okay.
also, how do I set up my bank account?
which is the registered one?
yes, and I sent a new ID without getting a reply
I do not have an IBAN that ends in 0507
yes
I can't change it directly in the app
and I just sent back the ID card... it's quite urgent...
Okay..well, I'm sending you my RIB..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, NAME-F. I am NAME-M.
Yes, thank you, I'm fine
I would like you to help me, because I have never been lucky on PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing it since I was 10, but I've never been a big player.
My friend got Hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack, while I got... NAME-N... only a day ago he got NAME-M.
I keep buying the game's pre-order, getting 4600 PRS-ORG points and never getting a good player
I don't know what to do. Thank you for your help
I understand that, but how come my friend has all those players?
In fact, he got an icon in a pre-viewable pack...
Well, it's not a problem if there's nothing you can do
Thanks anyway
So I will definitely stop playing this game
Thank you, have a good holiday
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be put in contact with one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
I received an invoice via SMS and I would like to get it in email to get it reimbursed
Transaction ID: ALPHANUMERICID
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice in my email.
Thank you.
Hello, for 2 days, I have been trying to validate my payment by PRS-ORG card for a purchase I entered all the information, I clicked continue and register, the visa check light keeps turning and I get no answer.
I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but I'm still experiencing the same problem.
What's happening?
Thank you for answering.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I would like to buy T2
Yes, but usually, this doesn't block the payment!
Why is it happening now?
What should I do then?
okay.
Thank you, I'm going to do it right away
Regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my blocked account
I want my money in my account balance, which is already closed
Okay.
Ok, but I have already sent a new bank account where the money will be deposited
yes, i'm here
yes, it's me
yesterday I already sent the new bank account to which I will receive my money
Account Holder
That's BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I made a mistake in the account linked to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
yes
It is linked to no account. I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, but I don't want that; I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
Yes, I can't complete my account.
yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
EMAIL.
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is associated with my PRS-ORG account, I would like to dissociate it
I just paid 90 euro for the ultimate edition
thank you
hello
My device is blocked, what should I do?
For the more complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
What can I do for NAME-N?
This message that appears on the screen of the device means unfortunately that it is faulty.
Its security system has been triggered and this block is irreversible.
I can't process this type of request, so I will put you in touch with an agent who will be able to carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment, please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
could I have a phone number to call please
Thank you, I'll find it easier to understand this way.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise. For example, "How can I change my email address?"
.”
To avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
This message will appear on the device screen, meaning it is unfortunately faulty.
Its security system has kicked in, and the block is irreversible.
As I am not able to handle this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who will be able to carry out the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
Just a moment, please...
My name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
Yes, sorry I have clients
I got a BK error code PHONENUMBER
then I connected it and pressed the start button
I pressed and held down the button to boot and then released it
it turned off
I have cancelled it
Sorry, I'll call you back when I have more time. I have a customer appointment.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
for several team clash matches, I get disconnected, and the game counts as a loss, even though I'm winning 3 or 4 to 0
It makes me lose ranks and progress for my team
I repeat, I'm experiencing disconnections during clash of teams matches
I got disconnected and lost the game, even though I was winning
It was not online.
so no connection
I'm in a team clash, so it's your game that's causing me to disconnect...
I have been cheated
I'm fed up with this, I play the game and I get screwed over... I really have the impression that you don't care about players like me
That's not counting the times where I end up with eight or nine lagging on the very first day of the match because of a bug...
Hello
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I bought "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol. 1" by NAME-M yesterday, but I cannot read it on my PRS-ORG. None of the usual font size settings work; the text is too small and of low quality...
I'm disappointed with this purchase on your platform, which usually provides me with well-prepared books!
I would like a refund of €15.99
Thank you in advance
Regards
EMAIL
Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
vol. 1 of NAME-M, bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund on my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day.
No, thanks, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I do not receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
How can I do this?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
The Fiancées of the Pacific
I will try PRS-ORG
I'm logged in on my computer, but via my reader...
how do I reset it using my eReader?
I am not receiving the email
ok
I just tested it and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my eReader does not recognize my account
there was an update last night and I no longer have access to it
it says: connection impossible
it would seem that URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
but I am on the Wi-Fi with my computer to which I connected my reader
I just tried again and it's loading...
yes!!!!
It worked, it just needed a little more time!
phew, thanks for your help
ok I entered the book I bought yesterday...
have a nice day
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I assist you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14, but I haven't received it yet...
February 11 pardon
Here's the invoice number: PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes, on your website
Here is the number of the purchase order PHONENUMBER
The tracking information indicates that since February 14, the package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number: ALPHANUMERICID
Yet I ordered through this profile... I received an invoice to my email address, EMAIL
But I have another profile with EMAIL as the email address
But usually, I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission at 1.49%
This is the one
The one I'm writing this email to.
Is there a phone number to reach one of your colleagues directly?
It would be easier by phone
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
This is the order number on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M.
It was a pleasure to talk to you!
I'm doing well, thanks, although I'm experiencing a technical problem with the PRS-ORG game on PC
Indeed, for more than an hour now I can't access the transfer market to buy a player
how is this possible?
Thanks in advance and looking forward to your reply.
It seems to me that it is a security block undertaken by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I'm not a hacker.
This is the correct one.
when I try to access the PRS-ORG transfer market
when I tried to search for the player I wanted
it indicates to me
"a communication problem occurred with the PRS-ORG servers, please try again later"
Everything else in the game works except for the transfer market, which is where I get this message, and then gets me kicked out of the transfer market
thank you very much
thanks for your advice
Please speak to an advisor
Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
I want to speak to an advisor
Hello, my name is , thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and no longer have access to the transfer
Yes, which ones?
The code was sent to my old number
which I no longer have
Do you understand?
Hello?
You're the expert
Yes, I'm going to do it right away
Yes, but it's not the old number
To which email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-M, may I ask your name, please?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
I hope you are too!
When I tried to start NAME-M's 24h mission, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it was gone, with all its accessories.
It's not in my city, or in my inventory…
No, it's on the iPad
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start NAME-M's 24h mission that required the PRS-ORG palace and that's when I saw that this castle was no longer in my city or in my inventory
This Boitingham castle used to unlock Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M, but no longer have the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be in contact with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold on while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello
I can't check my identity, can you call me back?
for verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
Can you send me your email address, so that I can send you the proof of identity?
contacted me by email
I can't read your messages
Leave me a message by email, it will be easier for me. Thank you.
EMAIL
