Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
NAME-M
You closed the discussion before I even got to reply.
OK.
I just told you that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG will send the game directly to your PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice.
How can I send you the PDF file?
I gave it to you just now
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG site is:
Order # PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official reseller of PRS-ORG
So you're affiliated with them
that is why you are the most suitable to manage this refund
But seeing as you are affiliated
you can handle that for me
Yes.
I will check with them and get back to you if needed
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
My name is NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
my problem is that my account
fut is linked to my PRS-ORG account
while I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to sue PRS-ORG on my PC
yes it is
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes or get my team PRS-ORG companion
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello
I just started a match of "Fut Champions" and the game is blocked on the opponent's team.
I can even send you an image
you are the
nn
I'm playing a match with my friends and we're stuck on the opponent's team's match
EMAIL
for your information I am still playing the match with the opponent's team, I don't want to leave the game in case I lose the match
but if I leave the game, will I not lose anything?
i didn't miss the match, have a good day
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days now, I've been unable to access your website when I try to make a purchase.
You get an error message: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: The confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des Cent Péchés
My phone in general.
Then I can synchronise it with the reader.
Except for the audio books that I listen to on the phone
Damn!
What is it?
Good.
You are going to think me very stupid, but until before yesterday, everything was working.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to look for this VPN?
I will try to do what you advise me.
If that does not work, I will get back to you.
Good evening.
Best regards,
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
I made use this morning of one of your colleagues to recover my account
I reset my email, everything is ok, everything works
However, I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify my account's ownership
and I need to report it to a counselor apparently
I'm so scared that I'll never have access to my account again, that I'm panicking a little
yes I am just wondering why they ask me to do it since I already did it to reset the email and everything is working now
348138
This is the code I received
But I am afraid that we will start again from a resetting of the email while I do not need it
So, thank you, have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello everyone, I had a problem with my account, my game code was already used, but I found the right account, the problem is that it wants to install it with the download, not with the CD, because I don't have a lot of internet and a poor connection, so it's a pain
how do I get it to install from the CD?
because now I have 1 day of download time
the game is PRS-ORG
on pc
he his part directly by downloading it
without entering the game code
because it had already been installed on another computer so when I opened my account and halfway through the CD it wanted to download it
or his so he wants to download it to install it
Yes, it takes me one day to download it because of the bad connection
i want to install it from a CD and not from downloading
Through the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I would like to receive your emails in French, and not in German.
Is it possible?
moreover, I received emails stating that my account had been verified but 3 months later..
Yes.
I have the French language in my dashboard.
but I receive all communication in German
Yes.
super thank you
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the information (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I get that information?
I wanted to go back to remember the price to pay, but impossible to find this information.
Currently no, I am on the support page.
(everything is written in italian and that does not help haha)
Alright, very well, I'm making a new order!
That's all for me!
Thank you for your help and wish you a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
we've uploaded all the documents
thank you for reconfiguring our device
we're just getting started, and it's not working
yes I need to download it again
I just did it
I responded to the email
please do it quickly
it is a big loss for us...!
for you too..
ok, I understand, but how long will it take
NAME-M_TEXT: How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please bear with me while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
Hello
I requested a change of BIC, and I wondered when this request would take effect?
this is a business account for a company
yes I'm always here
I am contacting you from the profile I created
I don't understand.
so, what should I do?
I sent an e-mail on Friday to EMAIL
Hi, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment I did not carry out
You have just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
Automatic rejections for PRS-ORG **** have been disabled.
You will be able to reactivate them during your next purchase from a PRS-ORG merchant.
Nn
Can't remember
My nephew may have paid for a game with the phone?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I assist you?
Hello,
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connectivity problems.
The "3G mobile data" connection type has been successfully turned on, but even when we walk around the office, the connection is not established.
Also, the battery level changes from second to second, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like a new terminal.
Could you do what needs to be done?
Thank you for your cooperation and I wish you all the best.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new device to the address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be charged?
Or is it free?
I would like to thank you for your effective and good collaboration.
Thank you for your collaboration.
If necessary, you can also contact us by e-mail at EMAIL or by telephone at PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and best regards.
No, it's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
yes
I have a problem with my transfer limits
I have to pay €158,100 to my notary
for the acquisition of a plot of a forest
I just found out about the ceiling levels
at the moment, I have €59,975 in the account and I want to transfer this to the notary as quickly as possible
I'm referring to the transfer limit for the pro account
in addition, 100,000€ were waiting on the account I was supposed to receive
these days
and I should make a second transfer of €98,125
I can call the notary to confirm all this for you.
I wanted to return 59 975€ yesterday
June 14, 2022 at 7:49 PM
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because you don't know how to code a game
I initiated a draft in the 1st round 0 minute into the game and my opponent declined it, so I won.
My first name is NAME-M
an angry user
yes in the meantime Aji even made a new draft to see if it was me who was wrong
hey?
But is this a joke??
in fact you are useless, just incapable people, as it happens every time i have to deal with you
it's always the same thing do me well fuck me I can do nothing for you
so I have to deco 1h of the game and I would maybe have a draft token??
so in addition to getting fucked, I can't play for 1 hour?
you are geniuses keep going that way and you are on the right track
yeah, like always, there's nothing to do, well thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?”
".
To avoid confusion, please only ask me one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer has still not arrived
So, what can I do for you today?
Ok.
Unfortunately, I am unable to access your payout frequency.
You can, however, consult it from the account settings: URL.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thank you
So, for today or tomorrow, that's it?
Yes.
Okay, I'll wait then
Everything is fine, keep going
I would need a panel for my living rooms
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-F, I did not quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated cases, I put you in touch with a human.
Panel showing the PRS-ORG
I want to speak with a human being
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
🤖 I am here to help you if you have any questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and much more!
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I’m sorry NAME-F, I didn’t quite understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
Hello my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
hello, I would like to know if it is possible to receive a small tag with the inscription that I have an PRS-ORG
and my customers can pay by credit card
no
it's not his
when I was in the market, I had a small sign indicating that I could pay with a credit card
but I had it stolen at the last trade show
I would like to know if you could send me one
a display
please
if possible 3 people who can come to my booth
not those who stick together
mme vozel amandine 3 lot la cour du bois 17260 saint andre de lidon
no, it's kind of you, thank you, have a good day
Hello, the payment link does not work
So, what can I do for you today?
Also, in order to avoid confusion, please ask me only one question at a time.
Hello, I am NAME-F, NAME-M is the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG, at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?”
”.
Remote payment
I'm sorry about that.
Could you be more specific as to what type of transaction it is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote cashing,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can arise for various reasons.
In order to find out which one applies to your situation, I will connect you with a human colleague.
Just a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you
The remote payment link does not work, it keeps asking for a terminal every time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it doesn't work, so I made a 300€ QR code
I don't understand why the links aren't working
Can you tell me why, I have no answer
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake.
Thank you for your response and promptness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello my name is NAME-M
I am contacting you because PRS-ORG has removed 950,000 credits from my account on PRS-ORG ultimate team
For reasons that I don’t understand, since the credits I had were earned with players I received in packs, I sent the photos
And by scalping.
I would like to get back my credits, it's a lot of money!
I dispute the sanction!
PSN: ALPHANUMERICID
email address: EMAIL
I just transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I never did anything illegal!
And all the rest I had earned myself.
And PRS-ORG took it all away from me!
And when I go to my ban/suspension history, there is nothing posted
On help.PRS-ORG
I have never broken the PRS-ORG rules
Yes, thank you very much, it's an enormous sum!
Thanks to you
So, am I just supposed to give up now?
I am just waiting for an email?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least the
half of my credits
I provided photo evidence before starting this thread with you
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
My name is NAME-M
Ok, I met a problem in online Draft mode for the second time on PRS-ORG.
I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (which means money) so I decide to start a match
and as soon as I log out, I get disconnected
surely some cheaters
but it's the 2nd time since I started drafting
and I'm getting fed up with being conned like this
i would like a reimbursement of points
agreed, thank you.
no problem
They tell me I'm not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you can't fix this problem
then you will reimburse me
I paid
and I lost money
so now I want a refund
it's not normal to do that, your game players lose money because of cheaters
and you're not reimbursing?
find a way to repay me
I would not leave without a refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Hello,
I have a valid subscription on PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it's already valid on the Playstation?
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so in short, the problem is PRS-ORG
is the PRS-ORG subscription available on several devices?
If I have a subscription via Playstation it must be valid in PRS-ORG?
Or not?
no you do not understand
My subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but more valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and a happy new year 2021,
I can no longer log into my PRS-ORG account online. Resetting my password is unsuccessful, and when I log in using my PRS-ORG ID, it responds that there is already an account with that ID.
On the other hand, downloads from my reader are working fine.
Could you help me?
Best regards,
EMAIL
no, since I can no longer log into my account, but I just found 2 invoices from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my reader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I received it and it works; the last 2 of my recent paid purchases actually go back to February 16, 2020, and the amounts match those on my statement.
It's working now, I just logged in with Edge and PRS-ORG and bookmarked your homepage.
Case closed, thanks for your help and have a nice Sunday.
Thanks, just a proposed purchase: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder, but from the new paperback version, so cheaper than the hardback that came out in 2018.
It's good for me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask for your first name please to start?
I am unable to play the PRS-ORG games
unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas hello and thank you for your help
the game PRS-ORG was already rejected the first time around, today we tried with a new one, but it is the same
I tried it on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one s consoles, without result
yes
we also tried to reset the console to the factory settings, it didn't work
Update impossible 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
pardon
When I go to manage the game on update, there are none available
Yes, this error code has been present for 4 days now.
there is a problem with the update that we try to reset the game on the console it crashes
ok, thank you
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,Phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold on a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your enquiry...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello,
I asked them via email to delete the email address of one of my employees so that I could reuse it on another account.
Your colleague replied that it was not possible, although they had done it for another address the day before.
I got no reply after my 2nd message.
So I should get news quickly?
Perfect.
Thanks, have a good day
Yes, thanks, I had all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thank you.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:It’s great to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human to take care of that for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert I can't make online payments
transaction failed
Your deposit request failed or was canceled.
it is urgent to treat this problem today if possible, thank you
No, thanks
Have a nice evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
as usual every month despite the fact that I recovered my twich prime pack
I did not receive it in game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the address EMAIL
and despite the fact that I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS account, I get the feeling that there is still the problem of two separate email addresses each time
Well yes I made the recovery request and it said "recovery successful"
so the problem is with you and not with me
And the previous months, the person I had via chat generated the pack for me
so i think there is a problem of competence
I didn't sign in to the console
only on the app
ok, thank you
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Through chat
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday, around 11:00 PM, all transactions were impossible.
I sent my ID and extract of the register yesterday around 5pm
My commercial register extract
Can you reactivate the transactions before 9:00?
They need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents as a direct application to my profile.
Yes
Okay, I will call you back at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need adjusting?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello,
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my partner
and I would like to know if we can buy the Sum Up 3G without the printer
because the price is very high
I want a second beer.
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the PRS-ORG 3g without the pack
and?
Nothing.
Hello, my last book "ces biens essentiels" is deformed.
It becomes illegible towards the end: superimposed characters and off-kilter accents.
This is too difficult, I wish to get a refund, thank you.
I'm picking up on this chat that began too late on Sunday evening, I had to go to bed.
EMAIL
"these essential goods" of NAME-F
I don't know if this book is defective or if the problem is just with my e-reader...
I can take photos, but not right away.
In my case, it's page 294, but this will vary according to the font size.
In any case, it's around 75%
Willingly, because there I'm not available for more
This suits me perfectly, thank you
Thanks, have a nice end of your service
Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
talking to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
Hi NAME-F, a customer paid me via the link but I don't see the payment
URL
still owed on his account
yesterday
it is written as accepted on my transactions...sent to my links ... but not paid
ah ok, thanks, how come it didn't go through immediately, like it usually does with link payments
in principle from the moment the payment is made I get a notification of payment
has things changed?
reconnect to the site and not the app?
ok, thanks..
good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
Hello
Last night I launched a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token
I used the token and created my draft team online
The change failed to launch on the 1st game
After 30 minutes of waiting I turned off the console and turned it back on
The game tells me that I left the game, so I lost my token and I now have a handicap on future matches for abandoning
Can you do something about it?
Are you still there
Thank you
Thank you for your feedback, I tried it last night.
But the application tells me that I am not eligible
This is quite scandalous, I must say.
I spent 2 hours playing it.
Yes.
Thank you
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
platforms
I didn't buy anything and I don't have any audiobooks.
I bought my reader in September.
yes, thank you
I have been trying to add books from my adobe to my liseuse since yesterday.
but this one always tells me I'm not allowed.
I removed all my permissions and then re-added them and nothing changed.
I followed all the steps I found on your site but it did not work.
The error message on my e-reader is: This book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (drm).
after authorizing your reader previously, you must re-import it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it's allowed everywhere on my computer as well as on the reader
but I already have an PRS-ORG account
I've had my e-Reader since September.
I contacted you in December for the same reason.
that it happens twice in one year.
I love my eReader, but when it causes me trouble like that, I don't have any desire to recommend it to people in my circle.
if I follow your steps I will lose my connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I turned off my permissions and uninstalled adobe.
I'll restart my computer and re-download adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, can I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello
I can no longer log in to my fut account
He said too many clubs had been created
While I have already played PRS-ORG with this account
When I try to launch the fut mode with my account, it tells me that the limit for creating a fut account has been reached
Even this morning I managed to play with this account
Sorry, my first name is NAME-M
You can help me please
Thank you
No problem
C EMAIL
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
OK, THANKS
I haven't been able to log onto my PRS-ORG account since this morning
ON MY PHONE IT SAYS THAT THERE IS A SERVER ERROR
ON PRE-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL HERE?
OK C it's not a big deal but can you help me solve my problem
OK, THANK YOU. IF THE PROBLEMS ARE DUE TO MAINTENANCE WORK, I AM RELIEVED AND I WILL WAIT PATIENTLY
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
already has an open file
PHONENUMBER
I would like to have the content that was stolen from me returned
or to compensate me in PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, and I spend 400€ in PRS-ORG points per year, in addition to buying the game
and I was told over the phone that I couldn't recover anything
A file is already open PHONENUMBER
I would like to retrieve the content I pirated this morning or be compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I've been playing for 10 years, I put €400 of PRS-ORG points a year, in addition to buying the game... and they tell me on the phone that I won't be able to recover anything
How am I supposed to do that?
EMAIL
I've already done the steps you're going to ask me
give you the code, change the password, etc.
I just want to play futchampions this weekend with my team
and now I can’t do anything
I put money into the game every year, I've been paying salaries for 10 years and I don't get any positive feedback, this is the only time when I need you
I got hacked today between 9am and 11.30am
Can you "delete" his comment and restore everything to what it was this morning?
At 8 am I still had my whole club
Please save me the trouble
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and more.
For more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human being.
So, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Do not worry.
A human can tell you the status of your account.
I was issued a 1019 transfer that I think was rejected by my bank, I would like to know if it was put back in your system
Agreed.
Ok, thanks, that's great
So I'm just waiting, that's right
Thank you
I'll wait
No thanks very much
I'll wait until after noon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hi, my name is NAME-M
Yes I'm having a good day, I hope the same for you ;)
I don't know if you can read my file, but my question is in there.
otherwise I can repeat it if necessary
Sorry?
Your sentence is broken
I just wanted to know in the career there are many haircuts while in the pro club there is not much
Is this normal?
And why?
If not, do you plan to put them in later?
No, it's good, thank you
Don't worry!
have a nice day
I will come back to you if this is not done subsequently
Bye!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system for logging into my account
I don't receive the email containing the security verification number
After I entered my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On the PRS-ORG my account is validated automatically so no worries but the problem is for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android
Same thing happens when I try to log on to my internet browser
924311
This email goes through without a problem
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope that I will not have any further concerns
NAME-M_TEXT: I see that you are experiencing problems with payment because of your transaction limit.
Do you wish to discuss this?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, s
I am contacting you for something else.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant at your service.
support
Yes.
I am really stuck with my customers regarding payment
I have sent my PRS-ORG
Yes.
the deadline please
waiting time
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer but I can't play
he said that there were too many computers
mercui
thank you
Really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I should not have any problem
I don't understand ??
I have them on my PRS-ORG account
de PRS-ORG normal license
and in addition to the PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licences
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hello I am receiving mails that ask me to provide more information, or to provide it, thank you
and I have already replied by email,
sure that's a copy paste of the received message
Please be aware that, as stated in our terms of use (URL), a PRS-ORG profile may only be used for a single activity.
Please confirm us for which activity your profile will be used and provide us with proof (invoice, facebook link,...) for this activity.
If you want to use your PRS-ORG terminal for another business activity, you should create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Best regards,
Pierre
PRS-ORG registration service
I do the fairs and walks, and I'm also from Blois, and I sell these products on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
I sent all that in the email I received?
Yes 'I sent Kbis plus link facebook
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
Hi I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I contacted your services because I couldn't pre-download PRS-ORG, they told me that normally everything should be solved quickly, but it's not, I pre-ordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, it means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
therefore, I would like to cancel this preorder and re-order the game, hoping that this time it works
I thank you for kindly responding to my request :)
Of course
My email address is EMAIL
My idea is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I now re-order it?
or do I have a deadline?
alright, thanks :)
I would recommend it to anyone now
Thank you so much for your skills :D
Perfect, thank you, preloading works!
everything works perfectly!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I have latency issues while I should be qualifying for the fgs
it's unplayable
as usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
all going well
and the players are slow when I pass the ball, it arrives 5 seconds after, it's just not possible
sir, it's useless
I am connected
I have a perfect connection
it has been 5 days, everything is working well
and then I can do nothing
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My device is not working
It says "transaction refused"
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have uploaded the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events
Very well, I will forward the documents quickly
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG a while ago.
I see that a payment has gone through
I bought a tale forbidden the little kid
I would like to be reimbursed for the mistake.
11.49
Yes.
A PRS-ORG payment over 9.99 was made to my credit card
But I'm unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am indeed unsubscribed
Will I get a refund for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human being.
NAME-M_T:"So what can I do for you NAME-M?"
Why is my store closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant.
🤖 I am here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
And I can't open it anymore
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it says shop closed
Thank you, I succeeded.
Have a nice day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to modify
My account settings?
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,Through the phone}
How would you like to be contacted with one of our agents?
Please bear with me as I connect you with an agent who can help your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello i'm french and I created a Belgian sum up
I don't receive the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I must delete once the Belgian account is active
can you do what is necessary, please
06 68 11 75 30 c is my personal phone number
with which I want to receive the code
Hello I am contacting you to tell you about my dissatisfaction.
I have been playing since PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, and I've always loved the game.
PRS-ORG mode is the mode that has kept me on the edge since PRS-ORG 12.
The facts are that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes by.
The PRS-ORG Champions mode is the mode that made me want to continue, but now it is very difficult to access... rank 3 had a match against rank 2 last week, and I couldn't qualify this week.
I'm hoping for a very soon update for the change in qualification to PRS-ORG Champions, otherwise I'm thinking of not touching the game anymore
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
Good afternoon, my qualification for PRS-ORG champions compromise isn't that great, and it's impossible for me to accumulate 1500 more points and complete the 9 qualification matches before this weekend
How?
Are you going to change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope it will change.
I love the ultimate team mode, I love playing in PRS-ORG champions.
I have the impression that in order to gain access to them and win some big rewards, you have to be a very good player or have a very big team.
Hoping that this changes very quickly, see you soon, otherwise goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope that I'm not alone so that things move quickly.
No, not at all, thank you.
Have a good day, stay strong, and I hope for a very quick update
phone number problem
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help if your questions are brief and to the point, for example “How do I change my email address?”
’’
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please make sure to ask only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one telephone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG application (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since modifying a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant capabilities, I’ll transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I am being asked to complete my profile with a telephone number, but I cannot change the number of my mobile phone
then it's a dom number
PHONENUMBER
so it must be at PHONENUMBER
yes no problem
yes but the code is not arriving
I am asked for the verification code
but this one has been sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want it
but it is the WRONG number
and I'm not allowed to change numbers
for now I have not received any verification code
PHONENUMBER
I'm told that to begin to cash
I need to check my phone number
I have just started your service and there are already problems
Hello, how can I activate alphanumeric on my number?
NAME-M_TEXT:To avoid confusion, please ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and to the point, for example “How do I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can register only one phone number to your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Because changing a phone number is beyond the scope of a virtual assistant, I am going to transfer you to an agent.
Just a moment please...
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I would like to change my phone number
the current number is the PHONENUMBER
And I'd like to change it to PHONENUMBER
Please
great, thanks a lot
No thank you, have a nice day
I would like to speak to an agent
I'd like to talk to an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT: I’m sorry, NAME-F, I didn’t quite get that.
Could you please reformulate your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please hold on a moment while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help you with your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello Mrs. NAME-F, I hope you're doing great..
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, I agree. Thank you
No, it's fine.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello, I'm a PRS-ORG player. I just entered a code at the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points. My points don't show up on my Ultimate Team account.
The thing is that I recently changed the email address of my account and set it to a more recent email address: EMAIL.
The only problem is that the email address on my PRS-ORG account is as follows.
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points will be charged to the wrong account.
CD keys a website.
The code was good because when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked
So, will the PRS-ORG points be transferred to another account?
While I have only one PRS-ORG account
I successfully entered the 25-digit code, which was validated on the PRS-ORG.
Store of my account ALPHANUMERICID
But when I start ultimate team the points are not there
The email address associated with my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the email address for my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL. I just recently updated it
Are PRS-ORG points active on the wrong account?
How to proceed?
Do I have to come back to you for a purchase?
Can't you check which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are on?
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hi, my name is NAME-F, please bear with me as I review your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hi, I am trying to link my store to my domain name.
The indicators are green but the state is still "disconnected"
You didn't understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I added the DNS entry, the lights are green.
but I'm still not logged in.
Does it take a while?
yes?
Okay, noted.
Thank you
I'll wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in on PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account except when I enter my email it doesn't work, so I created this account but it's impossible to put it on the game
I'm calling NAME-F, sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed my PSN address, it seems that I found it, it was my old email
but by marking my old one it doesn't work either to connect to PRS-ORG
my mail address on PSN is the same as the one with EMAIL
it does not work
so in fact we can't play
I don't think that this happens to me, but I would need to surely do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game
having games and not using them is cool
I'm not going to create a special PSN account to play the game, and you won't create several accounts just for a game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, can I ask your first name please to start?
Hello NAME-M
I always see 0 points... even though I have made many purchases
How can I earn points... and what are they for?
I bought a lot of games and kits for PRS-ORG..
and yet, with the time, I have never received any points..
I've never received points...and I've never bought any...
what are they for?
I thought that one could accumulate points when buying from your site.
PRS-ORG points
Thank you and Happy Holidays to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG’s virtual assistant at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example “How can I change my email address?”
”.
Talk to an advisor
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT: So what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to help your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
I wish to speak to a counselor by phone and I cannot manage it
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I do.
I'm tired of calling you every day to check on my account.
I cancel its opening, I retract and open an account elsewhere
yes
I want to close the account
you're talking about the future, and I'd like to close the account now, not in a few days
3 weeks ago the advisor also gave a high priority :)
I already contacted your site
Regency.
A campaign event
delivery
I logged out and then logged back in, but it's still not working
I can't read it
Book bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the 1st page
I am forced to restart PRS-ORG to have access to my home page.
Yes, that's it
That's all right.
Thank you
Great!
Good day
when was my professional account opened?
speak to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I’m here to help you if you have questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the most complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT: I’m NAME-F, I did not quite understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you in your situation...
for my tax declaration, I would like to know the opening date of my professional account?
where do I find the exact date?
no, I opened the pro account afterwards
how do I find this info?
yes
it is for my tax declaration, I need this information!
Thank you
Hello Sir
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
my password no longer works
this is the second in two weeks
and I cannot do a password reset because I never receive your emails...
and I am forced to contact you via chat or telephone to solve this problem
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me once again please?
124876
let's say I'm a regular now, hahaha
I was able to successfully change my password
and I am able to log in to PRS-ORG
thank you
thanks again and bye for now (i hope your servers will manage to memorize my mdp)
Have a great day!
I can't authenticate my mobile
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT: I’m sorry NAME-M, I didn’t understand.
Could you please rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would love to help you with your verification documents, but it's beyond my abilities as a virtual assistant.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I connect you to an agent who can help you with your situation.
Hello my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Yes.
I can't complete the authentication on my current phone
I get the SMS
But the app does not take into account the manipulation
no errors
when I am in the strong authentication menu
I can't validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Thank you also to
May I explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently underway on my PRS-ORG account because I had my account hacked yesterday
Can I still use my account while the investigation is ongoing?
Because I play mostly on PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is rather annoying
Perfect agreement, you don't have any deadline to give me?
Because, well, it's complicated when you have nothing left in your club
Very well, thank you very much
No, nothing at all, thanks
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I want to change my address
I made a mistake on the content
no home address
I was wrong
I'm staying for free with my boyfriend
how can I do
or I have mobile phone bills
or insurance
yes I'm looking
don't send me the PRS-ORG card
until I change the address, please
agreed
I will send the documents shortly
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, “How can I change my email address?
”.
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
hello, I would like to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
As modifying a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant skills, I'm going to transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER my I can no longer access this number
PHONENUMBER
yes, and record how long after
because I can't make the payment into my account
Thank you very much.
no, thanks, your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Your game is starting to make me puff up!
The same problem as the last FUTChamp
this time in my draft
Too many guys quit, so I count that as a defeat, even though it's the guy who leaves
and therefore I do not have my reward, 4 wins in the Draft
and I lost my 15000 credits
Even though you haven't done anything wrong, I lost 2 ranks because of it on my last Futchamp
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
You will still say I will relay the information and you will do nothing?
So?
No, it's him who left
I am on a PC, not a console, I have 600M fiber
and I had no micro-cut because I am on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut
It's him who's leaving
It's just that when too many people leave a match against a player, the game considers it him
This is bullshit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M.
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or the web.
Access, on the other hand, works directly on the game
NAME-M
Could you help me, please sir?
I'm fine, thanks, and I hope you are too
On PRS-ORG, Alor is ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of trying to buy in-game credits on my first account.
So I recreated a PRS-ORG account in order to be able to enjoy the game fully, without breaking the rules this time.
Except that, the access was not put on this new account
I play with the Lyon team while in Lyon mode.
I really like Paqueta, he is very complete for a 81 rating.
I'm making the dec for it to be in POTM right now
And you, your favourite player?
You have good taste, mbappe is a very good player.
He is having a very good start to the season with PRS-ORG
Thank you in advance for taking the time to help me.
Did you find an explanation for my transfer market
I have been playing for several days already and unfortunately nothing has been done yet
Okay, I'll just keep having fun then.
The main thing is to have access to it on console.
But the app is very practical for remote management.
Thank you so much NAME-M in any case.
I wish you a very nice day.
Thank you for your help and kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
Peter
Pretty simply I think
I preordered BF 2042 on 6 October, in the gold edition
And today I got a message when trying to install it saying: "Unfortunately, it seems there was a billing issue with your pre-order"
I'm going to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged "processing"
I only realise that PayPal has never been debited
I am changing my payment method
I wish now that my game was unlocked simply
EMAIL
I can see it but it says "Pre-order failed"
PRS-ORG
It doesn't change the problem
I have just done the operation
And I keep getting Pre-order failure
So you can't just put in another order or something like that?
Because I put my payment details and I still can't see the problem being resolved
I even have a notification in PRS-ORG telling me that I can play
I have rerequested PRS-ORG
I think this is sufficient after cache deletion
And if I restart it, I lose our conversation
Via the chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I have already sent previous messages on this subject.
I just ordered a 2nd box, but it returns to the same account.
How can I do this?
Best Regards,
How do you wish to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please hold a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can assist you in your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:Chat,By Phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
A classic reader at 19€
Yes, I agree to by email.
I have not yet received the case, but everything must be in order for this Wednesday.
So, by receiving it, I can set it up for another account?
I received an e-mail this morning saying that my order was on the way.
My email address is: EMAIL
Thank you
Today’s email was in French, but usually I receive them in Dutch.
Can you change this so that I have all the communications in French?
Thank you
No, it isn't.
At the beginning I was receiving the emails in French, but the last few, no.
I have sent several messages on this subject with no success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Good evening, I'm back because I think I've identified the problem
I "lag" only on PRS-ORG right now and I wanted to see by the accounting level with the server if there is a problem or not
because I have signs that I have packet loss when I looked on teamspeak and I haven't lost anything for 50 min
as you can see on this image
URL
Good evening, I've seen too many bugs and this is my last resort to come to you.
:(
URL here is one of the videos of my problem
URL
And sometimes I have no loss of packets sign in the top but I have lags
Is this a problem with me or the game?
Because I am going crazy
You're going to fix that with a patch, I suppose?
But in how long?
Because I can't play at all under these conditions, and I definitely can't play in a professional club anymore
Thank you, I hope you will like it :)
Have a good evening, thanks.
Good courage for this week
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry.
My device appears to be faulty.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO EXIT FROM ALPHANUMERICID, LOADING FAILED
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who will be able to deal with your situation...
Yes, I want to transfer €180 to my Société Générale account.
APR2S TO RECEIVE MY NAME AND MY IBAN, I CONFIRM
THE TRANSACTION FAILURE
MORE EXACTLY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S I'M WATCHING THE MATCH
LOADING FAILED
I have slow fiber optics in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
hello
I'm getting annoyed with my account being divided into two
j is more hardline
and more access to my other email account
The problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or a has been changed to vinsvodoo (inverse)
or EMAIL
is EMAIL
with PRS-ORG, I never had any problem, it's PRS-ORG that crashes
that is to say
I don't have access to that email account, it's registered to Facebook, but it's more than 15 years old
I spoke to one of your colleagues, and it worked and more.
my real address is EMAIL
I'm getting annoyed, I knew I shouldn't have come back to PRS-ORG
with PRS-ORG I've got it all back in 1h
so you will lose money because I don't buy from you anymore
Hello,
I'm having a major problem reading books downloaded from a library, which is a problem I've had recently.
The book downloads from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the PC and I installed it on my PRS-ORG reader.
I connect the e-Reader to the computer in order to recover the book, the content is imported.
I always eject my reader before disconnecting it from the computer, and I can briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the reader.
Then, when I want to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears saying that my reader is not authorized to open this book because it would need to authorize it again with our PRS-ORG ID and import it again.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, so I have this permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy the book, but I downloaded it from the library.
The latest, today, is N.E.O.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
It seems to me.
Anyway, I'm connected to wi-fi and automatic synchronization is enabled.
I don't know when the last synchronization took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect authorization?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled the permission and reset.
I will try again.
So far I have ADE 4.5.11, and I don't understand why now!
I've been using it for almost 1 year.
What are factory settings?
hello, I did not receive the payment on february 3
I'm missing a payment
I have not received my 3 February 3 payment
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits, and more!
For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for you PRS-ORG?
You have opted for payments to be made to the PRS-ORG Card.
The funds you receive are therefore available on your card the day after a transaction, including weekends.
Note: If the transaction you are expecting was carried out before the card payments were set up, then the funds will be paid into the registered bank account, not onto the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to the method and frequency of payment have no effect on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I'm missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Well, in that case, it seems to me that human intervention is necessary.
Please hold while I transfer you to an agent...
hello thank you
Ok, thank you very much
Ok, thank you very much
no, thank you very much
thank you as well
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hi, as you know the game star wars battlefront 2 is becoming unplayable
no one1 dies2hp because of a bug or godmode hack
you have been aware of this for several days now
the game becomes unplayable
hello?
EMAIL
the problems come from you!
Servers
Thousands of players complain and you make up excuses?...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problems?!!
the devs have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is hacking the servers anyway
thanks for the clients and customer service
awful
no respect for the players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please bear with me while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes.
My terminal is blocked
I am looking for how to send payment request links to customers
I don't have this feature in my app
It's out of warranty.
PHONENUMBER
Did you read my questions?
I'm looking for how to send payment links to my clients
But I do not have payments by link in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, that would really help me
I'm counting on you, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello,
I'm having a problem linking my PRS-ORG account to my PRS-ORG account.
Thank you
You want the email address of my PRS-ORG account, is that it?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
An error has occurred.
An error occurred while processing your request.
Try again later.
For PRS-ORG awards
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the last identity card I received is good.
and how do I set up my bank account?
which one is recorded?
yes, and I returned a CI without any response
I don't have an IBAN ending in 0507
yes
I can't modify it directly on the app
and I've just sent back the identity card... quite urgent, though...
ok.. good bye, I'm sending you my RIB..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm fine, thank you
I need your help, because I have never been lucky on the PRS-ORG game.
I've been playing it since I was 10 years old and I've never been a top player.
My friend has gotten him the Hakimi One To Watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Just a day ago he had NAME-M.
Even though I put money into the game, I bought the preorder to have 4600 PRS-ORG points and I never get any good luck.
I do not know what to do, please help me
I am happy to hear that, but how come my friend has all these players?
It even had an icon in a previewable pack…
Well, tough luck if you can't do anything
Thanks anyway
So, I will definitely stop playing this game
Thanks, happy holidays
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our representatives?
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,Telefon}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
Hi, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello,
I received an invoice by SMS, I would like to receive it by email so that I can get it reimbursed
transaction identifier ALPHANUMERICID 146,95€
EMAIL
I do not want to be refunded by your company.
I just want the invoice in my email.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days now, I've been trying to validate my payment by PRS-ORG card for a purchase I entered all the information, I clicked on continue and register, the visa verification light keeps spinning and gives no response.
I uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but the problem remains.
What's going on?
Thank you for answering me
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I wish to buy the T2
Yes, but usually it doesn't get to the point of payment!
Why now?
What then to do?
right.
Thank you, I'll do it right away
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my blocked account
I want my money on my balance, my account is already closed
Of course
ok, but I've already sent a new bank account where the money will be deposited
yes I am here
yes, i am here
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, can I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I made a mistake with the PRS-ORG account
EMAIL
Yes.
it is linked to no account, I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, but I do not want this, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes, I can't unlock my account
but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
a EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is connected to my PRS-ORG account, I would like to dissociate
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
thank you
Hello,
my terminal is blocked what can I do
For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human being.
So what can I do for you NAME-N?
Unfortunately, when this message appears on your device screen, it means it's defective.
Its security system was triggered, and the lockdown is irreversible.
I am not authorized to process this type of request, so I will connect you with an agent who will be able to perform the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
Could I have a phone number to call please
merci for me it will be easier.
Hello, my terminal is stuck on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
Also, to avoid confusion, please only ask one question at a time.
So what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on your device screen, it unfortunately means that it is faulty.
Its safety system has engaged and the lock is irreversible.
Since we cannot handle requests of this nature, I will put you in touch with an agent who can perform the necessary checks and help to find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I look through your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry, I have customers
I received an error code bk PHONENUMBER
then I plugged it in and pressed the power button
I held to boot then released to boot
he died
I have invalid bk
sorry, I will get back to you as soon as I have more time because I have a client meeting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
I've been disconnected from matches several times and it counts as a loss, even though I win 3 or 4-0.
I will lose rankings, which will hold back my team
I repeat, I have disconnections during team clash matches
I was disconnected and so lost the match even though I was winning the game
it wasn't online
so nothing in common
I'm in Clash of Equiope so it's your game that is making me crazy...
degout
I've had enough, I'm playing the game and getting fooled... I really have the impression that you don't care about players like me
not counting the times where I end up at 8 or 9 hours into the beginning of the match because of a bug...
Hello
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1" by NAME-M but this book is unreadable on the PRS-ORG: none of the usual font sizes is accessible, it's written too small and the print quality is poor...
I am disappointed by this purchase on your platform which, usually, offers me well-prepared books!
I would therefore like a refund of the corresponding €15.99
Thank you in advance
Sincerely,
EMAIL
Nuclei and particles: subatomic physics, vol.
1 of NAME-M bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund on my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No thanks, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I do not receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can I do?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
the fiancées of the pacific
I will try PRS-ORG
I'm connected on my computer but on my e-Reader...
how do I reset my squeezer?
I did not receive an email
ok
I just tested it, and my PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG passwords are correct, but my e-Reader does not recognize my account
There was an update last night and now I don't know how to access it
it told me: connection impossible
it would seem that URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
except I am on the wifi with my computer and I have connected my e-reader to it
I refreshed and it loads...
yes !!!
It is there, he just needed a little more time!...
phew thanks for your help
ok i opened the book i bought yesterday...
Good day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on 14 February, but I still haven’t received it…
February 11th, my bad.
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes on your website
Here is the number of the order form PHONENUMBER
Following up indicates that since February 14th the package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I did place the order with that profile... I received an invoice at the email address I provided
But I have another profile, with the email address EMAIL
But I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to receive the commission at 1.49%
This is it.
The one I'm typing this on
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues in person?
It will be easier orally
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
This is the order number on my invoice.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
Everything is going well thanks despite a technical problem with the PRS-ORG game on PC
Indeed, for over an hour, I can't access the transfer market to buy a player.
how is that possible?
Thanking you in advance and awaiting your reply.
It seems to me that it is a security block implemented by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I'm not one of them.
This is the right one.
when I look at the transfer market of the PRS-ORG
when starting the search for the player I want
it indicates to me
"There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers. Please try again later."
Everything else in the game works except the transfer market, or it tells me this message and kicks me out of the transfer market
very good, thank you
thank you for your advice
Please talk to an advisor
Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
I want to speak to a counselor
Hello, my name is. Please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and no longer have access to the transfer
Which ones, yes?
The code is sent to my old number
That I no longer am
Do you understand?
Hello.
You are the ace
Yes, I am right after
Yes but I'm not the old number
To which email address?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to start?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
And I hope you will too!
While trying to start the 24-hour mission of NAME-M, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it was gone along with all its accessories.
He is no longer in my town and he is no longer on the list…
No, he is on the ipad
No.
The game begins.
I wanted to start the 24-hour mission of NAME-M that requires the PRS-ORG palace, and that's when I found out that this castle is no longer in my town or in my inventory
It was this Boitingham castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but no longer the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Via the chat
{ChatWindowButton:Through the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can assist with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I look through your conversation with NAME-M
hello
I can't verify my identity, can you call me back?
for its verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you.
Can you send me your email address so that I can send you the identity document?
contacted me by email
your message is not shown
leave me a message by email it will be simpler for me thank you
EMAIL
