Hello!
One of the books I bought is not opening up for reading.
When I click on it to read, it closes the app.
It's the only book that is doing that.
EMAIL
The exact date I do not remember, but it was last week, if I remember correctly
I can't leave here to confirm
The Discourse of the Image
NAME-N
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name, please?
NAME-M 😎
I enter a match and when I or the opponent leave the match I get redirected and leave the ut
In all game modes
I don't know if it is disconnection because it has already been like this since 4 in the morning
I was doing the swaps in the buddies
Yes
Because of the swaps on the friends, I was making golden goal
I was missing 2 goals and an assist in depth
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Yes sir
NAME-M
I'm doing well.
Currently, I've been experiencing some problems with PRS-ORG game related to rewards bugs
With the new event that’s happening, it shows that I’ve already completed it and can now redeem all the rewards
But I'm stuck in ALPHANUMERICID
Exactly
I sent the photos.
When I do the missions it already shows that I already completed them all, but I'm still in ALPHANUMERICID
All right
Thank you.
This problem is leaving me a bit upset, as the event's rewards are very good and I am unable to claim them because of this problem.
Everything is okay then
I thought it was just me and I felt a bit happier knowing that you guys have been working to fix this
I'm more calm now, I didn't want to lose the items from this event kk
No, thank you very much
Good Day NAME-N
My name is NAME-M
I have installed the game PRS-ORG in Spanish
And now I can't change it to English
I installed the PRS-ORG game in Spanish and now I can't change it to English.
I did not find any configuration in the game or in PRS-ORG
Thank you
EMAIL
kkkkkk but it’s obvious, my friend.
I thought there would be another way to change without having to download 8GB of game again
But I imagined that there wouldn't be another way
I appreciate it anyway
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-N
Good evening my PRS-ORG the Career Mode is not working but it brings the archives when I open the game
It’s always like it’s the first time
I have to choose the control team and play that match
I have already uninstalled it 3 times, but the problem remains
I saw tips on how to change from assisted to semi-assisted and it worked for a while, but when I restarted the game the bug came back
I lose my save game
I have to do it all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you tell me your name, please?
NAME-M
Hello, my brother did a PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG in my account by accident.
He made a mistake but I'm the one who suffers because he sent my team's players.
Would it be possible to reclaim the players?
I apologize for the inconvenience.
Yes, if it were possible, because it was just a mistake made by my younger brother.
I'm sorry again.
EMAIL
It’s my father’s email, as I’ve been playing PRS-ORG on this account for a long time
And at this point I still didn't have email.
If it could be the staff that would be more convenient.
Thank you anyway.
Good night!
Hello friends, good day.
I went to check now that my 300 bonus didn't enter, poxa I didn't know that it had to be in game above 1.80, I lost because I bet everything, thinking I would have the bonus, there would be no way to release it?
D: Hi, guys, good morning.
Sorry, I didn't see that it had to be above 180
I saw now when I was requesting.
I made the deposit of 300 just to be able to play calmly
I knew I was going to have the bonus
if I lost
so I made a safer bet and I lost, then I asked and it didn't work
Thank you, dear
Oh, no.
Thank you
I thought you could make an exception
it was 300, right?
please
Can't you see?
with the people there
Everything is okay then
until next time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Fine, thank you.
But I'm having difficulty logging into my PRS-ORG mobile account in my browser.
Yes
Yes
I'm always getting an error when I try to connect my PRS-ORG account which is connected to PRS-ORG.
The following error message appears.
I would like more information about this.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
First of all, can you indicate your name for me, please?
Good afternoon!
My name is NAME-F
I can't find the mods folder of the PRS-ORG, I've already started the game and the folder was not created.
I had customized content before, I had to format the notebook and NAME-M put back all the contents
But there isn't the mods folder
When I enter the game, various personalized contents appear, but the folder does not exist
This is it, the folder does not exist
I have already entered where I need to in the PRS-ORG games, the PRS-ORG, but it doesn't have the folder
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To get started, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-F
Good evening.
I can't play The PRS-ORG game because my PRS-ORG appears completely out of focus.
Support told me to use PRS-ORG Firstname Lastname, but it did not work.
I also named the folder The PRS-ORG Old and loaded the game to create a new folder, but it didn't solve it.
I would like to be able to play, but the PRS-ORG appears blurred (the scenario does not)
I was using it, but as it wasn't working, I turned it off and deleted it
And without mods the problem is the same.
It doesn't work, it gets completely blurry the PRS-ORG
There is no mod there
I have already tried and it hasn't solved the problem
Thanks for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
look at the deal this is the PRS-ORG server going down every time today because
This is not how it was
is something happening that we don't know
now the game does not work again
It's nice to meet you.
you can already access ALPHANUMERICID
Hey, it's not working
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I would like you to clarify for me how it is possible that your technicians can not find a solution to my simple problem
I do not have access to the PRS-ORG market in the web app
Just in the web app.
And I already saw what you recommend to do
Already did and waited and nafa
And they say that there is no solution possible?
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
good night
I am having problems with my game
I've already been trying to solve the problem of my game and it doesn't solve the problem of my game
and I would like to refund him
but the deadline for starting the game for the first time has already passed
but I couldn't even play the game
because the game just stays in the menu screens
EMAIL
NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you tell me your name, please?
NAME-F
So, I'm trying to play my PRS-ORG (full version) and now that I have performed for the PRS-ORG system, the PRS-ORG says my system does not support games in ALPHANUMERICID and advises me to contact the developer so that the game can be updated and I can continue playing
That is why I am here to request this help
The email of my account is EMAIL
Yes, after researching I'm aware.
But my contact is a request for PRS-ORG to update the game for more current systems
Thank you NAME-N
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I ask your name please?
NAME-M
I can't download PRS-ORG
Unfortunately, PRS-ORG was unable to download your game.
Check your internet connection and try again.
Other games do not have this error
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Good evening.
My name is NAME-F
I hope you are doing good too :)
I downloaded PRS-ORG again and it's in english, I remember when I played on the other computer it was in portuguese
Unfortunately I couldn’t find the settings
Could you tell me how to put PRS-ORG in Portuguese?
Yes, I am unable to access PRS-ORG in Portuguese.
Thank you so much for your help
Oh, thank you so much!
Do you know if this will have any forecast?
Or if the language change will be automatic?
Thank you very much.
That's it then.
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I please have your name?
I have a PRS-ORG and I play PRS-ORG
I would like to play PRS-ORG draft mode, however, I do not have enough PRS-ORG points to enter nor can I buy them
What can I do?
Yes
And getting normal coins is very hard from such a long time dps
Difficult to see, there is no other way to access the mode
I saw that the servers will end on the 14th
What is going to happen after that
Basically, there won't be any way to play this mode anymore, right?
I can’t open packs in PRS-ORG because the store is not available for any type of purchase.
Even the pack that you get by completing the initial missions is unavailable.
There is no way to open them.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, may you please indicate your name?
Hello my PRS-ORG is blocked
I can't get in without knowing what is happening
I didn't do anything against the rules.
It was an ordinary game.
Yes.
EMAIL
Wait.
Let me check that.
Yes
The computer has a lot, NAME-N.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you tell me your name please?
Good evening
I would like help from more or less 2 months that I bought the PRS-ORG and now it is free!
I need help, I have already had several problems with the game that is freezing a lot and now this loss!
I would like to request your consideration
I bought ALPHANUMERICID in March of this year, and I just saw that it is free
I just spoke to them and they said it is up to you
now it seems I will be pushed aside
I would like someone's help
About the case
yes, but I paid and now everyone has it for free
Ok, I understand your position, I am not satisfied and I'm very sorry for this position.
The game is available for free for all subscribers and I'm paying for it.
I appreciate your attention and apologize for bothering you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
Good day NAME-F, everything is fine?
My name is NAME-M
I would like to see help with the situation I am having with my PRS-ORG
I am fine too, thank you
then, the following happens
ever since I bought PRS-ORG I can't play a game without having some problem related to performance, the FPS falls all the time and when it drops below 60 the game starts to lag
I've already tried following many tips on the internet about how to solve this issue and nothing worked, not even the second patch update that was supposed to fix problems like these, but it didn't work either and I don't know what else to do, but one thing is certain, I can't play the game.
I tried to even ask for a refund of PRS-ORG but since I had already passed more than two hours (two hours that I was trying to get the game to work), they didn't accept.
and I don't know what else to do, and it's impossible to play any game mode\
Hello?
I believe I have done all these processes and the problem persists
not counting the silence of PRS-ORG about these problems and a future update to correct it
because I don't know what to do anymore
ok, I will do it
but let's agree that if the PRS-ORG releases a patch, it will take a good few months ne
what if it works
but thanks for the help
No, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you indicate your name please?
good afternoon
My name is NAME-M
I'm having trouble opening the packages I won
in the store
thank you
are 4 packages ok?
There is an info about a connection and login problem
I have already tried through the app as well and nothing
okay
Okay.
I will wait.
anything I will contact you again
Thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Hello, NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I have a question: how can I buy the PRS-ORG game to offer?
In this case, a code so that the person can download the game on their PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG?
But if I buy it there, do I have a link that I can offer?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start off, can you please tell me your name?
hello
Good evening
I just downloaded the game
By PRS-ORG games
e n can't change the language of PRS-ORG
yes
I can't
it is in english
just a moment
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please give me your name?
Hi, I'm NAME-M
I wanted to put my PRS-ORG account on my pc
how to do it?
okay
Thank you.
aahh
okay
obg
Oh.
obg
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hi, well, I hope you are too, so let's go with my problem. I used to play ALPHANUMERICID on the PRS-ORG platform, then I bought PRS-ORG and another PRS-ORG, the game works fine, the only problem is that I can't play with my friends online, they also have PRS-ORG.
My email registered is:
EMAIL
ID: NAME-N
I already tried everything I know, I already talked to another person by chat, and he was not able to help me.
That's it, I'm not able to play the online mode with my friends.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
PRS-ORG refund
I had a negative experience
with regard to performance on my computer
The app crashes too much.
and it wasn't what I was expecting
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Hi NAME-N!
Here is NAME-F
I need help to access my account PRS-ORG, the code is not arriving in the email
Just got a code here haha
Thank you for your attention NAME-N!
No, that was all I needed.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M, as you know.
good afternoon
Good afternoon
I'm good, thank you for asking.
so my prs-org is not starting
I would like to disconnect my PRS-ORG account from PRS-ORG
I think the problem might be that.
right
EMAIL
please check if this is right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I know your name, please?
Good morning
Hello
I'm well and you?
I would like to change the email that is on my PRS-ORG account
how could I do this?
However, when I send a security code to my email to change it, the message does not arrive.
I'm not receiving the PRS-ORG emails
that's right
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-N
I would like to transfer the account that I recently disconnected from PRS-ORG to another user anda
I unlinked the account from this user thinking that it would be saved at PRS-ORG, but when I opened it again, I lost the account
basically, I wanted to transfer my progress from the PRS-ORG account to another user
and ended up unlinking from PRS-ORG
and I can no longer log into the account
when I log in to PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
it was linked to another PRS-ORG account
and a totally new progress appears
I would like to transfer the progress of this PRS-ORG account to another one
just the PRS-ORG progress
How can I proceed?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you give me your name please?
good evening, my name is NAME-F
I had an account in PRS-ORG, which was deleted by someone else
My account was deleted.
I had the game from PRS-ORG with the code : ALPHANUMERICID
I need help to recover my account
EMAIL
Yes, I need help to recover the account.
it has been a while since I played and I think it has been deleted or banned
Yes.
Email
but that was the email I used
Good afternoon, I made a withdrawal yesterday at 00h and it hasn't fallen, I contacted you and the representative said that there was a delay in the payment, but that she would ask the responsible department to advance my payment, but when I went to my account now, the withdrawal went back to my amulet account, what happened?
NAME-N to withdraw again?
NAME-N: Without title.png
URL: URL
NAME-N: image/png
Size: 298569
NAME-F what did you respond to me in the email
right
yes
but why was it canceled
That is what I want to know
Do I do the withdrawal again?
So it's not my fault at all
This is all ok with my account, right?
no
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Yes, that's correct.
Since yesterday's update, I have not been able to enter the ultimate tem of PRS-ORG
Yes.
But apparently the problem affects all the players from PRS-ORG
I do not have PRS-ORG
In addition, I only have 5 friends
I can't solve the problem
I have goals to meet.
I only have today to get the letter of NAME-N
I only have today to qualify for the weekend league
Not to mention the daily XP I'm losing for not being able to play
But I need to play today
Because I only have until today to complete the objectives
How are you going to solve this situation?
Because I have PRS-ORG will I be at a disadvantage compared to other players???
I will lose important players and points.
That's okay.
I’ll wait.
Thanks for the help.
No.
Thank you for your kind behavior.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide me with your name?
NAME-F I am NAME-M
EMAIL
510034
I had not taken this ban before stopping playing, I go back and I am banned for restricted activity?
I just wanted to play again to kill time, but I'm seeing that I've lost my account for nothing.
NAME-M
NAME-M.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name for me?
hello good evening
Can you help me with a question?
I want to buy the PRS-ORG ...
but to me to play this new map
Am I obliged to purchase the Gold or Ultimate version?
or by buying the basic version can I play it ?
Gold or Ultimate version *
no I just want to know if it's possible to play the new map buying PRS-ORG basic version ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please let me know your name?
good evening
there is no game to download
I sent the attachment
I received notification that it was available
it says it was available at 58 minutes
how can I solve if I have PRS-ORG ?
It is already solved.
would it be necessary to restart the PRS-ORG app
thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-N.
To start off with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG, I had a PRS-ORG, but I did not notice that the version bought was only for him.
Now I upgraded to PRS-ORG and I don't have the game for the new version.
Would it be possible to make it available?
Do I have to buy the game again?
Since the same one costs the same value in both platforms
Alright then.
I won't play it anymore, as I won't pay twice for the same game.
I will wait until next year.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Good evening, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
I would like to denounce two users who use hacks in the online mode of the game PRS-ORG.
The name of one of them is NAME-N and the other is NAME-N
Both of them use commands that the aim automatically goes to the head of the other players and they can see through the walls.
By the way, the server of the PRS-ORG online games are full of users using this kind of cheating.
Unfortunately it is discouraging to play there.
I would like some actions to be taken against them.
The fairest would be their banishment from the platform.
Okay.
I will report on the link that you sent me
Just that, really.
Thank you!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name, please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
My name is NAME-M.
I would like to link my PRS-ORG account to twitch
just that it asks for an access code
in a number that I no longer have
I already tried these cases.
only thing is it is saying it will send the authentication code to a number that I no longer have
and it is not the number I have linked
I have used
he took me to the place where I reported the problem
it asks for a verification code
and it says that it will send it to a phone number
that I no longer have
and I even changed the number on the PRS-ORG account a while ago
Ok
thank you very much for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
I would like to have a telephone contact to speak with you
My account has been hacked and you say there is nothing suspicious??
I'm not okay.
You're playing with the clients
I am not liking this situation at all.
Good to say that it was me who did what happened to my account?
Yes I was hoping to get in touch with someone by call
Please
You do not have a contact number to call??
My email is EMAIL
I already know you will tell me that no one has logged into the account
But did they enter my account?
Ok thanks
No thank you just that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I take your name please?
Hi, how are you?
My name is NAME-M
I bought all of the PRS-ORG points and jewelry to gain the NAME-M, and once again the player did not come!
The last promotion didn't come either
I made a complaint
And I did not get any refund and I did not win anything
Just losses.
Now the promotion of the same is missing from the store!
But it was already reported last time
This is the second time in a row
I'm losing money
The assistant told me that I was the first to report it
Now it still keeps happening
But just reporting doesn't resolve what happened
How do I ask for a refund?
Okay.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M
I have already talked to one of your colleagues about the game that is missing from my library and after doing what he told me, the game is still missing.
And I work and go out every day at 20 and it's quite difficult to have an online conversation that resolves the situation given that I don't have access to my pc right now
EMAIL
The missing game and PRS-ORG
Game bought on 26-11 at PRS-ORG
I have already restarted, I have already gone to the dat app, I have already deleted the files that your colleague told me to delete, and still I don't have the game
I have the proof of payment from the bank and PRS-ORG as the game was bought and since I have 30 hours in it.
It was paid 47.99€
I was able to start using PRS-ORG
Since I am not at home I could not login, as soon as I arrive I will check it out!
Thank you !
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
good evening, my name is NAME-M
I need some help because my PRS-ORG is reading my controller as a PRS-ORG
However, my control is PRS-ORG
in PRS-ORG it's reading my controller as PRS-ORG, however my controller is PRS-ORG and the controller's settings in PRS-ORG are also PRS-ORG.
However, when I open the game, it became like PRS-ORG
before it was normal, I already tried everything to fix it but it doesn't work
was
it changed to PRS-ORG out of nowhere
and it won't come out no matter what I do
I took a print to show that it is marked as a PRS-ORG control in PRS-ORG
Where can I send it to?
now it's back to normal
thank you very much
have a good night
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M, I have 38 players listed for transfer in my PRS-ORG.
However, they appear with the "tick" of sales, but I did not receive the coins, nor can I withdraw them.
They're just frozen there.
I need gold letters to make the PRS-ORG
Did you get it?
So, the 38 players are stuck there in my transfer list
The amounts are low.
They are gold players with a maximum overall of 79, around 1500 per player.
They are listed there.
all are gold, rare or common.
I would have to add up the values of each player and I did not do that
But it's the second time you've made a mistake with me.
Time goes by and nothing is done.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
hello good afternoon
my PRS-ORG won't open
That always happens when I update the operating system
I bought it from PRS-ORG
My name is NAME-M
EMAIL
it simply won't open
I have already disabled my antivirus
I already messed with the app data
and nothing helps
I already did that, buddy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-N
NAME-N, when I click to play multiplayer mode the game closes
In just a few seconds
What could it be?
PRS-ORG
I downloaded it from PRS-ORG, but it obliges you to use PRS-ORG to play it
I wish I could send you a video of what's happening
right, I downloaded PRS-ORG, the game starts normally, campaign mode works normally
only the multiplayer that does not
but the campaign works normal, I can play normal
This error only affects the multiplayer
actually it's not even an error, the game just closes
I will try to uninstall and reinstall it
no
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Good afternoon
I can’t unlink my prime gaming account
I wanted to put my new account
If you can help me
EMAIL
This is my PRS-ORG account
Ok I'll wait thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
Why does PRS-ORG have a garbage server?
DO NOT ASK A QUESTION
JUST READ
NAME-N, anyone who can read
And what is the problem that I said?
I didn’t say it was my internet, it’s not my pc
AND THE SERVER OF PRS-ORG IS A JUNK
NAME-N, all the attendants say that same thing
until today the server remains trash
Soon?
NAME-N what a joke
Years and years of consumers complaining
PRS-ORG being greedy, doesn't buy a server
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
I went online to draft
and came
2 NAME-N sent the attached image
this being impossible
Right
I'm afraid I can't help you with that.
In this case
I will take other actions against the company
we pay to have a product, and since there are PRS-ORG points that cost real money, I feel like I have been wronged
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please let me know your name?
Why is the game so buggy after the update...PRS-ORG
When is the next update to find out why until then it is not good enough...
Player stops running out of nowhere...defender jumps in front of the attacker.side runs twice as fast as the wingers.
I do all the dmes all of us first days play in the other do not find themselves in the field
I'm not complaining about the gameplay
Wl I do 8x1 9x1 this one I did 4 in distress can not play like this.
I want to know when is the next PRS-ORG update???
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Yesterday I talked to NAME-M about my account that got hacked
she helped me, but I can not log in to my PRS-ORG account
I have already changed my password several times
I cannot get into the account, which is tied to the PRS-ORG account
My NAME-M closed and I could not get in touch again
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you give me your name please?
Nice to meet you.
I have a question about PRS-ORG.
I see you talking about becoming verified in the PRS-ORG.
To become verified is to reach the elite division of PRS-ORG?
Okay.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
Good day, my name is NAME-M
I have doubts regarding the PRS-ORG packs with problems
I saw that whoever made the player picks for PRS-ORG and took PRS-ORG are going to get the player picks again
However, who did the PRS-ORG player pick and took away PRS-ORG will receive the player pick again?
I got a PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG pack
I understand. In that case, how long will it take before I receive it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
I'm fine thank you.
I subscribed to PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG to play PRS-ORG but it doesn't look like to acquire without purchasing
I can get the PRS-ORG and others but not the PRS-ORG
Let me check.
I do not see this game
I have just checked the list of games on PRS-ORG and all the PRS-ORG are on PRS-ORG including PRS-ORG
Except for PRS-ORG that is not in the PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
NAME-M
I contacted you just now because I have the same account on PRS-ORG and the PC, but on the PRS-ORG it gave me a different name
On the PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG, I have a team on the PRS-ORG since 2016.
When I accessed the account in PRS-ORG, but on the PC, it appeared with a different name
PRS-ORG name - NAME-N
PRS-ORG PC name - ALPHANUMERICID
Email is the same - EMAIL
Yes exactly, and I want to keep the PRS-ORG account here on the PC.
Yes, I played PRS-ORG when PRS-ORG offered it a few months ago.
Here on the PC
Yes I know, but when I started PRS-ORG here on the PC, it found my PRS-ORG account, and I received the prizes for continuing to use my account to play.
Besides PRS-ORG, I had never played PRS-ORG on PC.
Yes, it is possible.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please let me know your name?
Good afternoon NAME-M
I am NAME-M.
I was playing in the weekend league and was winning 3x1 when my rival abandoned the match
But I did not win the victory
Can you check it?
EMAIL
Should I have won the match right?
No
I believe the second to last
It was 3x1
Ah okay then
But will it be counted as a victory?
I understand.
Thank you.
No.
That's all
Thank you!!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon
My son is trying to play PRS-ORG and when I put the email it doesn’t go forward
It doesn't move forward
ValéEMAIL
Everything in lowercase with no accents
How do I do that?
Kkkkk
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
I just bought PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG website
I redeemed the PRS-ORG points on the PRS-ORG website
But it is not showing up there in the game
Here it appears that I have 55 available Reais
But how do I put it on the PRS-ORG?
That's right
CREDITCARD
this is what I bought from PRS-ORG
But what happened?
I was able to redeem the points in my account
the value
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Good Afternoon !!
I would like to see if you guys can delete my PRS-ORG account?
Because I'm trying to log in but it says that there's a problem with my account.
I want to uninstall and start all over again
I can't open my PRS-ORG in PRS-ORG games
also
It says "Something went wrong...
There is a problem with your account
I will log into my PRS-ORG, my email will be unlocked and the app will open
Only that I can’t link the PRS-ORG and I can’t open the game
I already uninstalled the app and the game and installed it again
Still did not solve it.
I really need your help, this is the second time I'm talking to you today
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure to meet you
So, I've been away for a while and I can't get into my old account
I have a certain doubt about the email, I believe it is, EMAIL
But when I ask to recover the password, I don’t receive the email
As PRS-ORG is a very old site, it has gone through many changes so much so that I had to reactivate my email now
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please let me know your name?
Hi.
Please, I'd like to cancel my PRS-ORG subscription.
I'm trying to cancel my subscription from the billing page, but the cancellation option is not appearing
The email associated is EMAIL
I already had everything cancelled through PRS-ORG for my PRS-ORG subscription.
A doubt: if I sign the PRS-ORG through the PRS-ORG, will the progress in the other games that I had through the PRS-ORG continue?
Or would I start all over again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask for your name, please?
hello good afternoon
Then I am having a problem with the PRS-ORG app
I can't download the PRS-ORG
the msg appears: there was a problem with your download
something went wrong with your download.
Please wait a few minutes and try again.
Yes
so I can only do it through PRS-ORG
I'll do the procedures here
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
Likewise, NAME-M.
I made a PRS-ORG saying "PRS-ORG Player Choice", but received a PRS-ORG.
But I only made the PRS-ORG because I thought I would receive a player pick if I knew I would get a package I would not have made it.
Is there anything that can be done?
Are you still there?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
My name is NAME-M.
I was playing a match of PRS-ORG when my opponent quit the game after taking a goal
As soon as I left the match, a message appeared saying that the match was under review
I tried to enter the game mode again and I couldn't, a message appeared saying I don't have the right to play that mode.
Appears in rivals and PRS-ORG
You normally log into PRS-ORG
No, I want to end it, there are 7 games left, but I can't play.
I think I was banned injustly
1 minute
EMAIL
NAME-N
Ah perfect, I was scared I had been banned kkkkkkkkk
Thanks for your help 👍🏻
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
This is my login on the game, my account was banned by PRS-ORG, I had not played for a while and I noticed that some coins had disappeared
I think I was hacked!
I have been playing since 2012 and have never done anti-gaming!
I need you to check for me what is happening
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
then I am having a problem with entering PRS-ORG
one time it says it's a problem from PRS-ORG and another time it's the servers
I already went several times on the sites
and it never works
what do I do
what should I do
it worked now
thanks for the help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Hello NAME-M, good day!
My name is NAME-M.
Nice to meet you!
NAME-M, yesterday I bought PRS-ORG through my phone, through the PRS-ORG app, when I got home, I logged into the game and the PRS-ORGs were not there
I bought them again through the game and it worked!
The 500 PRS-ORG from the second purchase were lost
But the first purchase did not give me the PRS-ORG in the game
Yes!
It has already been 24 hours.
I bought it yesterday at 10:05.
Damn, I feel cheated by the loss of these PRS-ORG
I understand!
I'm going to get in touch with PRS-ORG, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-F
How are you?
I am trying to buy PRS-ORG points, and when I go in to see the PRS-ORG points options a message appears
It's not possible to add PRS-ORG points at the moment
Try again later
It was a few days ago, it had never happened before
PRS-ORG, PRS-ORG
Sorry, I didn’t understand.
Is the server blocked from buying PRS-ORG points for PRS-ORG 18?
I understand, so it is a temporary problem.
If in 24 hours I can’t, I will contact you again.
Thank you for your attention
We recently made the purchase of 24 e-books by the app PRS-ORG and paid with a credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase?
Waiting.
EMAIL
03/03/2021
Recently we made the purchase of 24 e-books via the PRS-ORG app and paid with a credit card.
I would like to know if a NF will be issued for this purchase??
Awaiting.
Will you issue a NF for the purchase we made through the PRS-ORG app?
For every sale of a product, a NF is generated right?
I would like to know if you will email me the NF of the purchase of 24 e-books that we just completed
HOW ABOUT THAT?
You don't have a partnership with PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you please tell me your name?
Good evening NAME-M.
I was already talking with another agent, but my connection went down
I'm fine, thank you for asking
My PRS-ORG game has a bug, where the icon marker is moving without me touching the control
I have already changed the controller and it still has the same bug
Yes.
When I start the game the arrow to select icons keeps changing positions without stopping, and all of this without me touching the controller.
I have already used different controls and still the bug remains.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Can you help me?
I already have PRS-ORG linked in the PRS-ORG account
I was already playing PRS-ORG normally...until yesterday
today I can't log into PRS-ORG anymore, says: sorry but an error occurred connecting to PRS-ORG
EMAIL
I already formatted the pc to see if it would come back... and it doesn't work at all.
I'll send a print screen
just came back to work
Did you make any changes?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Good evening
I can not link my account to PRS-ORG
I put my email and password but the code doesn't come to my email
EMAIL
this above is the main one
the secondary one is EMAIL
but there is no option to use the secondary to link
I was able to put in this code that you sent
obg
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
NAME-F, my name is NAME-M.
I am experiencing a particular problem
on my PRS-ORG
I am having a problem
that when I try to change the graph of the shadow details, to deactivate it, it goes back to the bottom out of nowhere
I just want to leave it desactivated, but I can't
EMAIL
here is the email
It must be some technical problem, NAME-F. I tried uninstalling the game and reinstalling, formatting the PC, and it didn't work at all.
it still gives the same problem
NAME-F?
that was a long time ago
almost a year already
This is not the problem
the problem is in my game graphics
it's only the "shadow detail [lighting]" that keeps changing to the lowest by itself
even if I want to leave it inactive
NAME-M, I hope to get a response from you as soon as possible.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Hello 😸
My 10/10/10 badge did not count
Each one of the team has to kill 10 people to get it, we got it but it didn't count
PRS-ORG game
I have photo and video if that helps
What data do you need?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, may I ask for your name, please?
Hello good day
My name is NAME-M.
My account is linked with the email EMAIL
Last night I bought 1050 PRS-ORG and they have not entered my account yet
PRS-ORG ID
E-mail EMAIL
I bought them directly from the PRS-ORG store
The direct purchase from the game was giving an error
I opened the PRS-ORG menu, went to the store, searched for PRS-ORG points and bought the ALPHANUMERICID points option for 49 reais
That value that the account has the PRS-ORG signature stays
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Yesterday I renewed the PRS-ORG subscription but it entered in duplicity.
I want to cancel one of the charges
The membership is for PRS-ORG
I made the purchase on PRS-ORG itself
in the PRS-ORG app
ok then
Thank you
that's it
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
good dua
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
I need to inform you that the request was received.
.. it's missing to test if I can download it
and to know if the booklet that came in the PRS-ORG works
where do I print?
with the instruction manual
I bought version 4
without limitations of the free one to be released on the 18th
has already appeared in the download environment
but I need to know where the manual is for download with the license of use and instructions
too
would be like downloading starting and the manual of instructions equal to the PRS-ORG
I bought it in physical media
and the manual of instructions
yes
no more thanks
good day and good work
That's all.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, good evening!
I would like to request my rivals reward as I have completed the 8 weekly wins
My name is NAME-M
My email is EMAIL
Oh yes 🙌🏻
Okay
Thank you for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I sent the picture of the error when trying to enter.
I was playing online and in the middle of the game, my internet went down.
I am trying to reconnect, but I can't
I sent a photo of the error
I would like to enter the PRS-ORG menu
Need to connect to the PRS-ORG server
I'm restarting the console
PRS-ORG console*
And I will try again
I think I did it right 🤞🤞
That was it
Thank you very much for your help
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, could you please provide your name?
I bought PRS-ORG
It did not fall.
I have already attached exactly as you ask for
and I need them to be put in manually
as I want to buy something that has a time limit to buy it.
PRS-ORG
EMAIL
dude I'm gonna miss the promotion and I'm gonna sue you.
second call that I open and you guys with this crap
The proof has already been sent, it was supposed to be in my account
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I know your name, please?
Hello friend
I was banned and wanted to use my email again for another account
I want you to delete my account
Yes
Delete everything
I want to use that email again, friend.
EMAIL
the account has already been deactivated and you keep the email retained
My PRS-ORG account is from this email, I can’t play PRS-ORG in it because you are retaining my email
How to change it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
So NAME-F, good afternoon!
I'm having a disconnect problem, or DC as it's better known, in my account
It is not my internet because I never get disconnected from the PRS-ORG server, only from the games
And this is harming me a lot, especially in the PRS-ORG's, especially because it's very important not to lose matches for nothing in order to try to get a higher rank, so now that I'm getting disconnected like this every week, what do I do?
So, I'm having a disconnection problem
Facing**
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good afternoon, how are you doing!!
So it seems that today there is an update on the game, right?!
I have a digital PRS-ORG
The game updated normally, however, when I started, the game gave an error
I've already uninstalled and reinstalled it
But the error still persists
I can't play, there is always an error message
I have the photo
You may keep
I will wait.
I even thought about restoring my PRS-ORG, but I have another game here, and it is all ok
Only the PRS-ORG itself gave an error after this update, and it's not working
Do you think you can release it today?
Or do you give some kind of deadline?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To start, can you please indicate your name for me?
NAME-M
Thank you
My PRS-ORG account has been suspended from the transfer market
Account : ALPHANUMERICID
However I am not in any scheme to buy and sell currencies
Correct
Sure
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
My name is NAME-M
I wanted to change the PRS-ORG account that is tied to my PRS-ORG account
I had linked an account of PRS-ORG in my PRS-ORG account, but it is from my cousin, and I subscribed to PRS-ORG and that is why I want to switch one account for the other
I want to link another Prime account
However, I can't do it because it says that I can't link another account
But I don't want to use the 2, I just want to put the prime that I signed
I want to link another prime gaming account to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I bought the PRS-ORG and it does not load.
It gets stuck on the loading screen of the story mode
My pc meets the requirements to play and I have already tried to lower the graphics as far as possible to try to load
So what's left is to wait for it to be corrected?
Is there nothing else I can do?
I want to play the game
It turns out that earlier this year, the same game was on sale and I bought it and I had the exact same problem.
I refunded because I thought it was a hardware problem.
Will I have to wait another year to play the game?
8 months have passed and the problem has not been resolved
it's difficult to trust in your word that it will soon be resolved
What a joke
But ok
There's nothing I can do
Thank you for at least letting me know
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
I'm not able to start a game.
It was after I had done a DME that this error began...
Today in the morning I was playing normally
Now at night it is having problem
The message that I am having a connection problem with PRS-ORG appears
And from there it returns to the main menu
I can't start a game in any game mode.
I've already done a test and everything is okay
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
Is my account ok?
Are others also having this problem?
How do I solve this?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I'm not able to play PRS-ORG.
I have the PRS-ORG subscription of PRS-ORG, the same includes PRS-ORG
As it turns out, when I opened the game, the error appeared, which I attached the images
Just a reminder that this is the 10 hour evaluation time
I even managed to get access to the game earlier.
But now I am trying and the error described appears.
Please tell me to verify my subscription, it is still active until the 2nd of the next month
Okay
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
My name is NAME-M
Everything is well, yes, and how about you?
I'm having problems with accessing the PRS-ORG mode and some friends are also having this same problem
How nice!
☺️
Yes, I even sent it at the beginning of the conversation.
A photo of what appears
Could not connect to PRS-ORG.
Try again later.
This message that appears
The PRS-ORG game is another profile.
I play PRS-ORG on one account and PRS-ORG on the next one
EMAIL
It's the e-mail
Yes, yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
NAME-M
I am still having problems launching the game
I have problems with starting the game.
the anticheat is causing a problem
there appears a so-called memory dump in the error message
I got in touch earlier and was told that you would fix this issue immediately
and I signed up to PRS-ORG just so I could play the game today
I want to know when I'll be able to play the game
Yes, I have tried restarting my PRS-ORG App or PRS-ORG App.
I have tried many things already
and nothing solves it
you must already be aware of this problem
then, what is the solution?
Is the problem in the anticheat then?
Should I do anything on my computer?
Ok
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please provide your name?
NAME-M
I can't play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG
A message appears saying I do not have permission
Yes.
It says I don't have the necessary right to access this resource
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I ask for your name please?
My name is NAME-F.
I was talking to another operator and the chat dropped
regarding my last open case with PRS-ORG
No, I bought the PRS-ORG at his event!
however shortly after you nerfed it and it is unplayable, my request was if you could exchange my PRS-ORG for the new wraith one!
because I deeply regretted buying his PRS-ORG and you nerfed the doll
I would really appreciate it if you could help me
I was talking with another attendant but he dropped, he said he was going to check with the team
attendant*
yes or a refund to buy from wraith
New from wraith
PRS-ORG is the game I love the most, the one I play the most since season 1
I would be very grateful if you could help me.
pox
Not even a code to try to buy the new heritage?
I wouldn't call if it came off of the saw
seer
You give so much code to those streamers who live talking bad about the game and we, the game lovers, end up being prejudiced by the nerfs on the bots.
I would be playing with him if you hadn't killed him
now I spent and I regret it and ngm can help me
a code you would be helping me complete what is missing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hey, my account was invaded or my phone was hacked, I don't know, and my players were sold, my coins disappeared, and I was banned from the market
I was very focused on my account and now this has happened, I am discouraged
I am already trying to contact you, give me 5 star attention, support only sends email that does not revert the situation
Case
My account is already old and never had a ban, it wasn’t me
And to start, another account does not work, I already have a good team and my PRS-ORG account is linked.
Help me please
I'm desperate
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk. My name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name, please?
My name is NAME-M.
this problem has been persisting for a week
I'm very angry
When I start the anticheat, the message appears: "Could not be started.
It's necessary to have the administrative access; this problem has been going on for a week.
I need a response urgently.
YES GIRL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name?
Hello, NAME-F.
Hello, NAME-M.
So, I took advantage of the 70% off that PRS-ORG is giving, and decided to acquire the PRS-ORG.
NAME-F, I installed it but when I run the game I came across these error messages... I don't know what they mean or how to solve them...
I sent the attached print at the start of the chat.
Yes, correct.
I open the game by the icon on the desktop, it opens the PRS-ORG page, also starts by PRS-ORG, and the errors appear that I sent in the print.
Did NAME-F get access to the print that I sent?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
I've already reinstalled PRS-ORG and the PRS-ORG app but PRS-ORG won't open.
The PRS-ORG App opens twice and does not open the game.
It was normal until yesterday.
Correct.
I have already looked for all the tutorials that you have.
I am left with the option of formatting the computer...
Even the last representative sent 3 links to my email which I had already accessed before.
EMAIL
this is associated with my PRS-ORG account, where the purchase was made.
There is no error message.
It simply does not open.
It doesn't even get to open PRS-ORG
The PRS-ORG App simply closes and reopens in offline mode
OK
they were the same links that you sent me last time
I already accessed and it didn't solve the problem
I guess I will have to try to format my computer, because even you do not know why
Thanks for nothing
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please tell me your name?
Hello my friend, are you ok?
Hello my friend, how are you?
I am.
I bought PRS-ORG a few minutes ago, but I didn't enjoy the game that much
so I wanted to ask for a refund
Can you help me with that?
Of course, one moment, my friend
EMAIL
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Good evening!
My name is NAME-M
I was thinking about buying the PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG, but I can't tell if my PC has the requirements to run the game
My processor is PRS-ORG(R) Core(TM) ALPHANUMERICID CPU @ ALPHANUMERICID   2.40 GHz
and I have 8 GB of RAM
but the graphics card is
Yes, but the graphics card only has Nvidia or PRS-ORG
My graphics is Intel HD graphics 520
Can I run the game?
Ah, ok.
Well, it seems that I will have to invest in a video card.
Thanks for the help!
thank you
That's it for today!
Have a good rest of the day and good work!
thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
I am NAME-M
I was playing PRS-ORG and the server fell
Am I going to lose the game ?
Yes but will I get the PRS-ORG entry back ?
I can't connect
The server is down
My internet is perfect
The server fell when I was in the game
I want to know if I will receive my entry to PRS-ORG returned?
More, I am not the only one who can't log in
Everyone I know is not managing to log in
It wasn't a problem with my internet
It was a problem with the server on your end.
I just don’t want to lose the match because of that
I just want the PRS-ORG entry back
Okay
Just that
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I ask your name please?
I want my refund
of the game I purchased from PRS-ORG
I can't play
the game has an error and I can't enter it to play
have conditions, but do not want a refund
3 days that I can't get into the game to play
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
Name-M birth
Good evening, how are you?
I'm contacting because I deleted my team and I want to see the possibility to see it again
NAME-N this game makes me nervous kkkk
This same thing.
Ultimate time
Club Name the Wizard Troop
Okay
EMAIL
Hmm, okay, so I’ll be ending my participation in the PRS-ORG.
Thank you very much for trying
Good evening NAME-F everything is good, God bless you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Everything is okay?
My house in the PRS-ORG disappeared
I was contacted now and they asked to follow a troubleshooting step by step via PRS-ORG
I had to restart the computer and I lost the dialog, but it didn't work
I didn't use any corrupted item, only the ones from the package,
It disappeared a while ago, I opened a request for solution, after a while, the update appeared and it came back
I created the family and when I was going to put them in the house, it had disappeared again
Is that right.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, my question is about PRS-ORG.
The 10 o'clock of PRS-ORG only counts when the game is open
Or does it count from the first moment the game is open
Plus if I close the game and do something else the trial continues
Or only when the game is open?
If I turn off my PC, does the time still continue?
If the game is completely closed
The time still keeps going
Or only if the game is open.
Okay, thank you very much
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Pleasure.
I'm tremendously desperate because yesterday I logged into my account and I noticed that practically all my coins have been withdrawn.
Approximately 1 million and 100 thousand coins.
I don't know what to do about this!
That is why I came to ask for help
My email address is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening, I just contacted the support because I had a problem with the download of my purchase.
I just made the purchase again and it gave me the same problem
My name is: NAME-M
Nice to meet you.
I continue to have a problem downloading the PRS-ORG package for The PRS-ORG that I purchased.
I am using the PRS-ORG App.
Could it be a problem with the app?
I succeeded in downloading
I cleared the app cache.
from the PRS-ORG App in the "Recovery of the application" option
It worked .
Thank you so much!
Good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may you please indicate your name?
NAME-F
I bought a game and I can't download it, can you help me?
I installed the PRS-ORG application on my computer
I purchased The PRS-ORG World Collection
EMAIL
I am not getting an error message, I want you to teach me how to download the game through the PRS-ORG app
it only appears (YOU ALREADY HAVE THAT ADD-ON)
But I do not know how to download the game
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I already have a level 500 PRS-ORG account
but I want to play on the pc and link the same account
when the cross progression comes, will it be wrong to lose my things from the PRS-ORG account?
the game is PRS-ORG legends
but I play on pc now
with the same email.
etc
will there be some future problem?
I am a writer and I own the rights to the book The Fairy and the Wizard
URL
You can't sell them!
o a company that put the book there can not sell it ... please remove it ...
I do not speak as a user.
I speak as a writer and owner of the rights.
you are human
I want to talk to a human
Thank you, I'm going to open a case there
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please give me your name?
Hello Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
After several attempts to solve this problem of mine, I decided to get in touch with you.
When starting the PRS-ORG, it gives me an error called: "Secure Boot error".
I tried everything I could find on the internet to solve it, but it was all in vain.
Basically, you're my last chance
I have not done this.
Would you like me to do that?
just give me a minute, please, i'll be quick
Unfortunately it still gives the same error
After following all the steps, the same error appeared again when I started PRS-ORG
Yes, unfortunately I can't open packs with PRS-ORG POINTS in the PRS-ORG App Companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Hi, I am having trouble connecting to rivals
It's been more than 15 hours.
I am able to log in and play rivals
A warning is appearing, it's been more than 15 hours
Yes, that's correct.
I already contacted support and they said the problem would be fixed quickly
However, the problem still remained
That's okay, what about the rewards?
Since there is still 1 game left for me to get and there are 12 hours left for Rivals to end
It's all good
And would I be able to get those packages later on?
For it is the progress of the whole season, there are 89 games to get the best reward, and I am not able to play to get the game 90
It's frustrating for us to play a whole season and not get rewarded
Even more so at such an important event like the TOTY
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Hello!
so, a while ago I deleted my gmail which was part of a PRS-ORG account and nowadays I can't have access to my old account just because I deleted my old gmail
How could you help me?
this account by which I am speaking now and my Gmail act, that is, I want to try to recover my old account
that is registered in this gmail
EMAIL
this old Gmail was deleted and I forgot to change it in the PRS-ORG before deleting it, and I had games there
such as bf4 and others
would there be a way to recover the account from PRS-ORG?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I ask your name please?
NAME-M
so, NAME-M.
today I bought and downloaded the game NAME-F and after the installation it won't open.
It keeps giving the following message: "An error occurred that caused an initialization failure.
I tried again later."
no, it's installed.
But it does not open when I start it...
Yes
Good evening, please delete my account.
Because then I liked the amuletobet
I found a better betting house
The URL agile and bonus and in the withdrawal
I can't play with such platforms
I am sorry but I cannot.
Bonus denied
Therefore, I would like my account to be deleted, I don't want any bonuses, I have already decided, and that's that.
I do not want it anymore, I found another betting house that is better, and I value that very much, and so does my way.
Bye for now, thanks.
For the exclusion.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
I bought PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG and when I started PRS-ORG my game is not in the library, when I start through PRS-ORG I am redirected to PRS-ORG to activate the game code, but I did not receive any code, it gives an access denied error, I have a print of the proof of purchase
Yes
Actually, I bought it by PRS-ORG, I did not know that it had a code
but when I start the game I'm redirected to PRS-ORG and it asks me for the code
I entered in contact with PRS-ORG and they directed me to the PRS-ORG website and now I am lost, one is sending me to the other.
And here on the website itself it says that I can contact you
I lost my code and I didn't install it through the PRS-ORG app or PRS-ORG!
What should I do?
If you lose your product key, contact us so we can help.
It is possible that you may be asked for proof of purchase, so have this available.
this is a topic I found interesting
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please give me your name?
NAME-F
My pleasure
I purchased the PRS-ORG game, but I can't access it
I teach the email but I can't complete it
I can't go forward and use it
Thank you so much
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Please help me.
I got hacked and, as far as I can see, they deleted my PRS-ORG club.
I invest a lot of money and PRS-ORG points and can not lose my account like this.
As I sent you the photo in the attachment this morning, I tried to enter my PRS-ORG companion app and I don't have a club.
Can you help me?
What can you do?
Thank you for your help in advance.
I last played on Tuesday night.
Yesterday I didn't play because I worked all day and today when I wanted to enter the club this morning it said the club didn't exist.
Okay thanks for the info
So you are saying that is the case and I have not been hacked
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I am trying to link a PRS-ORG account
however it says another is already linked
I tried to unlink an account from PRS-ORG, but it says it is already unlinked
EMAIL
That is the e-mail I want to link
what is shown as linked is the EMAIL
I was not using the old one
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please provide me with your name?
Good evening
My name is NAME-M
I am unable to enter my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG game
The application closes as soon as I enter the option to put my account
Yes
Yes, I've already tried restarting the device.
I already uninstalled and installed the app
And again the problem persists
No
The game was recently installed
The game has been recently installed.
Ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
My name is that
I am doing great.
I'm not able to log into the PRS-ORG mobile
In the case of my account
The error is that I can't login because it simply doesn't show up
Only a dark image remains
And then it only loads
Thank you for trying to solve this for me, I appreciate it a lot
Yes I am using the PRS-ORG phone
CREDITCARD
That is the ID that I was using
NAME-M
the email is EMAIL
I have already been attended in the protocol PHONENUMBER
nothing helped
The game just closes every time I open it
either by PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG
I have already reinstalled, I have already done everything.
and it continues to not open
from the black screen
Exactly.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
Hello, NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M and I was talking to PRS-ORG when the window closed.
It's equally a pleasure
I accessed the draft offline with 15 thousand coins but I did not even select the difficulty.
My energy dropped and I lost the coins without disputing the draft.
May I help you?
EMAIL
Thank you
Unfortunately that doesn't solve the problem.
There are no rewards once the draft was not even disputed but the PRS-ORG took my 15 thousand coins.
There is nothing else I can help you with.
Regrettable.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please let me know your name?
NAME-M
unfortunately I'm not feeling very well
my account is advertising my players and items in PRS-ORG
doing sale and buy without me asking !!!!
I don’t know if someone is logging into my account or if it’s some kind of bug.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
My account email is saying that there isn’t one
PRS-ORG
However, there is an entry.
My email is EMAIL
I just want to recover the account
It enters normally in PRS-ORG
On the PRS-ORG app
No
I believe so.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
I can not make the payment of the packages, it gives not authorized even though I have credit in the card
EMAIL
pass the card, normally
seconds later
the purchase is charged back
I tried 2 different cards
what should I do?
Try again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you please give me your name?
My name is Shitty Indian
I’m off to take a drink in your ass, you piece of shit!
This company had to explode with all of you inside, you are going to get fucked
Disgusting handicap of this game
Always favoring the worst ones.
If the son of a bitch plays badly or has a shitty team the problem is his damn problem.
Then you guys come and fuck up the game with this handicap.
Tell me, NAME-N, are you not ashamed to work in this company???
Do you have no shame to work for PRS-ORG?
How long do you need to answer a simple question?
My question is: don't you feel ashamed to work for PRS-ORG?
It's a very simple question: yes or no?
Well based hahaha they brainwashed you, friend
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hi good evening, my PRS-ORG is not loading. Would there be any link where I could sign in?
To not use the application
I was able to access the link, but can I play PRS-ORG through this application?
Opa, desse link
Same in the PRS-ORG
How so?
:C
When I click on PRS-ORG it takes me to the PRS-ORG tab, but there are options to download the PRS-ORG
The PRS-ORG not working?
Oh my God
and now?
I already uninstalled and reinstalled and nothing
So I go into the PRS-ORG program that I have installed on the computer, but it opens the PRS-ORG that doesn't load and the game doesn't open
I will restart, I hope that works
I'm desperate
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please indicate your name?
hello, everything's okay with you?
then, since last week I have been having speed lag problems
however my connection is good and the servers are working too
I don't know if the video was attached
I usually connect to the servers, I can enter the PRS-ORG
however when entering the match, some signs appear in red in the upper corner of the screen
and everything freezes, and all of a sudden everything is super fast
the ping is always between 30 and 40
but there are different signals in red at the top of the screen
I don't know if you were able to understand
then my problem probably is with the internet provider right
unfortunately
oh my life, what a bag
that wasn't it, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
Yes
I bought the pass today at 16:00, but it didn’t release, I have been sending proof and talking to the attendant to resolve since then.
Now they asked me to speak on the live chat
Could you explain the step-by-step process to me
Because when I sign out I have to do it all over again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
good afternoon
Hello,
Hello
my god kkkkkkkkk
I didn’t know this language
then NAME-N
but I don't know the email of the account of those codes
how chic
I can give you the email of the account that I am talking to you now
but that is not the account with the expansions I am referring to
My email is EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
good evening
I would like to know how I can access the PRS-ORG web
I bought the game today, and spent all day playing, but couldn't finish it.
Is my account banned?
O.o
Yes
ook obrigado, on the transfer page it appears that my PRS-ORG account still doesn't have access
NAME-M, I have to get the access by playing
Well, at least, I thought NAME-M had been banned, without NAME-F, haha
Thank you ^^
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name for me?
NAME-M
I opened a service request and I received an email yesterday saying that it was completed
Only that for me the reward that was supposed to come never arrived
EMAIL
Oshi but this one is different for me
It has been analyzed and the coins were credited to my account.
And how can I add something to my account and you can't do anything?
So what is the point of you?
We pay so much money for a game and when we ask for help they can't solve the problem for me
And I still end up losing money
I want a solution
And what happens, I'm at a loss then?
Buddy, if it has to be done, I do not accept this.
How come I have some of your account's content and I'm left in the red?
And still an email comes saying that everything went well, that it was confirmed that it was a mistake and that the game's coins would be added to the account?
Something is not right
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you give me your name please?
Will I have to buy PRS-ORG again?
in the order history it shows the PRS-ORG status failed
hello, nice to meet you.
in the app for my card it shows that payment is in progress
but because of the status in the order history showing that it failed I was in doubt
one more question, the value will be refunded to my credit card then, right?
I am not at risk of having two PRS-ORGs
Perfect, thank you so much for your attention
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Good evening
I hope you are doing well
Is it possible to transfer a game from one PRS-ORG account to another PRS-ORG account?
Yes, I am disappointed, since I cannot access the web App
It says I don't have a club
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
I bought a pack in the store today on 25,000 where it gave me a loan icon and 5 players 82+, but I received one that was completely different from the description
I've never had problems with this before
Date of purchase today at 3:48 pm
understood
will I receive the correct package ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I please have your name?
Hello, I was being helped, but it dropped.
Case ID PHONENUMBER
Game doesn't start because of PRS-ORG problems.
I already followed the attendant's instructions for uninstalling and reinstalling the anticheat and starting PRS-ORG as admin, and it didn't resolve it
EMAIL
Ok, resolved the problem.
It worked.
Game is working again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening
Name-M
My name is NAME-M
I have my PRS-ORG transfer market blocked.
I have been a PRS-ORG customer since the PRS-ORG 18.
But I was from the PRS-ORG platform and this year I bought for the PRS-ORG
NAME-N
Of course
Thank you!
service outage?
what is that ?
Ahh tá
I will call you again soon
Thank you NAME-M
Have a great day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
Then, I bought a PRS-ORG from the American stores on a promotion that came with the PRS-ORG, and when the product arrived, I activated the code to download the game, I made the redemption, but  did not appear the game to be able to download it.
NAME-N appears on PRS-ORG to buy.
then I contacted the store support and they asked to speak with you
This
I can't download it through the activation code that came with my voucher
EMAIL
The code is not with me, I need to go get it.
NAME-F is forwarding you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
Good night
I can't install the PRS-ORG
I click to install and the installation process doesn't start
it closes automatically
correct
The PRS-ORG application does not start or the setup for installation does not start either
I already tried to download another setup or restart the PC, download the system updates but until now nothing worked
nothing happens
I click on the PRS-ORG setup and it just doesn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, please tell me your name.
My name is NAME-M.
I wanted to solve a problem with my login with PRS-ORG draft
At the Security Check where the words to copy appear
I typed more but it did not work
I am having issues with logging in
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hello Manas!
It's me again, I talked to you recently about my account from the Old PRS-ORG being linked to my PRS-ORG account, however, the same message insists on appearing even after three hours, is this normal?
I am NAME-M!!
I opened the support ticket with you at around 20:30
However, even after you disconnected the PRS-ORG account from my old PRS-ORG account, the message kept persisting.
Ok!
I'll be waiting!
May I try again then tomorrow morning!
If it's not resolved I will try to contact you again, okay?
Right on!!
I am going to look at the site you sent me, thank you so much again for your help!
I would like to apologize for all this trouble haha, I feel I am bothering you!
Thank you so much!!
It was a pleasure to receive your help again with this problem I'm having!
I hope that by tomorrow morning it is already disconnected from the old PRS-ORG!
whenever I log into the game, the PRS-ORG world does not appear
I already restarted the PC, I already reinstalled the PRS-ORG app
I already cleaned the cache of the app PRS-ORG
The PRS-ORG opens normally
Whenever I enter the game, the PRS-ORG world does not appear.
and always when I clean the app PRS-ORG cache the PRS-ORG appears to download
EMAIL
besides it is cloudy here ,
I am crazy to be able to play this new pack and so far only sadness
I just got a number
case key
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start off, can you please provide me with your name?
NAME-F
My PRS-ORG game is not loading...
A download error appears in my "save"
I access the game through the PRS-ORG
NAME-F
Yes
EMAIL
Now it's done!
I restarted the game and the game application
Thank you very much for your attention!
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon NAME-M.
Is everything okay?
I made a withdrawal request but noticed it was denied and I did not receive the reason
Could you look at it for me and let me know what the problem is?
Is the code the number of the bank?
Because I filled this item, my bank is NAME-N
I already know
I'll try to make another request.
Thank you
No
Thank you
Good afternoon.
Hello NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
Firstly, please can you give me your name?
My name is NAME-N
Friend, please
I won a match of WL and my adversary is insulting me in the PRS-ORG chat
I've attached some pictures, I don't know if you were able to read them
I received insults of a xenophobic nature, calling me NAME-N
I received the threat of death "you will die"
I received vulgar insults as in the image.
The ID of the other player is "NAME-N"
The person blessed created 3 secondary accounts and is sending me messages there, saying that he will make me get banned
Please help me, these attitudes are unacceptable.
I attached it before I started the live chat
How do I enter this?
I have 4 images.
PRS-ORG
Do you also need the images?
I have a print of the conversation and all of his messages
Ok
I'll do that now
Thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
nice to meet you.
well I'm trying to log onto PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG 18 but it says my account is currently blocked.
It asks that I log in to the console where I played the game but I no longer have access to it.
for which you say for me to contact PRS-ORG Help
Certainly
okay it doesn't appear the message that it is blocked anymore and it asks me to choose a security question, so I guess the problem is solved.
Yes I was able to log in.
thank you so much for the help.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk. My name is NAME-M
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I opened many rare megapackages today that showed as tradable, but were actually not tradeable
This has greatly harmed me (throwing away players, time, etc)
I sent an attached video showing
I would like to know what will be done about it
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Hello good day
Yesterday I bought PRS-ORG
I have a question regarding the content
Are the items that come with the promotion put in immediately or only at the game launch?
As the PRS-ORG points and other items did not drop
Can you kindly inform me?
From the PRS-ORG
Access was consolidated
However the items are not
Ok thank you
Hello good afternoon, I have a problem to check my documents.
An account verification was requested via email, after I requested a withdrawal of 200 reais
I sent all documents, and now they are requesting a copy of my credit cards
But the cards I used were virtual
And they have already expired, many of them didn't even get approved for payment.
I never had any problems with PRS-ORG, I am very dissatisfied
What do I do?
No, that's it.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
Good morning
NAME-M
So, I am running the PRS-ORG with a Ryzen 7 3700x processor, a NVidia gtx 1070 ti video card, and 24GB of ram.
My configurations are above what is recommended by PRS-ORG for gaming, however the game is freezing a lot.
Several people are complaining.
I would like to know if the PRS-ORG is aware of the problem and if there is any solution yet
I didn't receive any error.
What is happening is that I am inside a match, the screen freezes and then the game comes back at a very high speed, it looks like it is on PRS-ORG
Furthermore, PRS-ORG is using approximately 80% of my video card to run
That is not normal
It's okay
I will check and contact you again
I would just like it to be recorded that this problem is affecting many people
It's not normal for a game like PRS-ORG to use 80% of the video card
Thank you
Good day
Just that
Thank you.
Hug
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M, my James is NAME-M
Well, I recently bought PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG
I entered the game and I was faced with the error that my game needed the internet?
What was strange, if I was online
but after researching, I found out that I need a key to enter the game
I can not create an account
In this case, I can't create an account within PRS-ORG
NAME-F, thank you!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, could you tell me your name please?
Hi there NAME-M!
I confess that I used a trade site but it was for a short period
And it wasn't to benefit me at all
Yes.
But I think I was banned unfairly
Because I had removed the website from my account
Because I really felt it was unfair to use the site
And I think I was banned because recently my account also had suspicious activities
And you ended up changing the password of my saved account
Email is EMAIL
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please give me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-F
I wanted to clear something up, I have all the PRS-ORGs on my pc, if I sign up for PRS-ORG can I link them to PRS-ORG?
or do I need to buy them all again?
not the progress, but the expansions
because the pc PRS-ORG spent more or less about 5000 reais on all expansions and extras
it's hard to spend all that on the console
are there just the base game or the expansions as well?
all right, thank you
NAME-M that's right, thank you!!
Have a nice weekend
I have a PRS-ORG that is having problems with the screen: half of it has scratches and I cannot read the texts.
I would like to replace the screen but I am in Brazil and there are no PRS-ORG representatives here.
I would like to fix this screen, even if it costs a lot.
EMAIL
Grandma's house,
I had already tried before the pandemic, I think I'm going to keep trying to find something that can do this for me.
In any case thank you very much.
Para você também
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Hello NAME-M
My name is NAME-M
Unfortunately I'm not well, I'm in a very extreme psychological state.
I was threatened and the player also did psychological torture to me
Using low words for my family
If I get tired at some point, it's because he himself started threatening me and wishing terrible things
Yes.
However it was abusive that the player told me in the chat of the PRS-ORG game
The attached photo is the beginning that he reported
I am deeply shaken and I am going to call my psychologist who really shook me a lot
I tô feeling really bad I have a daughter
He wished harm to me and my daughter as a father and I love my daughter
I'm feeling totaly down I'm not having the strength to get out of bed because of what he did
nader
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
I am not managing to
use the PRS-ORGpoints
I mean, you can’t even open packs with them
it's that I found it strange
why do you have youtubers/streamers
opening packs with PRS-ORG points
like the URL is opening packs with PRS-ORG points right now
ok
thank you
The data for PRS-ORG, Transferência, Boleto... any option.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hi!
Hi! My name is NAME-F
I am having problems making purchases in the PRS-ORG app
I have tried to purchase some PRS-ORG packages several times, without success.
Can you help me?
I can't process the payment.
I select the payment option, fill in full name and CPF but it doesn't generate the request
Then I can't pay
The charge is not generated
I am not able to pay.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG user
DONE!
The last attempt generated an order in the spam folder.
It worked!
Thank you very much!
PRS-ORG fails to load part of episode 8.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I please have your name?
Good day.
Nice to meet you!
Both the version of my system (PRS-ORG) and the game are updated!
No.
It starts and I played until a part of episode 8.
It starts and I played until a little more than half of episode 8.
However when I try to start from where I stopped inside the episode 8 it doesn't load!!
There is no error appearing!!
The game just crashes when I try to load from where I stopped!!
The screen goes dark and the icon of loading the game stops!
I then need to close the application!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
Hello, good morning.
Then
Yesterday I made an improvement of mid/prime icon and it's a bug in the game itself, I thought it was a player choice
but when I saw it was a normal package
I wanted to know if it's possible to return my players because if it weren't for the translation error I wouldn't have made the package
Ok
but will there be some sort of refund of the players that I spent?
because I spent many players and coins
just one more doubt about this subject
PRS-ORG team will contact me through the game
or some social media?
Ok
I'll wait then.
thanks for the support
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please indicate your name?
Hi good day
I am having a problem in the transfer in the PRS-ORG
I try to buy players on the auction as I can get them cheaper .
And then seeing him for a higher price but all through the game and not through any sort of program
And msm like that my transfer window was blocked
I use PRS-ORG points too.
I try to take the game as best as possible because I really like the game
I am not able to give bids on players anymore
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
My name is NAME-M
How are you?
I made the dme the star of the future
And the 4 options were all totw
Yes
I made the PRS-ORG of the future.
Which gives 4 options to choose from
But all of the options came from the weekly selection
I picked NAME-N
But craque do futuro options should come
Yes
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
The PRS-ORG game crashes constantly.
I have already reinstalled, I have already seen other options in different forums.
My PC meets the recommended requirements perfectly.
and nothing seems to change the behavior of the game, though.
Right now it's even speaking to my dad who's an IT guy
I'll try and then I'll say something
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support. My name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
I made the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG points and I didn't receive it
Order number: ALPHANUMERICID
Order date: Mar. 12.
from 2022 13:37:00 BRT
I purchased it through the PRS-ORG Companiop app
Companion
You have just arrived
Received the PRS-ORG points
Thank you for the help
Brazilian Portuguese: PRS-ORG#1 to #7
and just looked here, I didn't rescue PRS-ORG#4, but the others I did
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me with your name?
NAME-M my name
I would like help as I have been rescuing PRS-ORG rewards for months, so when I buy it I will already have some packs
I bought it yesterday, but when I opened it, there was only 1.
EMAIL
but I only got 1, I just don't know which was it
I have a printout if you want it, which shows that it was rescued, but it is not in the gaming
For the PRS-ORG/PC
when I redeemed it, I wasn't playing, since I bought the game yesterday
I just rescued them so that I could have some packs when I bought it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
So, on the 31st of May I bought PRS-ORG coins and did not receive them, I asked for a refund from PRS-ORG and everything was okay on the 2nd of June I tried to buy again and did not receive my items and was unable to receive a refund, I tried to speak with the PRS-ORG support and it was denied, I tried to speak with the PRS-ORG support and they closed my case and gave it as resolved (nothing was resolved) I tried again to speak with the PRS-ORG support and they referred me to an advanced team and nothing was done, now I am trying again to speak with PRS-ORG to resolve this, I have been since the 2nd without my item and without my money
Please answer me
The company not offering support is not enough, is it?
Yes I've been having the problem since the beginning of the month
I've already logged in
and AGR?
my goodness
what a delay
I did that fuck you
fuck this fucking company again and again
I hope you fuck yourself
fucking shitty company
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Hi
Hi
good afternoon
sorry for the delay
I am experiencing packet loss, only in PRS-ORG
in no other game
ok
And how do I fix it ?
:(
Already solved
thank you so much <3
Just that, thank you very much, my friend
Good morning
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
The PRS-ORGs points I bought have not been credited
I made the payment and it was deducted
And still hasn’t dropped in the game
So?
Today
I'm seeing it
I put it to buy the pass
No
I always bought it directly via the game store
And it always falls at the same time
It is not possible to wait 24 hours because the pass will come out.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please tell me your name?
I'm having a problem with the PRS-ORG app
It has been months since the application goes offline and doesn’t show the list of friends
And I can't play online with my friends with that
I tried some firewall steps
I watched several videos on the error
but none of them worked for me
I will try
I will need to restart my pc to complete the steps.
If it works I thank you in advance
Until then.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, could you indicate your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
Why can't you equip the teams with the same level as mine?
It seems like I only get to play with pro players
It is demotivating
Directly this happens, it seems to be on purpose
Yes please
I can't play
I play every day, I am a loyal player.
But it happens immediately. It's not normal.
Opponents with bugged plays, using game flaws
Performing from 2 to 3 touches on the ball and score the goal
High-level players, and I am not
Not thank you
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I have a problem with PRS-ORG
I bought the game and the steering wheel
and if I take off the assistance during the race, I can't turn the car with the steering wheel
he just continues forward even if you turn the car to one side
when I use the command the car turns beautifully
I am not sure if it may be confusion because of having both devices connected (controller and wheel)
yes
be quick
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello
NAME-M
I am having a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
in PRS-ORG I was playing in PRS-ORG and even now in the PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already dissociated my PRS-ORG account from the PRS-ORG one and logged into my PRS-ORG account, however with the launch of the web app of ALPHANUMERICID I started the game thinking that I would be with my PRS-ORG account and continued playing, making deals, opening packs and winning coins.
However, with the launch of the preview of ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG, when I logged into PRS-ORG, I realized that I was playing on PRS-ORG and I don't have access to that console anymore.
I would like some help with this
ent todo o meu progresso nesses dias eu nao estou tendo acesso
PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG
Hello NAME-M, nice to meet you.
I have a problem with my ALPHANUMERICID.
I was playing ALPHANUMERICID in PRS-ORG and now I am in PRS-ORG series x and during the year I had already disassociated my PRS-ORG account with the one in PRS-ORG and logged in to my PRS-ORG account, but with the launch of the web app of ALPHANUMERICID I started the game thinking I would be with my PRS-ORG account and I continued playing, doing dme, opening packs and earning coins.
However, with the launch of the PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERICID preview when I was logging on to PRS-ORG I noticed that I was playing on PRS-ORG and I no longer have access to this console.
I wanted help with this.
On this progress, I haven't been having access to these days.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Do you prefer Portuguese or English?
I purchased PRS-ORG pro.
This is the 3 consecutive year that I play PRS-ORG.
The game is not starting.
There seems to be a problem with the anti cheat of PRS-ORG
I have already installed the game 3 times, and I have already run it as an administrator
Nothing seems to solve it
Thank you
I already tried to do a manual installation of the anti-cheat and the installation failed
Okay then I'll wait
Thank you for your time
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
Hi NAME-M, good evening!
I was making a purchase from the PRS-ORG from the PRS-ORG and the game was coming out for 303 reais in the ultimate version
However I was trying to buy and it wouldn't go through and it got to a point where it started giving an error saying there have been too many purchase attempts
so I went to try again now because it asked me to wait a while to buy again
and the price went up to 341
I would even buy for this price but I have 305 reais putting together what I have on Pix and the rest on PRS-ORG wallet
Uh, I understand... so you couldn't help me in this case?
then
that's right
I tried in several ways to buy and it would give an error
ai I waited the time
and the price was not the same
It was 40 reais more expensive
now I don't have the money to make the purchase
I subscribed to your program for 20 real and I'm playing at 20 hours
but this is ending
now I can't buy it because the price went up kkk
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, may I have your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Good afternoon, NAME-M!
I bought the PRS-ORG on 25/09 from PRS-ORG, but yesterday when I was playing I had a problem with the PRS-ORG.
I was able to solve the problem, but I’ve been trying to open the PRS-ORG for almost 24 hours now, but it opens in a small black window and then closes right away.
How can I help you?
do you know if there is anything that I can do?
do you have any idea when it will be ready?
I understand
Thank you very much for the PRS-ORG support
I will wait for an update on the game
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
Hello NAME-N, how are you?
I'm NAME-M.
Exactly, I was playing yesterday normally!
During a game the game crashed and the game ended... since then I can't find opponents anymore
I talked to a few of my colleagues and they said that they were finding opponents without problems
Okay, thank you very much!!!
No opponent was found.
Try your search again later.
This message appears:
Ah yes, thank you very much!!!
It helped a lot, I just finished doing the requested thing
I will try to find opponent
The same error appeared
No problem, if there's anything else I can do for you.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N
To get started, could you please tell me your name?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M.
I was trying to resolve the problem PHONENUMBER
I just spoke with NAME-M and even after clearing the PRS-ORG cache, checking the internet and restarting the computer, the problem persists
When trying to enter the PRS-ORG the following message appears:
Sorry, but there was an error in the connection with the PRS-ORG.
You will be redirected to the main menu of PRS-ORG.
Just the one I quoted above
And when I manage to get into the game, when I'm looking at my line-up, that message appears:
There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Please try again later.
hi I wanted to link to get the benefits of PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG/PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please state your name for me?
NAME-M
I used to have a linked account at PRS-ORG
however recently I have a different one
however I can't link
because it says that there's already a linked one
only that I've already unlinked, it's been more than 6 months which is the stated deadline
EMAIL
OK, I THINK I JUST LINKED IT
however because I had already redeemed it
how do I withdraw again?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, can you please provide your name?
Good morning, NAME-N.
My name is NAME-M
Please, if you can, could you help me?
I have an account that I have been using for more than 5 years and have accumulated a lot of points and XP.
My girlfriend created that account to give me the PRS-ORG edition as a gift.
I'd like to know if it's possible to unify both accounts.
But there is no possibility of unifying both accounts?
So that I only use one?
You have that account that I always use
And this account was created yesterday
It would be enough just to unify the account
If the PRS-ORG is to my account it's all right
Okay
The PRS-ORG progress you are referring to right?
I don't mind.
Alright I'll start a new game
I see.
I appreciate it regardless
Have a good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
The same thing.
I rent a server at PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG for 29.50 every week, today I went to extend the rental and on the "order and pay" screen it got stuck on "loading" and the game stopped, not the PRS-ORG.
The amount was debited from my account, however the server was not extended.
The server rental was not recorded, it has already expired, can you help me please?
EMAIL
Thank you, I'm waiting.
Hello sorry, I already talked to PRS-ORG and they told me to talk to you, and besides that I see here that the servers are online.
Paid*
Some paid servers are online yes
PRS-ORG does not want to be responsible since it says that you received the purchase amount and confirmed it
I remember that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS HAVE BEEN SENT CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
Good morning, once again I am following up to ask you to validate the account.
The return deadline you offered has already been exceeded for 2 days, and I am still waiting for you.
However, I have money to withdraw and I am prevented from making games, I would like some attention and speed in resolving the case.
Sincerely,
Reminding you that ALL STEPS AND DOCUMENTS WERE SENT CORRECTLY TO PRS-ORG.
I hope it helps because recently I have not received this from you unfortunately.
I hope you are different!
Thank you NAME-M.
However, the deadline has already expired and I would like your attention!
All steps and documents were sent correctly and duly.
I understand the security rules and agree with them, but I am being harmed in this matter.
Thank you, but I already received this message from you this week.
I am still waiting.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
Hi good evening, how are you?
I'm trying to open the game PRS-ORG but it doesn't start in my computer and gives an error:
Double-check your connection, or try again later
but it is connected
and my pc meets all the minimum requirements
EMAIL
It is a PC version linked to PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
NAME-M, I'm doing well.
Thank you. I have the PRS-ORG that gives me access to the PRS-ORG library.
Right?
I play through the PRS-ORG of PRS-ORG.
I would like to know how to play PRS-ORG since I do not find it in the PRS-ORG catalog.
I access the PRS-ORG games from the PRS-ORG website.
But, I don't find the ALPHANUMERICID there
A friend of mine said that I can play PRS-ORG because I have PRS-ORG.
But, is this only for those who have the console or can I play through PRS-ORG, through the browser (PRS-ORG)?
I'll try to simplify: I am a subscriber to PRS-ORG.
Can I only play PRS-ORG if I have a PRS-ORG console?
Or can I play by PRS-ORG, using the PRS-ORG browser?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hi NAME-F!
My name is NAME-M
I am speaking to the PRS-ORG
You asked me to attach an image to the case, but I think I ended up opening a new one
Opa, então, é que o problema ja está sendo visto
Then I think that if I open a new one, it will cause confusion.
I'll finish the chat here
For now, no, thank you.
Brazilian Portuguese: a conquista PRS-ORG n libera
the PRS-ORG victory does not free it
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To get started, can you please give me your name?
For the love of god, release my conquest, I've been playing for 91 hours and the game is bugged
I am going to cry sir.
even if I do the requirements
With 91 hours of playing.
Please help me
kkkk
hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
I would like to know if the problem of running only in safe mode has been resolved in the new update of PRS-ORG
in the PRS-ORG
no
was
to solve this I had to install PRS-ORG again
but I want to go back to PRS-ORG and for that I need to know if the problem was solved with the new update
but was the problem of the safe mode correct?
I'm saying this because I'm going to have to format my PC, and I need you to confirm this for me.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please indicate your name?
wagner
I spent a resource in PRS-ORG but I can't use it
I spent 20 star moments.
in a token
but I don't have a way to exchange it
and the game does not inform me about anything regarding that
wagner
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, may I ask your name please?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Thank you!
I'm having trouble playing The PRS-ORG
I have the 64-bit metal version for MacOS
The game works super well on the computer, even with the graphics at the maximum definition
However, the game suddenly shuts down
It does not present an error or anything like that
It simply closes
Hey, that’s all the information, really.
During execution, the game only closes, without presenting anything after that.
The game runs well.
It only closes down during the game
Sometimes it closes 10 minutes after playing, sometimes 1 hour later.
There is no rule
Thank you for your attention, NAME-F
Just this today
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please provide me your name?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
I am having problems to start the game
The screen opens normally and when I select the profile the screen goes black and closes
I am able to log in yes
I meant the profile within the game
EMAIL
I'm going to try this method.
If it fails I will come back here!
But for now, thank you very much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
Hello, NAME-M
I am having trouble connecting to the servers
I'm having connection problems with PRS-ORG's servers.
It is asking me to reset the password and I already did that
And it does not accept to connect
No
The problem is the connection with the PRS-ORG in the PRS-ORG game.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-F
I'm well thank you, and you?
My pleasure.
Then, my PRS-ORG updated normally on the 14th if I'm not mistaken, when they released the babies in the game.
Items for them appear there, but in the CAS, this stage does not count.
The items for the same appear there, but in the CAS, this stage does not count.
That is, the life stage itself does not appear.
I tried to reinstall the game, but the stage in PRS-ORG still does not exist.
As attached in the image.
I understand!
Thank you for clarifying!
That was all, thank you!
Have a nice afternoon
Thank you, take care NAME-M!
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
are you able to see my previous conversations with other PRS-ORG advisors?
helped a lot...
Certain.
NAME-F tried one where I had to install PRS-ORG
another was to clean the cache
Another one was to reinstall PRS-ORG
the other had to do with background applications
NAME-F I've been having this problem for 3/4 days
Hello?
You’re going to f**k up, I lost because of that piece of shit server, you shameless greedy company, you better buy a better server, you piece of shit.
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please provide your name?
I lost match because of the garbage server, it takes time to run commands
son of a bitch
If you can't stand seeing a swear word, you're in the wrong field
and f*ck you
Go fuck yourself
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
Are you a real person or a bot??
I acquired PRS-ORG today and when I tried to play it forces me to connect an account, create one or just log in an existing one
the problem is that I can't connect or create an account.
and I would love to play
NAME-M yes, good to know it's a human
Nice to meet you.
That's it
I can't connect to online PRS-ORG game
is it possible, even though the game is old?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
I made the idol of 90+ these days there I went to look for open in the console and it is not there
it only appears in the companion app
I already restarted the console and everything
I checked here now and it appeared again
it wasn't even after restarting, it just appeared out of nowhere now, I had already made a case about it
NAME-M I think they've solved it
NAME-M, thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
I need to know if a fix for the PRS-ORG mode is already planned, somehow.
It simply stopped working the friendly games.
It presents an error, when trying to play a friendly match, it says that the opponent abandoned the match.
This has been happening since the 12th of May
URL
In this link it is possible to see the error.
Note, this is a worldwide problem (since this video is not from Brazil), but it is the exact same error.
This is happening in all platforms
In summary, yes.
The PRS-ORG mode is not working
No, just that.
Thank you !
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I am fine, yes, and how about you?
That, I still can't do.
However, I understood that I have to wait
I would like to know if, in the meantime, you could help me open it in the Webapp
for at least having something to do
Ah yes
My question is
I can only access the Webapp after having opened the game at least 1 time
as the game is not opening due to an Anti Cheat error
is there any way to enable it so that I can open the Webapp before the game fixes this issue?
No, thank you
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please tell me your name?
I have an account with PRS-ORG and I'm not able to log in
Yes, that's correct.
It says: "Your credentials are incorrect or expired.
It says, "Your credentials are incorrect or expired. Try again or reset your password."
When I click on reset password, the following appears: "It was not possible to find your PRS-ORG Account."
But I'm trying to log in using the program from PRS-ORG
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I please have your name?
Yesterday, I bought the Star pass with 1000 PRS-ORG points, but so far it has not been released in my account, but my PRS-ORG points have been credited
I want to know what you are going to do about it
Because I can’t be scammed that way.
But I don’t want a refund of the PRS-ORG points
I just want the pass released
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I am having a problem with the draft for a player, I played two games and then I was unable to start the third one.
The following error appears: There was a problem communicating with the PRS-ORG servers.
Try again later.
I would like you to restart my draft manually if possible.
I have been with this error for 3 days now
Is it possible to restart my draft manually?
I think this is the only way to solve my problem
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
good evening friend
I have not been playing since early morning
every time a match ends i make a mistake
I already called the support twice and they did not solve my problem
PRS-ORG servers cannot process the request at this time
from this error here
whenever the game is over, it is as if I had quit the game and I lose 3-0
wanted to play
kkk
more blz
you guys have to take that soft ban thing out of the token exchange event since the game ends with whoever scores the first goal
it was so right
thank you
send me some tokens for the trouble
of that strength haha
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, could you please provide me your name?
NAME-M
I'm having problems, I got in touch earlier today to try to sort it out, they gave me a few options and I couldn't solve it
and the situation has worsened
I need help.
I am not able to play PRS-ORG's PRS-ORG
23
<cf>
EMAIL
the first error
It is the PRS-ORG app.
the app couldn't connect to the servers
NAME-M the PRS-ORG usually
the PRS-ORG normally is able to connect to the servers
but when I try to play a game in any PRS-ORG mode, it disconnects and goes out of the mode
Will NAME-M stay open?
I am on the chat on the PC that I play on
Good night,
I made the purchase of a book in the PRS-ORG store and after starting the reading, I verified that the book is in PT-BR and not PT-PT, which was the one I intended.
Unfortunately, in your store they don't make distinctions, but in the reading it makes a lot of difference.
The book was “Orgulho e Preconceito: Pride and Prejudice” by NAME-F & NAME-F and I want the refund or exchange of the book for Portuguese from Portugal.
I await contact from you.
Sincerely,
NAME-F
The email is EMAIL
Thank you!
By the way, is there any option that can verify if the book is PT-PT or PT-BR?
So here is a suggestion for your improvement!
Thank you for the help
Brazilian Portuguese: Good day
Hi
I have a doubt about rollover.
What appears in the withdrawal tab and what I was informed in my email is the casino rollover.
However I caught the sports promotion and only bet on sports so far
Can you see that?
Ah, right
I am asking because I would like to proceed with a withdrawal.
In case I actually made the rollover, can I already do it?
Thank you very much
I'm waiting for the email
Just that
Good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
I bought the ultimate version of PRS-ORG and I didn't receive the PRS-ORG points
While I was syncing the PRS-ORG with my PRS-ORG account
I opened the web app and there is nothing there
Minutes
In the other versions it came before.
Excuse me
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, may I have your name please?
Thawan
Nice to meet you.
I'm not sure if I'm in the correct channel but I have a doubt.
I’ve been playing PRS-ORG for 3 weeks and today they launched the futweb app.
When I try to enter into the futweb it says that my account does not have a team in the PRS-ORG of the PRS-ORG, however as my account does not have a team if I have played the PRS-ORG?
Why can't I access the futweb app?
Ahhh, I didn't know that
Now it all makes better sense
That's it, NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the information and the help
Good afternoon, my name is NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please tell me your name?
I am unable to sign in to my PRS-ORG account even after changing the password
EMAIL
I received it, and now?
And now?
What should I do now?
The code is 535067
ok
Reset the password
Ok, I'll do it now
It gave the same error
Now it did
With the correct username
Thank you so much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I am having an issue playing my game on my PC and I have been unable to resolve it for almost a week now.
I would like a refund if I can not play
I bought the game and when I go to start it, it says my pc is cheating.
My pc is brand new.
And I do not use this kind of thing
I would like a solution or my money back
As I understand you are facing trouble launching your game, is that correct?
I bought it, but I can't start my game
There is an error 117
I'd like to know if I'll be able to play, if it doesn't get fixed and better the refund.
Because I paid a lot for the game
Plus I don't even have the game cache because I bought it and I can't start it
I have already tried that procedure.
And how can I prevent this from happening?
Why have I tried in several ways?
Good day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, could you please tell me your name?
I am unable to access my companion app because it is asking me to verify with the email and the email is not arriving in my inbox
I have already looked in the spam box and there is nothing there
I have asked to resend several times and it has not arrived
The option of verification by the app is not working either
Even in the PRS-ORG website account I can't access it
EMAIL
Laurexxx
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Good evening.
I entered my account today to play Battlefield 4 with some friends, but the game isn’t available to play.
It shows as if I have to buy it again
But I already bought it in 2015
The value of R$199,00 appears
That's correct.
Is there anything else I can do besides waiting?
NAME-M, thank you for your help.
I will try to start it with the .exe file and wait for the problem to be resolved.
There is not any other, that was the only one.
Thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First, can you please tell me your name?
Hello NAME-M, good evening.
Everything alright?
My name is NAME-M
You're welcome.
It's my pleasure.
So a few years back I was gifted the SimCity 4 Deluxe Edition as a CD.
The edition with the 2 CDs, I'm currently trying to install the same one in my new Notebook but I can't because it's not compatible with PRS-ORG, through the CD it doesn't start.
I tried to add it to my PRS-ORG Games library but it says the code is invalid
I would like to recover it in order to at least get the installation of it via PRS-ORG or PRS-ORG online, since it is no longer compatible with the CD
Yes, I still have the original 2 Disks and the license code of the same.
Brazilian Portuguese: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
I cannot buy anything on the transfer market in the Web App
The message appears:
An error occurred while trying to complete the search.
Try again in a few seconds.
No, only when trying to buy.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin, may I have your name please?
Hello
I am having a problem with PRS-ORG
the game opens PRS-ORG, opens the PRS-ORG launcher
I click on play
and nothing happens
Literally nothing happens
I have already contacted before and they told me to follow some steps
I did everything but same result
EMAIL
Thank you.
Before, a dll error with the ALPHANUMERICID code appeared
I downloaded the dll I needed and put it in the right place
since then there has not been any error
however, the game also never starts
if this does not resolve, I will contact you again, thank you in advance
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
My promotion objectives in the PRS-ORG did not update in the Game
With that I am being prejudiced in completing the whole trail and getting the rewards
The promotion had its cards updated yesterday
The objectives didn't come out yesterday
Some friends had their goals released today at 11:30 AM BRT
And mine did not update
With that, I cannot complete the path
Okay
My name is NAME-M
my PRS-ORG ALPHANUMERIC
This is happening
Why don’t I have the objectives available
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please provide your name?
Hi!
My name is NAME-M, good evening
I need help please
I play PRS-ORG on PRS-ORG.
I can’t stay on LINE.
The qr code appears asking me to reset the password of the PRS-ORG account, even doing that, it doesn't work.
Sure.
EMAIL
I would like to inform you that I am not able to download any game from PRS-ORG.
It pauses automatically and gives an error.
No.
Through the PRS-ORG App and PRS-ORG on my computer
Error 6 and PRS-ORG.
It stops the download progress and takes time to get back
I would like to know what I should do to solve this problem.
I want to play the games from PRS-ORG on my computer
I have already tried this process but it didn't work
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Good afternoon,
My name is NAME-F
Thank you :)
So, I have 3 DLC CDs for the PRS-ORG and the base game, it is quite old and was bought in the USA.
When I tried installing it a few months ago, it didn't work and said it needed an update, but I never found this update when searching online.
I thought about looking for the game to buy online somewhere, but I realized that PRS-ORG doesn't sell it anymore, is there any way to buy it somehow?
I don't have a CD reader in this computer that I'm using now, so I can't start the installation to be able to show you a print screen of what happens :/
But if necessary, I can send a photo of the CDs.
Wow, but it is such a sought after game, it is sad :(
That's okay, thank you for your answer
Have a good night :)
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M.
My game does not open
I followed the step-by-step process that the guy sent me
But it is not working
Do you want to access my PC through Team Viewer?
I can't take it anymore, I've already tried everything
Almost asking for a refund, but I wanted to play 🤦🏻‍♂️
It opens everything in black and closes
But my PRS-ORG does not freeze
Only the game that doesn't open
Do you want to access through team viewer?
It may be that something is missing in the PC or it won’t let me open it
But I have already done several things and it does not resolve
hello
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please give me your name?
I am not able to purchase the PRS-ORG
It's giving an error
I am not able to buy the PRS-ORG
It was not possible to process your action
It was not possible to process your order at this time due to an issue with your indicated payment method.
Please try using a different payment method to complete your order, or try again later
Hello there!
I can only pay through pix
I accessed*
Good evening, is the platform unstable?
I'm trying to use it and no casino games open, it goes to a black screen, I logged into another platform and it works normally
I am trying to use the platform and it does not open any game
I have already cleared my data and cash and nothing happened
I restarted my mobile device and it won't work
I have never had a problem operating the amulet
Do you know of any instability in your system?
Just that
Thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello, now very bad, I made the pre-purchase of PRS-ORG, and only saw now that it was in my wrong PRS-ORG account
I bought it on EMAIL
to which I used to log in to PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG was the EMAIL
I was already even using the web app
I was using it on PRS-ORG, but this time I bought it directly on PRS-ORG
that was linked with the PRS-ORG account
I am very sad.
which is why it didn't appear
I've used the (EMAIL) account as my primary since 2020
I am already using the PRS-ORG web app and everything else
But what about the refund, how does that work with the card?
You can then cancel it
I do not know if I will have limit to play at the launch after the refund
very sad
only
Just that, thank you
Good afternoon.
Strike
My dear this is a lack of respect for the customer, I requested a withdrawal of 1000 reais first, than the one of 200 reais, the 200 reais was deposited before the one of 1000
I have been talking about it since the morning and the feature hasn't dropped yet
Since early morning, this is why I am stopping playing here, PRS-ORG, betano and stake pay on time.
Sad
I like the website and the platform but, every time we win it's an endless delay of time.
Pix today is something that is way too quick
I am in a compromise awaiting since the morning to resolve.
Waiting for this resource to enter, which is mine, I won by losing sleep and investing my money
Is in English friend
Oh my god
I can't believe it
That’s why I’m stopping
I will receive it and I will talk to the people in the channel about it
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I need help to refund a repeated purchase I made, it has already gone to my card...
Could you help me?
Yes!
My email is EMAIL
One minute, I'm just going to get the order number...
The order number is PHONENUMBER, if I am not mistaken.
The verification number: 635822
I have made two purchases and would like to cancel one if possible... because the game is already downloading.
Thank you so much!
That was exactly what I wanted to fix.
Thank you so much!
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M, my name is NAME-M.
I have a PRS-ORG and have been playing Jedi Fallen Order on it, with a campaign 41% completed, but my wife started playing another game and to not get in her way, I decided to install the same game using the same account on the PC, but my save does not appear, even though I am using the exact same user.
What am I doing wrong?
So even using the same account, I can't use the save?
Do I need to start completely from scratch?
But we do not perform a save in the cloud?
NAME-M.
Thank you very much for the clarification.
I hope this will evolve, since it would be very useful for us players.
Thank you for your attention.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please provide me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes
I am writing a text with my case
Then, I have played PRS-ORG for a few years but never played online, I bought the PRS-ORG through PRS-ORG and I decided to play PRS-ORG, these days I tried to link my PRS-ORG account to PRS-ORG and I realized that I did not have access and I was not aware of the email and password of my PRS-ORG account
I have access to the email and the password of my PRS-ORG account
The account I'm talking about is this one, I managed to access it with PRS-ORG
However, I am afraid of losing it because I do not know the email of the PRS-ORG account
And also for this reason I can't link the account to PRS-ORG
Good afternoon.
I updated the application on my PRS-ORG but I cannot access my account on the PRS-ORG.
Could you please help me?
EMAIL
I used to use PRS-ORG reads from the livraria cultura
well... I'll try again, but it gives an invalid password
now it seems to be over.
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To get started, could you please give me your name?
good evening
My name is NAME-M
I have the BF 2042 Ultimate Edition, and my reward for update 3.3 is not in the game
more or less
my reward disappeared
no
is the reward of the update 3.3
March’s one.
March 8th to be exact
thank you lady
Is there a forecast?
no
a good night to you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I have a question, I played the PRS-ORG game but I am now considering buying the game for the PC
my question is
and as for 23
as I would like to know if I am obliged to x buy 23 for PRS-ORG or to buy for pc
I keep my things from PRS-ORG
okey thank you
I'm waiting
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Can I play with my PRS-ORG account on PRS-ORG?
That's not it
I want to use the PRS-ORG account that I have in PRS-ORG
on another device through PRS-ORG
ok but please answer the previous question
ok dick clown
sorry
I made a mistake.
I do not need anything else, thanks
good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please give me your name?
Hello, I just got in touch.
Then I went to the PRS-ORG and they told me to go back again
NAME-M
Yes
if you want to, I can repeat the messages
Hello, I have just gotten in touch.
Then I went on PRS-ORG and they told me to try again
I just want to redo the order that I made, which was cancelled without even trying to charge my nubank card
and I am just trying to do it from here, because for some reason, right after I tried to buy it again, the store charged me R$166 instead of R$149... in the same moment!
I want to keep the price and pay, be it with pix, by card, whichever you prefer
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
NAME-F
Is ALPHANUMERICID doing well?
I am performing the new update of PRS-ORG on my PC
However, she finishes, it appears that the update ended and shortly after it appears to update again
Before starting the chat, I attached 03 prints of my screen, I don’t know if you can see them
That's correct.
Even after performing it, it asks again and does not open the game.
I have already uninstalled and installed the game again, but without success.
Everything is okay, I appreciate your help.
How do I do this cleaning?
I'm already doing it, just a minute
It worked!!
Thank you so much!!
I did not know how to clean the cache in the app.
: NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First off, can you please tell me your name?
I want a phone number to call and talk to someone
What they do in my account has no explanation
Match after match playing against the handicap
and the disgusting PRS-ORG script
This is inadmissible, completely inadmissible
is this number working,
It says it's unavailable.
They had already given me that number and it never works
Can you solve this?
that it is absurd
It's disgusting to play this game right now like this, impossible
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you please indicate your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M
Yes, look.
I have reached the limit of club creations in PRS-ORG and would like to know if you could give me more attempts to delete my club.
I spoke with a consultant before.
My account that I use to play is:
EMAIL
Thank you very much
That was the problem.
Thank you very much
I bought the Alicerce do Paraíso books, downloaded the application, opened the book on Sunday, this morning I entered the application but it wouldn't open the content of the books, I updated the application and now it says that my email wasn't found.
I request immediate regularization or return of my payment.
Please reply to this email
EMAIL
Purchase on 07.03 and 4 Alicerce do Paraiso books
Thank you, NAME-M, and you too
I was talking to NAME-M and it dropped
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you tell me your name please?
My name is NAME-M.
I am from PRS-ORG and I am not able to log in to PRS-ORG
Every time at this same time, the servers for PRS-ORG go down.
The end of PRS-ORG and the servers cannot support the users, you should urgently put another server in Brazil
I am unable to access PRS-ORG
It is reported that the server has a high volume of people
Regrettable
I as a consumer, get frustrated and put off playing PRS-ORG
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you please provide me with your name?
Hello that I was in conversation now with one of the attendants and I ended up losing contact
My name is NAME-M
I would like to ask for a refund of the PRS-ORG expansion
My email is EMAIL
Yes
I regret it because I needed the money to pay for other things
Hello?
Yes
Yes, I do.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
My expansions that I bought are not working
Some unlocked items have disappeared
EMAIL
Target detector
Weapon unlocked
Truly disappointing
PRS-ORG
Do you not have?
The purchases made by the user?
Do I have to prove that I bought them?
If I already played
What images do I send
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
First of all, can you indicate your name please?
NAME-M
the ALPHANUMERICID save game is not working
I did the whole procedure sent by you yesterday and yet the error still persists
every time I open the game it's as if it was the first time
Yes, but you also lose the control configuration
the choice of the club
everything
even the progress
and stopped at the end of December to do everything to fix this problem but without success
I even formatted the PC and installed from scratch and it didn't solve the problem
I checked in the forums and it seems to be a problem that is affecting many people
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, could you please give me your name?
Hello, please help me reset my PRS-ORG password.
EMAIL
I can see how long you can postpone.
Can I know if your parents are dead?
Your mother is a whore and gave birth to something like you
You should go to the Ukraine to pick up the Russian bomb, fuck your mother
fucking bitch
I asked if your mom died and how she could give birth to something like you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To start with, may I have your name please?
Good morning, my name is NAME-M
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account, the site errors out and I can't do it.
How to solve this
Yes, whenever I try to access it the site gives an error and I can't get in
when I click on the PRS-ORG account connect button, and when I'm redirected to the website, it says that an error occurred and that they were unable to complete my request
is still there
Hello NAME-N,
that's the gamertag of the account I want to access
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
good morning
I am having problems
I bought Aston Martin package (PRS-ORG)
and the product does not show up to use in the app
in the game
day 15/09/2022
when I access the package as if I were to acquire it again, it appears that this package is already yours
and I still can’t use it
ok
I will try these tips.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
NAME-M
Hello, how are you doing today?
I would like help with the dme of PRS-ORG
I started to do the dme but he asks for cards that are out of packs and extinct in the market
I have done 13 parts of the dme and now I can't do the rest
I don't think it is fair to the players to keep a dme so expensive that it is impossible to do
I would like to receive the players back or receive the missing ones, in the case of PRS-ORG captains.
Challenge of casting crews
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is PRS-ORG.
To start with, could you please give me your name?
Hi!
My name is NAME-M
My pleasure!
So, my problem is that I am not able to purchase my PRS-ORG points
my game is from PRS-ORG and the money is in the PRS-ORG wallet
but I press to buy within the game and the purchase simply doesn't happen
my money does not leave the PRS-ORG and neither do the PRS-ORG points show up
how can we solve this?
No error message appears, it simply asks me to wait and nothing else happens
it only returns to the store with no PRS-ORG points and the money in the PRS-ORG wallet
Right, thank you so much!
I will try it and if it doesn't solve I will come back again
No, just that!
thank you very much
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
My name is NAME-M
My nephew deleted my PRS-ORG mobile account
How could I revert that?
It's a little bit sad
Is it yours?
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Good day
My name is NAME-M
I am having trouble launching PRS-ORG
My problem is that when I start PRS-ORG, my screen freezes and I can't do anything else
I have to restart the PC
I tried again and it is the same, I already uninstalled the game and installed it again and nothing...
When I enter the PRS-ORG App and try to start the game, my pc freezes
and I have to restart the pc by the button
No error appears.
only my screen freezes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin, could you please provide me with your name?
NAME-M
They hacked my account, sold my players and coins
I just want my coins pf
I already changed the password, I already activated the two-step code, I just want the coins
Another person has already helped me change the password and activate two-step verification
I just want my coins
I just want my coins / money back
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I have your name please?
I cannot play my solo Draft.
I have been having an error all the time for days.
What is happening?
Several other users' complaints
Hello, nice to meet you, how may I assist you?
EMAIL
Yes
My name is NAME-M
So, I play PRS-ORG on the PC and here the game won't open anymore
dps from the update this morning
The game stopped opening
It doesn't work at all
I am being harmed in the event of the totys, PRS-ORG needs to take action about this
The game does not open, I have been trying to enter the game since 13h
Even at dawn everything was working fine.
And the fact that I can't enter the game to play, farm the packs, etc. is harming me in the event
and I'm not the only one going through this, a lot of people who play on PC are going through the same situation
Yes, before this anti-cheat issue I would just resolve it by reinstalling the anti-cheat
but from today, it no longer resolves
I tried everything and the game won't open.
It always gives the same error
all right, thank you
Good afternoon
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name, please?
I would like to report an error
Last night I was playing PRS-ORG and entered a PRS-ORG draft game
I won the game and it didn't count as a victory
I would like to know if there is some kind of compensation/refund that can be made
Okay, thank you
After that I played another game that I lost.
And it didn't count as a loss either
Thus, I believe that this has a bug
How so?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
First of all, may I ask your name please?
yes I am thank you, I have a discount code for the game
which I won when I answered a survey
but I can't redeem this code
which gave me R$29.00 of discount
That survey was done within the PRS-ORG game
I entered the game and the survey appeared
I answered all of it and at the end I got this code.
when I was finishing the purchase it gave an error and I couldn't finalize it
With that I can not use the code
This is the code I won ALPHANUMERICID
This is the order number that gave the error PHONENUMBER
I was given this code last week
I made the order which gave an error on 19/01
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please tell me your name?
Hi, good afternoon!
Call me NAME-M.
My name is NAME-M
So, today I went to do the DME PP of DME from icon in the PRS-ORG and ended up choosing a wrong card without wanting to.
I would like to know if you could help me.
A blank 89 came, a kaka 89 was meant to have been picked up and I ended up picking the blank
PRS-ORG player pick de icon
Correct
Putz… everything is okay.
Not only that msm
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start, could you please tell me your name?
opa
Good evening, my name is NAME-M
I am having problems to connect with my PRS-ORG account in the PRS-ORG app by PC, and when I finally get in, it doesn't load my games, I can't open the PRS-ORG
thanks, I hope you are doing well too !
Yes, I can't log in
Okay okay, thank you very much and good job!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
My name is Indian Nojento
I can't take this game anymore
Where are you?
Answer, fucking idiot
How can you be so incompetent that you cannot type a message from a script in less than 5 minutes?
Is the basic education in India so bad?
You are going to take a bath there in the Ganges, you bastard
Casino
Any answer please
I lost my real money I am playing with bonus but just let me bet up to 25
Good afternoon, the bet limit is only up to 25 with the bonus, I can't increase it
Check the msg I sent
I was playing with the bonus and you are allowing me to bet up to 25.
Why is that
And how much money do I need to have bet to be able to withdraw it?
Okay
Any response please
You didn't solve anything
How much do I still need to bet to be able to withdraw?
Release my withdrawal
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To get started, can you please provide me with your name?
PRS-ORG Availability
It doesn't let me download the game, by making it unavailable to purchase
PRS-ORG platform
In PRS-ORG plus
I am trying to buy the game.
It says that I do not have a PRS-ORG account, even though I do
It's giving "unavailable"
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I have your name please?
My name is NAME-M
Devender, I was in the match earlier, the match crashed and ever since then I can't get back into ultimate team
It appears that there was an error and you will return to the main menu
Image is in the attached file
Save me please kkkk
Wow, is it possible to fix ?
That's great !!
Do you think I'll be able to play again today ?
Is there a forecast?
To go back
Would that be it then
So be it
Thank you
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
NAME-M
Sorry.
my net had stuck
when I go to manage my account it asks for an email, when I go to see that email it does not exist, I never put an email that starts with e
then I can't confirm the email and change my account
it is more or less that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, can you give me your name please?
I had already opened a call regarding the purchase of 12000 PRS-ORG POINTS and the non-delivery of the material.
I printed what you requested and I would like to know where to send it?
I have already attached TB here...
I bought it at the mall within PRS-ORG
As shown in the image above, the debit in my PRS-ORG account
When it comes to selling the game it's easy to solve...
It's easy to solve problems when the time comes to sell the game...
It's a game of one against the other
How to get in touch?
How can I get in touch with the PRS-ORG support
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is ALPHANUMERICID.
To begin with, can you please indicate your name for me?
good day NAME-N
I am 5 days without access to the PRS-ORG game
NAME-N appears on the screen (connecting to the service)
EMAIL
alphanumeric code
connection error with server
what
NAME-F is an internet technician and everything is normal here
NAME-F disconnected from PRS-ORG already uninstalled and reinstalled it NAME-F the pc and it did not help
NAME-F I tried this step by step.
if necessary you can delete my progress in the game  saved to start again
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
Firstly, can you please let me know your name?
Good evening, my name is NAME-M.
I'm doing well yes
Look, I am having a problem.
My PRS-ORG account was created in 2019
And with an email that I no longer access
I can log in to the PRS-ORG website with that account.
But I would like to make an account in the companion
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please indicate your name?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
Well, and what about you?
Thank you.
So, my contact is because of a difficulty I have.
I have two consoles that share the same PRS-ORG account, but I would like to disconnect one of the accounts and create a PRS-ORG account for each console.
PRS-ORG
Once I unlink the PRS-ORG account on this console, will I be able to create a new account for it?
My gamertag on PRS-ORG is NAME-N
So it no longer has any link with the PRS-ORG?
Thank you NAME-M, you helped me a lot.
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you please give me your name?
Good evening, NAME-M
I am not managing to stay online on my PRS-ORG 18 in PRS-ORG
The following message appears: “We regret to inform you, but at the moment the PRS-ORG servers are inoperative.
We are trying to solve this problem.
The following message appears: “We are sorry but at the moment the PRS-ORG Servers are out of order. We are trying to solve this problem. Please try again later.
this has been happening for many days already
I mean, months
Hard to believe it
It has been going on for months
Thanks for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name for me?
My name is NAME-M.
thank you , I am fine yes , I linked my facebook account and did not receive the token in the game
and there is only 2 hours left to get that token
actually it was on youtube
I wrote it wrong
I actually did it through YouTube and did not receive the token
EMAIL
The account in the game is the same as the youtube one
ok
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
Firstly, please can you tell me your name?
NAME-M
I bought PRS-ORG and still couldn’t play it
After the opening screen, where it says "press any button" I press it and it freezes
freezes and doesn't come out
I keep trying to fix the game and try again but it won't work
EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good evening NAME-N
NAME-M, my name is
I did the DME icon selection on 25/01, but I received a single pack of icons
In the PRS-ORG I noticed that some are already receiving the correct package and I would like information
My email is EMAIL
Could you confirm?
Will they receive what?
The player pic?
What page of PRS-ORG should I follow?
There is nothing there on the page
Just a lot of complaints for the same reason
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To start with, may I have your name please?
NAME-M
I am well thank God and with you, NAME-N ?
My game does not load, and an error message keeps appearing
I have already uninstalled and installed 2 times
And it continues to persist.
Unknown error, an unexpected error has occurred.
Please try again.
This message appears on the login screen
Okay
Everything alright
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-F.
To begin with, can you tell me your name please?
Good morning
I'd like to try to recover an old PRS-ORG account
of which I no longer have access to the email
I had the following email: EMAIL
However, some time ago I changed this domain to EMAIL
And everything that was linked to it stopped arriving in the new domain.
One replaced the other
The registered e-mail address was: EMAIL
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-N.
To begin with, could you please indicate your name?
NAME-M
I am having trouble to enter the game
I can even log in to the PRS-ORG site but can’t connect to the game
It says my e-mail is invalid
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Help Desk, my name is NAME-M.
To start, can you please tell me your name?
Good day 🙋🏽‍♂️
My ALPHANUMERICID is closing by itself in the middle of matches, I have already deleted the game and reinstalled it but the problem continues .
I am not able to play PRS-ORG
I have already lost about 5 games on PRS-ORG with this problem
Nothing appears on the screen, the game simply shuts down
Sometimes the game freezes and closes by itself , and sometimes it closes for no apparent reason
I have already deleted the game and installed it again, I have also restarted my PRS-ORG. Is it factory reset because I thought it was the video game, but only the PRS-ORG is closing like this
Especially in matches of PRS-ORG , PRS-ORG
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, can you give me your name, please?
My name is NAME-M.
Hey
So, I want to know how to unsubscribe my packages
So
But it's not possible to have PRS-ORG anymore
Only PRS-ORG app
I only have the PRS-ORG APP
I can not access the book I acquired on 01/21.
I have already created the account, but it is not possible to complete the process, the system does not accept the passwords entered.
I kindly ask for guidance on how to cancel as I was also unable to do so through the website.
EMAIL
January 14, 2021
The divine code of life
Please the refund
Please
How to do it without being through the site?
I paid with a credit card.
If I don't receive the e-mail, how should I proceed?
Do you have an email I can report to?
Ok, I'm waiting.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-M.
To begin with, may I please have your name?
NAME-M
They just invaded my account, I contacted you I was robbed, I lost my team, my coins and even the PRS-ORG sent me a message saying that I am distributing coins, they must be joking with me
Not at all, since I would be distributing coins, how could I block all accounts that have bought from my account?
At least everything that was listed tonight
How would I know that?
Yes.
Coins
Players
I played 1 game of rivals at around 19:00
Okay
I will contact you tomorrow
Thank you for contacting the PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-N.
To start, can you tell me your name please?
good day
NAME-N My name
I requested PRS-ORG refund on the 02 but it was not updated or I did not get an email confirming it
nothing of the kind
this is the request #PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
any return ?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help, my name is NAME-M.
To begin, can you please tell me your name?
NAME-M
my  PRS-ORG App is not updating at the rate of the internet speed
is far below normal
in the case the problem is to update the game through the app
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Helpdesk, my name is NAME-F.
To start, can you please indicate your name?
My PRS-ORG prime gamer package, I can not receive
My name is NAME-M
About the ultimete tem package of primegamer
Every month, one is available for linked accounts.
This month I didn't receive it
I BOUGHT AN E-BOOK AND #PRS_ORG# DOESN'T LET ME ACCESS IT!
#EMAIL#
THE NEUROSCIENCE OF HAPPINESS
I NEVER BOUGHT IT BEFORE, IT WAS MY FIRST E-BOOK
MY FIRST
BUY
Zip code?
WHAT POSTAL CODE?
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
#ADDRESS#
Zip code #PHONENUMBER#
#ADDRESS#
REGION IN WHICH DEVICE?
#PRS_ORG#
I am not sure of the email.
WHICH I USED IN THE #PRS_ORG# ACCOUNT..
I was able to access the #PRS_ORG# account
however on the right corner , after clicking on the login I didn't find the link of #PRS_ORG#
I can not find the book I bought
Hi #NAME#
I was talking to his colleague
#EMAIL#
around the day 05/01
it was the only purchase I made, via the #PRS_ORG#.
A msg appears saying that the book was integrated into #PRS_ORG#
then I went to access this app and there is nothing there
you who knows.
The person said he was going to send a book to my account and it was up to me to tell him which book
ok
how do I do it
I bought the e-book #PRS_ORG# on the #PRS_ORG# website which recognises the payment on 28/12/20 but it was not made available on my #PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
The purchase was made on 28/12.
Before this, the last book that I bought was O Reacionário by #NAME#
28/12/20##NUMBER#, but the book was not added to my library.
Sure.
#PRS_ORG#
Correct.
In my reader or on the computer, I didn’t understand the question.
Yes, please wait a little while.
Ok, I'm already sending the attachment.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thanks, I'll check that.
Ok!
I received it, thank you very much.
No, everything is okay.
Yes, I will.
I'm not able to open my book.
#EMAIL#
Jesus the inspiration of luminous relationships.
It is in the ebook, but when he clicks on it, it does not open and gives an error.
That
It keeps on running then it closes and afterwards it stays orange.
No
#PRS_ORG#
No
I don't have it.
Sorry it's another account #EMAIL#
#NUMBER#
I don't see it anymore
And now?
It doesn't appear
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I made it.
Yes
It's downloading.
It's there now, thank you
No thank you for having solved the problem
Good day, I constantly have problems accessing my account on #PRS_ORG#!
I enter my username and password correctly but the following message appears: "We did not find an account with this e-mail address or password.
Check if you have typed it correctly."
ok
#EMAIL#
I think it was the book #PRS_ORG#
That's right.
ok, waiting
In the #PRS_ORG# software, installed on my desktop(notebook), I log in with my login and password and the following message appears: "We didn't find an account with this e-mail address or password.
Check if you typed it correctly."
The login and the password I once used and I was able to access the account!
So, what is the procedure to fix this problem?
Yesterday night I accessed directly via #PRS_ORG# and I was able to access, but today I tried to access and I can't!
I accessed via #PRS_ORG# yesterday and today I am unable to!
What is going on?
a moment I will try
ok, I got it
thank you
No worries, everything is fine!
Thank you
MY MAIL #EMAIL#
YOUR EMAIL #email#
DEAR SIRS.
I have never had problems purchasing any book.
BUT NOW I CHANGED MY CARD TO VISA PREPAID-E AND I MADE A MISTAKE.
WHAT COULD IT BE?
RECENT PURCHASE: SPIRIT GUIDES: 3 EASY STEPS TO CONNECTING...BY #NAME#
YES
YES
MESSAGE:" Oops, an error occurred!
REVIEW YOUR PAYMENT INFORMATION AND TRY AGAIN.
THE DATA ARE CORRECT #PRS_ORG# I HAVE MADE ANOTHER PURCHASE ON #PRS_ORG# AND IT WORKED
YES IT IS ACTIVE AND HAS BALANCE
I am in #PRS_ORG#
YES.
I OPENED THE INCANONYMOUS WINDOW AND IT STAYS THE SAME.
IT SAYS THAT IT FAILS.
OK
Hello, I bought five books on the #PRS_ORG#, however, three of them do not show up on the account.
They have already tried to help me, but as it was not possible, they asked me to come to you.
Hello, I bought five books from #PRS_ORG#, but three of them did not show up in the account. They tried to help me, but it was not possible, so they asked me to contact you.
I made the purchase on January 20
But through #PRS_ORG#
It wasn’t done directly via the #PRS_ORG# app
I am doing this.
They still do not appear.
Signed out
What now?
Hello
Yes, I am.
YOU sign back in
I logged in with my Cultura account
The missing books did not appear
#PRS_ORG#
ok
It did not resolve the problem
Yes
Including the staff of the bookstore accessed my account and tried to do the manual inclusion of the books, but still didn't work
OK
Regarding your request, protocol #NUMBER#, request #PHONENUMBER#-01
- THE MYSTERY OF #PRS_ORG#
#NAME#
#NAME#
These are the ones that did not enter
It worked!
They are already showing up here
They appear yes.
Thank you very much
Hello
I do not need anything else.,Thank you
Hello, good afternoon.
My #PRS_ORG# is no longer recognised by my computer.
We have already tested it on three different computers, including different cables too.
What could be the problem?
Thank you.
The computer is not recognizing my #PRS_ORG# any longer.
I do not remember..
Can you help me out without that date?
Every time I connect to the computer...
Ah, I did not understand.
It started about a month ago, more or less.
Mine is the #PRS_ORG#
Imagine.
Yes, it is working properly, it's even charging normally when connected to the cable.
This
Two or three different cables
Yes, I am
Sorry, I did not understand.
Is it so I can keep trying with the cable?
I have even reset it and it still isn't
Is there any assistance I can go to?
But is it common for this to happen?
Why because I have tried with all the cables here at home and nothing.
I already did the reset, and it didn't work.
Is there any phone I can call?
Or some technical assistance?
Only online?
But it's that these instructions no longer work... I would like someone to see my e-reader.
I will keep trying, but I don’t think it will work again “out of nowhere”
Okay.
Thank you then.
I'll see what I can do and get back to you...
Thank you!
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Oops!
There was an issue, and we're having trouble loading this page at the moment.
Please try again later.
Internal server error
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There's been a problem and, at the moment, it's not possible to load this page.
Please try again later.
#EMAIL#
attempt at first purchase yesterday and today
in the #PRS_ORG# app in android 9, in #PRS_ORG# in android 9
I also tried in Chrome at #PRS_ORG#
no
Transaction in progress...
you stay too long on this message
and then it gives the error
yes
it's taking a long time too
I bought a 10€ card.
I scratched the pin on the card
ok I already edited it
I will try to buy.
ok it worked
Thank you for your purchase.
Your order number is #PHONENUMBER#.
you have already made the checkout
thank you.
goodbye
it's just me
Good afternoon
I was talking with another attendant and then disconnected the chat
#EMAIL#
I bought the book "coisas de Gabriel " at the bookstore #PRS_ORG# on 01/14
But it doesn't appear here at #PRS_ORG#
Ok.
I am waiting
Ok
Ok.
Thank you
I'm finding strange because I bought 2 books in the same order.
One was an ebook and one was a physical book.
And they only sent me the NF for the physical, together with the physical book.
I entered the Cultura website and the ebook is in the order
And the option to get the fiscal note does not show up on the Cultura site
the truth is I used a gift card and paid the difference
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
That's the email I received from them
I'll get in touch with them tomorrow then
Thank you!
That's all, really.
Have a great day too!
Hello!
I need help to start reading on the #PRS_ORG# reader.
I have already synchronized, I already purchased the first book (approved card) and I still can't open the book.
#EMAIL#
Today, a few minutes ago
One moment
#NAME#
I can see the book yes, but when I click on it, it appears a message that orders to synchronize.
I've already done it many times.
Appeared synchronized ok
Then ask to contact support
What are you up to?
Okay.
Done
Now I'll start over
I need help with a purchased ebook that does not appear on my account
good afternoon
I bought an e-book yesterday on the site of #PRS_ORG#
Good afternoon.
settlement of #NAME#
The suppliers... bought yesterday on the website of #PRS_ORG#
on my e-reader on my cell phone
I have my obo account open on my smartphone, and it’s still resyncing. It still doesn’t show up.
I am going to open the ereader
I'm fixing it
Certainly.
The book appeared
thank you
it was just that
good evening
Good afternoon,
I tried to order 2 ebooks but when I advance to process the payment (after entering the card number) it stays in processing and does not advance..
Dear,
I have not made a purchase yet.
I am trying to make a purchase but when I go to process the payment (after inserting my card number) it stays on processing and does not go ahead..
Website and application
I have already tried with both
It does not have any special characters
I am only trying to process the payment and the page does not advance. It stays in processing.
Yes.. the same happens
Yes
I am doing this now
One minute please
Right now, try to create a new account with a new email
And moved on to the "review" step
but when I press the "complete purchase" button nothing happens
yes
I have already been able to pass this stage.
Already accepted the payment method but did not complete the purchase
There is no error message
When I press the “complete purchase” button nothing happens
yes
I do not have #PRS_ORG#
but the site has already accepted the payment
it just doesn't advance to the last step
I already succeeded.
I bought ebooks and now they won't open
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, but it was in #NUMBER#
They are the books, the bulwark of paradise and the new times
Not when I try to open it, it goes back to the main menu
Smartphone
I believe so
Play store
#PRS_ORG#
Okay
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
I've already done this procedure several times.
Since February 3rd, I have been unable to complete the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# site.
When I click to complete the purchase, I get the following message: Oops, an error occurred!
Please review your payment information and try again.
I've already tried several times, but in vain.
Since February 3rd, I have been unable to complete the purchase of books on the #PRS_ORG# website.
The last book I bought was on the 2nd of February, Seasons of Callan Read
Thank you.
Okay.
I just wanted to apologize that the correct name of the book I mentioned above is The Seasons of #NAME#
No, I make the purchase on the #PRS_ORG# website.
I have already logged in
Sorry, but I don't know how to sign out in Incognito mode...
ok, I was able to open an anonymous window, thank you
So, now I click on end session?
Ok, I'll try then
I still can't complete the purchase...
Oops, an error occurred!
Check your payment information and try again.
ok
I still can't...
Okay
Okay.
I am still waiting for the page to load
Still not working...
ok
It also doesn't work
I usually use #PRS_ORG#.
#PRS_ORG#
Thank you very much for the help.
I'm waiting, then.
Thank you and likewise!
Good afternoon,
I bought an ebook through the wrong account, I'd like to know if I can transfer it to the correct account, or receive a refund for the book's value.
Thank you very much,
Hello,
Yes, #EMAIL# (I logged in through #PRS_ORG#), the correct account is #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
Receipt Number: #PHONENUMBER#
But what I wanted was to transfer the ebook to the email #EMAIL# because that's the one I use and that I have associated with my ereader
Okay
Then what do I have to do?
An error occurred processing your request.
request
On the website, through my computer
It says that no account was found with that email
I tried using the email associated with the #PRS_ORG# account and the email #PRS_ORG# created for me
You can't associate your two accounts, since they are from the same provider, #PRS_ORG#.
Reply
I already did this
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot-2021-02-04-at-13.47.19.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you
Done!
Thank you very much
The problem continues.
#EMAIL#
I don't remember...
It must be over 5 months.
It must be more than 5 months
I don't remember...
Problem continues
Problem remains
In Italian?
?Is it really?
The ta...best
Rsrs
I cannot open one of my books by the #PRS_ORG#, the foundations of Paradise volume 2
I have already been assisted by this channel, but unfortunately the advice did not work
I was advised as follows:
1
On the home screen of your #PRS_ORG# app, tap the three horizontal bars on the left side.
2.
Tap on Help and Feedback at the bottom of the menu.
3
Tap Repair Your Account.
4
Tap on Fix.
I did that, but nothing... before only one book
Now I'm not able to open any book
Yes
The Foundation of Heaven volume 2
After I exit the #PRS_ORG#, the initial screen you're referring to is the mobile browser, correct?
PRS_ORG#
This
Ok
Okay
I will do that.
Good day,
I can't get access to a book I purchased a while ago (GTD).
Can you help me?
#EMAIL#
GTD Make it happen
I deceived myself #PRS_ORG# doing things right
I was not able to access it.
I see the book and I see that it has 34% read but I can not open it
yes
#PRS_ORG#
I am on a pc.
I don't see this option
I have no repair.
so turn it off
it is solved
Thanks.
That is it.
thank you
Hello,
I am trying to download my purchased books on my account #PRS_ORG# to transfer to my device #PRS_ORG#.
I followed the step-by-step instructions on the website, but I can't export the book to the EPUB version that will allow me to transfer it to #PRS_ORG#.
How do I do that?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
Sure.
I'll check it out
the title was
At the time of the decision
I bought it through my smartphone
I already know how to do that
the file appears in my computer but I can't install it in the #PRS_ORG#
yes
I am
I did not receive an error message
The file format does not enter the #PRS_ORG#.
but it should, according to what it says on the #PRS_ORG# website
that any book can be downloaded and transferred to another device
of another brand
can I open it in the #PRS_ORG#
what the #PRS_ORG# site says is that from #PRS_ORG# I can convert it to the EPUB format
can you tell me if there is another way to do this?
etting
thank you
I bought a book and it's not available to me.
not in "my books" in my login
#EMAIL#
09/02/21
yellow dog
from #NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
they are the ones who sent me to you to solve the problem
the pgto was confirmed by them
the same
I'm taking care of it, please wait
I tried to send it in .
doc but it isn’t accepted.
How can I send it?
Visitor uploaded: yellow-dog.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Serve?
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER##PHONENUMBER#_pagi_1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I'm accessing.
wait
taking advantage, I tried to download a free book "reason to kill" and I had to do the entire purchase procedure.
it is not available either
I ordered it yesterday
the problem is repeating itself
it says I have it but it's not available
It worked.
I forgot to synchronize.
thank you.
can we close the chat
Okay.
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
how much time for delivery??
How long for delivery??
that is what you think
is it possible to cancel it
How??
thank you
the delivery takes a long time
is it possible to make the delivery faster
I need it with urgency.
is it possible to cancel?
I understand.
I can cancel.
Thank you.
thank you, I don't need to do anything else
Thank you.
I can't view a title that I purchased in #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
The challenging sale
okay
The challenging sale
desktop
I'll do it
Appeared
Thank you very much!!
Just that
thank you.
Good evening, I bought a #PRS_ORG# today and when I tried to use the dictionary function while reading a book, it tells me that no definition was found.
I have already tried in 3 books in Portuguese and a book in English.
I have already uninstalled and re-installed the dictionaries and it still doesn't work
Good evening, I bought #PRS_ORG# today and when I tried to use the dictionary function it told me that no definition was found. I tried it with three Portuguese books and one in English. I already uninstalled and reinstalled the dictionaries and it still doesn't work.
To alienate the dragonfly trapped in the amber bought today 14/02/#NUMBER#
Yes
There you go.
It asks to sync.
Synchronize?
Just on the device
Okay it asked for an update
Do I update now?
I already updated it
It's working now
Thank you very much
I bought an ebook but it isn't on my ebook list
My email is #NAME#
Up to now I have not had one.
I see...
On the #PRS_ORG# computer
I do not know on the phone.
Sorry, but it is the first time that I buy an ebook.
ebook
Ok
EStá bien
Ready
Yes, I already logged in.
I entered my books
And it appears
I clicked on the same one
I clicked on the cover twice and a page with a synopsis, and now?
On the computer it is not working correctly, I will try on my phone, I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
I’ll try and if I can’t I’ll bother you again, thank you for now
Likewise!!!
Good morning, is it possible to buy newspapers at the store of #PRS_ORG#?
Hello #NAME#, is it possible to read my subscription to #PRS_ORG#?
#EMAIL#
I still haven’t bought any books yet
I would like to use my #PRS_ORG# subscription
It doesn't hurt
Could you answer my question?
Excuse me, did you read my question?
I did not talk about books
I saw that #PRS_ORG# has a section for News and Mags but I don't know how to access that section
Thank you.
Yes, I would like to give feedback, because in this case I bought it specifically for that purpose
Good afternoon,
I am not able to set up my #PRS_ORG#.
I've tried many times and it doesn't go beyond the same initial message.
Hello,
#NAME#
Hello
thank you
#PRS_ORG#
no, what happens is that the screen does not leave this message (in the attachment), despite the pc application saying that the synchronization is finished
Visitor uploaded: #ALPHANUMERIC_ID#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the wifi either
no, it was offered to me by someone who no longer wanted it
Sure, thank you.
Yes, I already downloaded the #PRS_ORG# desktop app.
done
nothing happened, it stayed in the screen I sent the photo.
what does it mean "download the #PRS_ORG# desktop"
yes
done
I will try with another cable
It worked!
that was the problem
no, thank you very much!
Good afternoon
I'm back in touch
I bought an e-book yesterday and I am not able to access it
Good afternoon.
16/02/21
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Sent the copy of the invoice
I need a return.
I don’t want a refund
I want the book.
What's that?
I'm trying in the #PRS_ORG#
Sorry for my ignorance
By phone
They say that it doesn't exist
Look, I'm tired of this push and pull game, I call, they send me to talk to you, I speak here and they say it's over there
First and Last Purchase
I want a solution
I don't want a refund
Good morning, I want to buy the e-book, but I can't log in to #PRS_ORG# using the same password as #PRS_ORG#.
How to do it?
#EMAIL#
I have no idea, it must be more than a year by now.
hello
one moment
I am looking into it.
Watch The Rise of the Third Reich
ok
then
Indeed, when choosing #PRS_ORG#, it doesn't accept the same password as #PRS_ORG#
Do you understand?
I can't get in touch with them.
They do not answer the contact phone
I did not find a chat like this one
difficult
Yes
okay
This is better.
I am waiting for the email then?
agreed, thank you
Thank you.
Good evening, I am no longer able to access the book I was reading (purchased on #PRS_ORG#).
I think it was because I was on my computer.
I was only 10% through reading it.
How can I solve it?
I think it's #EMAIL#
if not, it may be the #EMAIL#
Thank you.
In #PRS_ORG#, I had access to the book and now, when I click, it says it's not possible to access it.
thank you I'm trying it
I am restarting
It is already fixed!
If I want to share a book with my mom (like I would with a physical book) could I do that?
Yes, I know, I was asking, for comparison
In other words, I would like my mother to be able to read a book I bought on #PRS_ORG# is there any way for this to happen?
or would I have to lend you my personal #PRS_ORG#?
In other words, can my account be used on two #PRS_ORG# devices simultaneously?
Perfect, thank you very much :)
Likewise!
Thank you for the help!
I bought the ebook: UNLOCKING OUR HOME, on 22/02/#### and up until now it has not appeared on the #PRS_ORG# for me to read.
I bought it on the #PRS_ORG#, it shows as sent to the #PRS_ORG# there.
I spoke to them on the phone and they said that you are the ones who have to solve the problem.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase date February 22nd/#NUMBER#.
Title of the ebook: UNCOVERING OUR HOME.
I'm going to get it right now, it's just a moment.
How can I send it to you?
Does only her number work?
It's in PDF format.
I will try to take a screenshot.
but send me the email.
Okay.
I will send it, just a moment.
I sent the invoice by email.
It's in PDF.
Okay.
I am grateful, for your attention!
Ok.
Correct.
I will do that now in the #PRS_ORG# app on my phone.
Now it appeared.
Thank you very much!
Will the same problem occur in my next purchase?
Good evening, thank you so much!
Now I've returned.
As the network crashed, I don’t know if you are online
hello #NAME#, I am returning.
my email is #EMAIL#
I entered this email at #PRS_ORG# and only the book Dom Casmurro showed up.
How do I access the others in #PRS_ORG#?
I think your suggestion is preferable because #EMAIL# is the email entry in #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
But where will I find the e-books to synchronize?
Great!
Thank you
I synced, but no books were added in My Books yet
yes, it is
Hallelujah!!!
It worked.
Thank you so much #NAME#.
Thanks.
Everything is in order.
Health and luck!
Hug
Questions about book purchases and invoices
#EMAIL#
I have not used it yet
while making a purchase, can you read in different devices?
Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#?
And can the billing be with my company's data?
ok
I'm going to check on the account then
where do I put the company data and NIF?
I give the company data to get the invoice'
I am not finding anything
just account
By the way, accounts.
I can't see my account
I can not view the e-book "ifrs, creative accounting and fraud" by the author #NAME#, which I have already paid for through the bank slip, since 02/18/2021
#EMAIL#
IFRS, creative accounting, and fraud
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
Yes I do
I am
I have already repaired it
Great, it is already on my account.
Thank you very much
Attention, grade 10
Just this, thank you very much 😁
Equally, I will indeed rate you for the excellent service
I did not receive the Ebook I purchased.
I downloaded #PRS_ORG#, registered and cannot access it.
#EMAIL#
Ebook: UNCOVERING OUR HOME, bought on 22/02/#NUMBER#
It was in this email here that I made the purchase and signed up with #PRS_ORG#
Yes.
No.
I have the email open waiting.
I sent the email with the code that you sent me.
I tried to link it and it didn't work.
I followed these steps and it didn't work.
I want to know exactly what the problem is.
When I go to options and click on #PRS_ORG# there is no option to link this account.
I'll try.
Hello, are #NAME# plans for gyms?
Hello, are the #PRS_ORG# plans for gyms?
not for companies, but individual plans that a natural person can hire to attend gyms
How does the different plans work?
Hello #NAME#
Thank you for letting me know the values!
And I am looking for a plan that will allow me to attend physical gyms, for example, 24 hours, AMC, and not online classes.
hello, I'm here
thank you for the information
Have a good week
Good day.
Yesterday I scheduled a class but the attempt was frustrated.
Yesterday I scheduled a class but it was frustrated.
I would like to have my credit back and not be charged any additional amount.
Thank you.
Correct!
Thank you #NAME#.
Hello!
After not reading on the app for a while, I logged in and my ebooks were gone.
They were books from #NAME#.
My other question is whether I can download them to my #PRS_ORG# drive or print them.
Thank you!
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
No merit, #NAME#
Hi, I'll be glad to assist you today
Okay.
There isn't one there
I had one but I deleted the account.
Now it's just that
#EMAIL#.
I had to switch the account with you but it seems to have worked
I would like you to transfer to the #PRS_ORG# account, please, so that I can cancel the other one
There were many of the #NAME#
Well, if you need me to tell you some titles, they are: #PRS_ORG#, not merit, marketing and archetype
OK, just a second
It has #NAME#.
I'll look into it.
my daughter has account #PRS_ORG# and she is not able to acquire a book
My daughter (who has the problem now is: #EMAIL#
or I can purchase it in my account and allow my daughter to read it
Hello #NAME#!
My daughter has account #PRS_ORG# and she is having trouble getting a book
Or can I acquire it in my account and allow my daughter to read it?
Yes?
A water clock
water
$11.99
We've already tried to purchase through her #PRS_ORG# Reader and through my PC.
we haven't managed to do this on either
Until now I guess it didn't charge my credit card.
But I also can't be sure at this moment, because sometimes it takes some time until the banking system synchronizes the transactions
No.
It has not expired.
Or can I buy it in my account and allow my daughter to read it?
The thing is that I also have an account with #PRS_ORG#, through which I purchased 2 e-readers
Ah!
That means I can always buy books with my account and share with my daughters, or I can only share once?
I didn't realize.
Yes
So confirm ff whether the purchase was made or not, so I can try again in a different way,
Ok?
thank you
No.
everything is in order.
Thank you and good afternoon
I purchased a quote of an English ebook, it was #URL# my credit card, but it doesn't appear on my #PRS_ORG# where to download it.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME# is the author...ebook in English
No, because I didn't buy it from #PRS_ORG#.
I bought it direct from #PRS_ORG# card #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
No
#EMAIL#
But I don't use them
I will check and let you know.
I need another information.
How do I buy English ebooks?
OK.
I'll try.
Thank you.
Maybe a.co
The purchase didn't go through because of the language...
That's fine.
Thank you #NAME# for your attention.
I found a debit, and then I saw it was an old one
No thanks.
I'm talking to #PRS_ORG# where I bought it.
It has an acquisition number.
😊
Problem with file
#EMAIL#
February 5
Thank you, #NAME#
I bought the ebook Aprenda a viver o agora today from #NAME#
When I try to open it, it gives an error, informing that it is not possible to open the document
I have already synced the eReader 3 times and the same error continues to occur
In the eReader of the #PRS_ORG#
Ok
I am restoring it right now.
I am following the restoration update bar.
I'll let you know as soon as I've updated, OK?
Hello
It's at the end of the update
I just tried it
And it didn't open.
It follows with the same error
The following notification appears: "Oops!
The following notification appears: "Oops!
Okay
One moment
Just a moment.
It's downloading the books again
One moment.
It worked
Thank you very much!
Good job :)
No
I have already helped.
Thank you very much.
I was on chat with #NAME#, I did everything I was told to do, and I can't finish my purchase because you tell me there was an error
#EMAIL#
Several, Terra Alta
I have already spoken to your colleague #NAME#, and have done as he said to do, but the problem continues
Which information did you delete?
They are taking me for a ride.
I already did that.
Read what they're saying sff
I can't finish the purchase check-out.
I don’t know what your colleague did, or not.
I can't finalize purchases at #PRS_ORG#
Do you want to address the subject, or not?
I have already added the information
But here it seems that the problem is not about following standard but about customizing the problem and finding a solution
I only have one credit card.
I've always used the same one without problems
Then the same thing happens, I get another agent and it all starts again
How do you expect me to feel if you don't do anything?
There are no missing information, all of them are there
I will try again.
Hi I can't access my ebook which I purchased on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
12 / 02 LETTERS FROM A STOIC, VOLUME I
The same email, I use on #PRS_ORG#...and on the #PRS_ORG# account.
I only purchased this one and I can't access it through the #PRS_ORG# account.
I added another ebook to #PRS_ORG# ENCONTRO PROIBIDO
I'll check.
I'm going to send you a picture
Visitor uploaded: Sem-título.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I found it in my email
I am going to send it to you.
just 1 minute
Visitor uploaded: Inbox-(1080)#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
sorry
I will send it to you
complete
Visitor uploaded: Nota-fiscal.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Thank you, I will check it out.
Yes
it was added
just that
thank you very much
for your attention
thank you very much
Good morning
I need help to recover and transfer the books: education against barbarism, the #PRS_ORG# from the #EMAIL# account to my
#PRS_ORG# account
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
thanks to the help of #NAME# I was able to rescue one book but there are two missing
yes
because I cannot try on the #PRS_ORG# account
Education against barbarism and the circuit of emotions.
I can't
Please could you make the transfer to me.
It did not arrive
I am trying to see the books on my cellphone #PRS_ORG#
Thank you it worked I was able to recover the book.
not only the three I bought and the ones I already had in the #PRS_ORG# account.
yes, thank you
Good afternoon!
God bless you.
I bought the ebook Mindset Change - a new way to think about education.
The purchase was made in the culture, but I can't open it in the #PRS_ORG#.
According to the bookstore, the ebook has a bug and I should seek support from you.
I bought the ebook Mindset Change - a new way of thinking about education. The purchase was made at Cultura, but I can't open it on the #PRS_ORG#. According to the bookstore, the ebook is malfunctioning and I should seek support from you.
15/01/#NUMBER#
the book is: Mindset Change - a new way of thinking about education
No, just this email
I also made a preview of the book.
but I made a purchase at #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
this is the email with the purchase confirmation
but, I can access the note yes
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I haven’t received the PDF with the Note or the XML from the bookstore yet
but, accessing my account on #PRS_ORG#, this msg appears that it has already been settled.
Also, I received the following message from the Cultura:
Everything OK?
Thank you for the new opportunity;
Paying attention to your email, about the order #PHONENUMBER#, we talked with the #PRS_ORG# and it was detected that the ebook has a fault.
They asked you to contact the #PRS_ORG# support directly through CHAT.
the book appears in the library
now
I will do the reading ... o
thank you
likewise
Good afternoon!
I'm trying to play an audiobook, but it only plays 4 minutes.
Good day!
The duke and I
Yes, that's the one.
Smartphone
I just did.
The problem was solved.
You're welcome!
No.
Thank you so much for your help.
Good afternoon to you.
Good evening yesterday I received my #PRS_ORG# and it does not give me the dictionary or the translator.
I would like you to help me if you don't mind.
#EMAIL#
URL: #URL#
Dear Sir/Madam,
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes I have already done everything
Visitor uploaded: image.jpg
URL: #URL#
Translate the Portuguese source text to English, given the context.
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
And dps when I try to use it, it appears like this
I would like you to help me, thank you
Yes
I bought it just today
Yes
Are you alright
Okay
It already works, thank you, best regards
I need some help to find my book I just bought
#EMAIL#
the girl on the train
please
my receipt of account #PHONENUMBER#
#PRS_ORG#
sapiens
where?
so I tried the sync button
as this is what the website said
and nothing was entered
How do I do that?
done
ok
I synced and it didn't work
Okay
yes
nothing
yes
How do I do it?
Yes
Thank you
appeared
it is downloading
Thank you for your help.
Yes, that's fine.
not very welcome
I would like to know the values of the subscription plans
She Is everything okay?
#NAME#
I would like to know how the monthly subscription works - values and if I can use it in weightlifting classes.
Is it in Euros?
not in real?
can you see how many credits you use for #PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
Thanks!
I found it a bit expensive for someone who goes 3 times a week...
Good evening.
I would like to report that the monthly fee was charged again without me being able to confirm my return to the gym.
I haven’t gone out for safety reasons mainly because we’re in the red phase.
I would like to ask for a refund, please.
I canceled my plan but they still charged me.
Please await my return.
Thank you.
Yes.
Please.
Yes
Yes.
I prefer.
I do not have where to use all the credits I have
I would like the reimbursement
Yes.
Thank you.
I will observe if the refund was made in these days.
Can't I transfer my credits to someone else?
I understand.
Thank you
I'd like to know the prices of all the packages for physical persons.
Good morning!
I need to know the values and cannot find them on the website
can you help me?
I'm trying to know what your packages are, are they monthly credits?
I want to know the value of #NUMBER# credits for example
Improper charges
Hello
How are you?
Hello!
A payment from your company appeared on my credit card.
But no longer a client
CPF #PHONENUMBER#
Phone #PHONENUMBER#
I don't remember.
maybe it was by #PRS_ORG#
or #EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
#EMAIL#
right, by CPF, you can't find anything?
Card ending in #NUMBER# Mastercard
I don't have
Can I cancel the payment with the bank then?
I already sent you my CPF, unfortunately I don't have any other emails
maybe you lost my contacts
#NAME#
Brazil
#PHONENUMBER#
But what can I do then?
there was an #PRS_ORG# charge on my credit card
I want your company to send me an email saying that I have no ties with you and that the value is not correct
#EMAIL#
I am at work and cannot stay much longer
tá bom
Thank you!
#NAME#
An incorrect charge was made in my account.
#NAME#
I do not have all of this information on hand.
I can't remember the day I cancelled
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
#PHONENUMBER#
04/21
I just don't remember the cancellation date.
08/10/##NUMBER##
Hello, good evening!
How are you?
Hello #NAME#, how are you?
I would like to reactivate my subscription, if there is a 14 day free period
and also for a lower value/plan
because when I click on reactivate
the value automatically filled in is #NUMBER# with 30 credits.. and I want it to be 99 with up to 15 credits
can you help me?
here is a print of my screen
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
could you check if I can get the benefit of the 10 credit (14 days for free)?
I want to try out a studio and want to make sure I can cancel my plan, if I don't like the studio.
I can't find the Pilates studio I go to to schedule a class
#PRS_ORG#
that was where I did my last lesson
I'll try again.
I didn't make any reservation for #NUMBER#.
Are there any reservations today?
when I search for the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
1
#PRS_ORG#
2. When I search the term "#PRS_ORG#", two options appear:
#PRS_ORG#
when I choose the option 1, the page #URL# opens.
And when I choose option 2 (the one I need to schedule the class), it opens the page #URL#
then, they are not serving #PRS_ORG#
Does it have anything to do with the pandemic?
Right?
Hello, I have a plan of 15 monthly credits and I can’t book a swimming class at #PRS_ORG#, every time I try it gives me an error with the payment.
Hi #NAME#
Yes
Can you tell me if I need to have a specific plan to reserve SWIM?
Yes, please
Good day.
I would like to know better how the credits work.
For example, with the plan that has 30 credits, how many classes do I have access to?
Thank you!
I also agree!
I am
I understood !
I would like to hire on average 2x per week to do pilates in a studio near my home
or any other activity that isn't a gym
fight, maybe
The plans are monthly, right?
Sorry ahaha I have one more question
on the homepage, the available plans and the quantity of credits appear
together, "book up to x classes" appears
How does it work?
is the amount of classes shown there weekly or monthly?
I understood.
thank you so much!
You are charging my card incorrectly
#NAME#
#PRS_ORG#
#NUMBER#
CANCELLATION DATE: It has been one year already
Charge: R$ #NUMBER#
No, I have been charged in recent months
on 26/12/#NUMBER# a charge was made
ops, 26/12/#NUMBER#
this
#NAME#, I would like to know how the plan works... for example, at R$ 189.00 I can use any gym, check in once a day, what is the price of each check in for classes, or massage?
#NAME#
#NAME#, I would like to know how the plan works... for example, for the value of R$189.00, can I use any gym, do a check in per day, what is the value of each check in for classes, or massage?
And how do I know how many credits I need for each class?
For example, in the #PRS_ORG#
I am in São Paulo.
Brazil
#URL#
for example, for this gym, do you know the value that would be debited to take a class?
Good afternoon!
I requested a quote and so far I have not had a response about the request.
I'm waiting for contact!
Hi
I asked for a quote and did not answer.
Yes, for corporate hiring.
Yes.
I work at #PRS_ORG# and I would like to know about corporate plans for the employees of #PRS_ORG#
1) Your work email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Company Name: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG#!
Hello #NAME#
I work at #PRS_ORG#, and I would like to know the corporate plans to hire for employees at #PRS_ORG#
I don't have an account with #PRS_ORG# yet!
Corporate details are as follows:
1) Your corporate email address through your company: #PRS_ORG#
2) Name of the company: #PRS_ORG#
3) Location: São Paulo
#PRS_ORG# does not!
I requested a quote through the Corporate Subscriptions page, but I have not heard back
Alright, I will generate the quote again.
Thank you!
Doubt Training/Credit
Hi
Good day
I have a doubt before signing up for a plan
If I sign up for #NUMBER# plan per month, can I only go to the gym 5 times a month because I only have 5 credits?
in my case I only want to go to the gym to workout in person
I don't really mind about online classes
dx I will see if I understand
if I subscribe to the #NUMBER# one, can I go to the gym to work out from Monday to Friday, and the credits are only for online classes?
I'm going to change my question
to see if you can understand properly
With the #NUMBER# plan can I go to the gym from Monday to Friday in the month to do my workout that I already have in mind without having to worry about this business of adding credit?
I am not interested in online classes or anything like that
I understand more or less
so one more thing
for example
the plan of #NUMBER# only gives 5 credits, if the normal class in the gym is 1 credit I can only go 5 times a month
hi.
kkkk
Is the minimum value of the gym from 1 credit to do physical exercise?
I understand.
thank you very much see you later
Good work.
kkk
Hello
Hi, don't you speak Portuguese?
thanks!
I would like to know how much credit do I need to go to the gym at least 3x a week
I didn't find any information on the site about the credits that the gyms charge...
I like the #PRS_ORG# on Av. Paulista
specifically yoga classes
okay
ok, thanks for the information.
Hello,
I WOULD LIKE INFORMATION
Hello #NAME#
I am #NAME#, I have a gym in Porto Alegre and would like more information about the service and the possibility of being a partner
ok, I will take a look and get back to you if I have any questions
doesn't this page exist in Portuguese?
TKS
No, thank you.
I would like to cancel
Just confirm if the cancelation was successful please
No
Good night!
I have already started two other chats, but they disappear.
I would like to receive the credit back for the classes that didn't happen
One stretching class on Saturday at the #PRS_ORG# gym, and one Astanga class at #PRS_ORG#
No.
The stretching class was on the 22nd of this month
And the Astanga class at #PRS_ORG# on October 5th
None occurred.
Okay :)
Howdy
I will let you know!
Thank you!!
Good evening!
Hello.
I would like to receive back the credits of classes that did not happen
Ok :)
Hello, I am having trouble managing my credits
It appears that the 24 credits that I have today will expire tomorrow, and I cannot schedule a class for next Saturday with these credits.
However, I'm only keeping my subscription active with you, in the pandemic with everything closed, because I received an email saying that the credits would not expire anymore in the cycle exchanges.
Ok
Yes
Ok, when consulting, the main issue is about the credits not expiring anymore
I am waiting for the email
Hugs
Hello!
I booked a lesson that didn't happen and didn't receive the credits back.
This is the second time it has happened.
I would like to receive the credit for the class that didn't happen back :)
Good morning, we are a national association with more than 40,000 servers in our database, and we would like to establish a partnership to offer plans at different values.
I await contact
Thanks, #NAME#.
can you please send me the form
Thank you so much for your interest in partnering with us!
Oii, I was charged for a plan I am not using, and I am requesting a return
And is it possible to give the subscription to someone else?
Why my money is not free to be spent just like that
Thank you very much!!
I would like to know the gyms in sao paulo
#NAME#
How do I know what is charged in each gym?
Do credits allow me to go to all gyms?
I understood.
Thanks.. I will think it over.
Brazilian Portuguese: subscription
Hi
I tried to do a subscription
charged my card
and blocked it
I was in doubt.
if it was or not
#EMAIL#
I made a registration for a 14 day trial
I informed the card.
#PRS_ORG#
and then blocked it
Blocked
#EMAIL#
#NAME#, I can't change my credit card on the website
Hi
I cannot update the data, my card is working normally
I have tried both.
even
none of them worked
Visitor uploaded: Screen-Shot-2021-02-03-at-14.04.17.png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Ok
I'll wait
Ok
I have a class at 4:45 p.m., I wanted to understand if I am going to be able to do it or if I need to cancel it since the account is suspended
Ok, I'll do that.
And what about the lesson?
Can I cancel without any cost until I solve this?
Just that of today itself because until I can speak with the bank, it might take a while!
That was it!
If there is any problem I will get back in contact
Thank you!
Do I cancel the class or you cancel it?
OK thank you.
Have a great day tb!
Brazilian Portuguese: Hello, good morning
I would like to know if I can suspend my subscription for a period
Hi #NAME#
Yes.
I need to take time off from classes, but I would like to keep my account.
and the credits
Yes
just confirm if it is possible to freeze the subscription
For how long will I be able to stay away?
the charge will be suspended
I understood.
So every month I will have to contact you to renew the suspension?
ok
what is the best day to call each month?
Good evening.
How are you doing today?
For the second time I arrived at the establishment to do yoga and my name was not on the list
I have been making the reservations normally and the credits too
Ok thanks.
Ok.
Thank you so much!
Tell her pf
That's it, good night
Hello, good morning.
I am trying to make a reservation at #PRS_ORG# and Functional Training - São Paulo - but it appears an error message.
I've already tried to book for two different time slots... How do I book?
Thank you #NAME#!
;)
No problem.
Do you need any information from me ?
#EMAIL#
Good afternoon
Hello good afternoon!
#NAME#, everything is great and I hope everything is well with you
I would like to cancel my #PRS_ORG#
how do I cancel ?
That link won't open
could you help me in another way ?
All set, I am waiting for your confirmation and if possible you could send an email with the confirmation of the cancellation
Is there any email confirmation?
Okay, thank you very much
Hello!
Hello! I am from Brazil and I saw that you have various affiliated gyms in São Paulo, but I am unable to access the values for Brazil.
Where do I see the price of my country?
Thank you.
Hi!
Thank you!
And how does it work?
Do I spend a credit with each class?
Can it be used in any affiliated gym?
I understand!
I am interested in the gym #PRS_ORG# of #PRS_ORG#
I understand.
And is there any other fee to pay, such as an enrollment fee, for example?
Will the prices be charged in Reals, so that I don't have to pay taxes for doing an international transaction?
Alright!
I will think about it and get back to you.
Thank you very much
That is all.
Thank you.
Hello, good evening.
I would like to ask a question.
Hello #NAME#
I would like to understand the plan of R$189 per month = 30 credits
Each reservation corresponds to 1 credit, is this correct?
And why not 30 credits but only for 9 classes?
Would there be 9 types of classes or only 9 classes in the monthly period?
I don't know if my question was clear 🥲
It was not made clear.
So, I can only make 9 reservations in this plan, is that right?
Ahhh I understood.
But why only 9 classes?
Is this the maximum of “options of classes” that I can choose in this plan, is that right?
For example: bike, pilates, yoga, swimming, weightlifting, etc..
Can't go over 9 options?
And what does it mean?
Umhmmmm
So I just pick these 9 classes off the top of my head?
lol
Perfect
That was it then
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund of my credits.
There's nothing available for my location to use.
How to recover the values?
Good afternoon.
I would like to request a refund of my credits.
Due to my location, there is nothing available to use.
How can I get my money back?
ok
Ok.
Thank you so much.
It wasn't being an advantage because I was not offering anything near where I live.
Thank you!
Good afternoon, I would like to know what activities there are in Campinas SP
Hi!
from what I saw
there is only 1 studio that accepts you guys here in Campinas
So there is only that studio?
Do you intend to have more in Campinas?
My book “Music” doesn’t show images either on #PRS_ORG# or on the phone.
Is there a better version?
Of course!
:) #EMAIL#
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
That is what happens.
It's the same on the mobile phone.
I don't know if I won't have the file corrupted or if it's a general problem
I just said that the error happens on Android... and it doesn't happen with any other book.
Yes, it did. :)
But only in this book
I know where to repair it, thank you
But is it worth repairing only because of 1 file giving problems?
The other books don't do this.
I made a purchase of a book using a different email from the initial setup and the purchase was accepted with an #PRS_ORG# offer card which was transmitted to the reader but I can not open it.
What to do?
#EMAIL#
#NAME#
Ok
Police
I am searching for the model designation, but it is the first one in your list
It still does not open
It is not resulting the book appears but does not open
a moment while I turn on the camera
#EMAIL#
it still does not open but I will send the information that appears
Visitor uploaded: informaçao-#PRS_ORG#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
it's already done.
is it to configure the ereader?
From PC?
I have.
Ok
okay and thank you
Yes, and thank you again for your attention.
likewise
Hi, how are you?
Some months ago, I had to restore the #PRS_ORG# app for PC.
When I did that I lost all my purchased books.
I would like to know how to recover them.
Thanks.
Contact phone: #PHONENUMBER#
My account was #EMAIL#.
However, that email no longer exists, it was hacked.
When I restored the app, it automatically changed to #EMAIL#
Sorry, I got it wrong.
It has always been #EMAIL#
Yes, please!
Thank you!
I'll test it here
sorry, where do I sync?
On the computer or on the #PRS_ORG# itself?
the computer does not have the app
he is new
How do I download?
on the #PRS_ORG# device
#EMAIL#
I already did, but it is giving an error
Yes, error of synchronization
Ok, so one minute
it seems like it's working!
so, one minute to finish
, it seems everything is okay
Do I need to do anything else?
ok, thank you so much!
happy new year
Good afternoon,
I made a points exchange through the #PRS_ORG# You protocol and I would like to know which are the selected partner publishers so that I can benefit from my book?
Thank you,
Dear customer,
Sure: #EMAIL#
I have not yet made any purchases through the #PRS_ORG# website.
I made an attempt to exchange points through the #PRS_ORG# website using the protocol #PRS_ORG# You, and I was given a code that allows me to acquire a book in your store
however any book I select is not allowed, and when I saw the rules it says it's only applicable in some selected partner publishers, and I would like to know which ones
#ALPHANUMERIC_ID#
#NAME#
Of course, one moment please
It appears on the list as pending
It is now available!
thank you very much for the help
No, thank you for your help.
I can usually read eBooks on the #PRS_ORG#, but on the #PRS_ORG#, they are not loading.
I can normally read e-books on the #PRS_ORG#, but e-books are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#.
December 29
It does not load the e-books.
It says: 'care
It says: "loading...." and nothing happens
I have uninstalled the #PRS_ORG# and reinstalled it several times.
I restarted the #PRS_ORG# several times.
#PRS_ORG# (3rd generation)
#PRS_ORG#
I have already done so.
It is still not loading.
It won't open the book.
I turned it off and on again.
I deleted the APP.
It is not.
I went to settings.
Yes
There is no "archive"
I am in "storage"
I couldn't find it.
I didn't find "restart"
“Slide to power off” was what appeared.
I turned off
I turned it on again
I found "#PRS_ORG#"
Installed.
I am seeing my e-books
I didn't even have to log in
Good afternoon, I can't buy books with any credit card, only with a gift card.
How can I solve the problem?
Dear customer, I am not able to buy books with any credit card just with gift card.
The last one was today, and it's called The only woman
The mobile
The eReader was also used to try to purchase
#NAME#
Yes you can do it
Yes
I think it has all been deleted
Okay
Then what?
OK I am in the process
Good afternoon
I purchased the e-book "A Promised Land" by Barack Obama on November 17.
I already downloaded the file to my #PRS_ORG#, but now it's disappeared and I can't download it again.
Dear Support,
1 December
Thank you.
yes
an e-reader #PRS_ORG#
of course
it worked
I just finished it.
Thank you.
at the moment, no
I am the one who thanks.
also
How to turn on Family Sharing
#EMAIL#
December 29
That's it.
Example: Computer, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
The books I purchased are not downloading on my #PRS_ORG#
Spin, spin and it doesn't go in
I don't receive any error message
I signed out of the account on the #PRS_ORG# app and then logged in again.
Do not try to login
The problem continues.
#PRS_ORG#
The books bought from Cultura are not loading on the #PRS_ORG#
I see the covers, but not the text.
I reinstalled the app and the problem still persists
Yes.
#PRS_ORG# - 3rd generation and #PRS_ORG#
I didn't understand.
I have a free book from #PRS_ORG# and it loads normally
On the purchased books the app informs that it is “loading” and nothing is loaded.
I can read normally on the #PRS_ORG# and I have a problem on the #PRS_ORG#.
#PRS_ORG# from #NAME#
#EMAIL#
I am using the #PRS_ORG# on this account
I am currently leafing through the book on the #PRS_ORG#
I'm trying.
Visitor uploaded: IMG-0007.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Okay
Waiting, no problems.
The book of "MIlícias" is not appearing.
Yes.
Reappeared, but still does not load.
Waiting for contact.
I will have lunch.
Thank you for the help so far.
Thank you.
A good year to you and your team.
I can’t download the ebook
Hello
Hello
#EMAIL#
Our Daily Bread
Okay.
On the #PRS_ORG# mobile device
I can, only the "Our daily bread" that doesn't open
No, it only rotates the ball and then goes back to the book cover screen
I've done that already.
If I leave the screen, I lose the chat
I purchased an ebook from Cultura since 28/12/#NUMBER# and until now it is not released for my reading.
The title is What is Inclusive Education.
It has already been billed, I received the invoice and I cannot sync!
#EMAIL#
28/12/#NUMBER#
the purchase code is # #PHONENUMBER#-01
okay
I already did it.
it still hasn't appeared...there's only what I bought in June of #NUMBER#
That's what I sent earlier...
# #PHONENUMBER#-01
this is the purchase
I paid by credit card, it has already been charged and it shows as sent on the #PRS_ORG# site!
I just don't understand why they haven't released it yet...
another email address?
but isn't my #PRS_ORG# email the one I sent?!
I have the invoice that I received by email
I'll forward it.
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
There you are!
This one
It is not appearing in my app yet...how should I proceed?
Now it appeared!
Finally!
Thank you very much!
I'm the one who should be thanking you!
I have doubts
#EMAIL#
it should be around two days
hello
How are you?
I am starting to read on #PRS_ORG# now
I am not managing to mark the page
no
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
I downloaded the #PRS_ORG#
still can't
when I get to ''Annotations'' what should I do?
I don't see the option to mark the page
it does not appear to me in the upper right corner of the page a fold mark at the corner of the page
I'm still not able to do it
nothing
I have already done that
I can't call you right now, can I?
OK
Okay.
still nothing
What is #NAME#?
thank you
bye
Password
I bought on 05/01
Hey anybody out there
#EMAIL#
I am having a password problem.
If I put my son's email, will I be able to do it
Ok
No cellphone
I don't have a computer
Yes, because I have a problem synchronizing with the bookstore to get the book I bought
It won't
Just a moment
I succeeded with another email
How do I access the book
And they were thin and happy forever
Only minutes
#PHONENUMBER#
#CREDITCARD#
Did you see the number 2 that I sent was missing, 1 number
What do I do? Call the bookstore
Bought using #PRS_ORG#
I'll call the bookstore
Thank you
Okay
I've just bought an ebook and would like to download the book to my phone.
#EMAIL#
07/01/#NUMBER#
I purchased it with #PRS_ORG#, but I think I informed my corporate email in today's purchase. My email is #EMAIL#
OK.
I have #PRS_ORG# application in my phone under email #EMAIL#, will I have to download the application again from the corporate email account?
I bought the book Range.
it appears on #PRS_ORG# (e-reader) but gives an error when I open it
#EMAIL#
Range
ok
"Oops, it was not possible to open this document. There may be a problem with the file.
Try to sync your e-reader. If you still cannot open, please contact the #PRS_ORG# Customer Support at #URL#
right
okay
Done.
now a menu appeared to choose the language
language
I logged in again and it’s downloading the book Range again.
I am waiting for the download to finish that started automatically.
entered
I had already done this, but OK, it’s important that it worked.
it must be missing something
thank you
That's all, thank you very much and happy new year
good job
ok, thanks a lot!
After the factory reset the tablet does not boot up anymore.
When I try to configure the wi-fi an update error occurs.
I've already tried to reset it again and wiped the cache too, but it's still not working.
What should I do?
Thank you.
Sorry I don't have an account
I think it's the simplest, #PRS_ORG#
this
yes no complete connection
#7
Error #7
How can I upgrade via android robot using the USB drive option?
yes I'm at my computer
and the tablet is connected
no
I'm going to install
now I have it finished
if the e-reader is the tablet, yes it is
I would like to point out that I did a factory reset on the tablet
that option doesn't exist
after the first screen where I select the language and press Get started, then I have the screen to configure the wi-fi and I don't have the option to not configure it
I only have the option to scan, add network, back, next, and select some wifi network.
Yes, I'm turning it off now.
Rebinding again
has just called and I got a message that #PRS_ORG# or
What is the #PRS_ORG#?
No, how?
#NAME#, I really appreciate your help and patience, but I have to go now.
I will try another time to ask for help here.
Thank you and have a good day.
What is your email?
Okay, thank you.
Good evening
I have purchased a book paying via #PRS_ORG#, but the book is not present in my account.
#EMAIL#
Today, #PRS_ORG#.
Good evening,
Yes
Ok
I am trying to upload the image
Visitor uploaded: #PHONENUMBER#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
Here it is...
Konosuba: God's Blessing on This Wonderful World!, Vol.
11 (light novel)
Ok
Visitor uploaded: Screenshot_2021-01-04-03-39-57-802_org.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
For the transaction I made about 25 minutes ago, I only received this information
I didn't receive a receipt from #PRS_ORG#
Until then I don't have access to the book nor can I buy it, right?
Okay, thank you
No.
I'll wait for an email with the solution.
I can’t open the book I bought.
I can't open the book I bought.
I think it was January 4th.
Thank you.
Yes, I cannot open and read it
Thank you
I try to open the book and read it, but the page always goes back to the beginning
It does not come down to opening.
Yes
Yes, in the app of my #PRS_ORG#
Yes
Is this not supposed to happen?
#PRS_ORG#
Yes, if possible
It's already done.
Or better, I had done that before contacting you
But I just did it again
It doesn't work
It still does not open
Visitor uploaded: #URL#.jpg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
I press on the top of the book to open it and it doesn't open.
Goes back to the same place as it is in the image
I touched it as you asked and it still won't open
Last night I managed to open it.
Today it doesn't work anymore
OK, I have already finished the session.
It worked already
Thank you
Hello, I would like to move my books from the account #PRS_ORG# to the account #EMAIL# and delete that first email from my account.
Thank you
No credit, #NAME#, from the first one.. And they put a #PRS_ORG# in the second one these days for verification purposes
Well, he said to me, but I can't see them there
The #PRS_ORG# app
#PRS_ORG#
It worked!
Thanks, sometimes we forget to try the obvious
No, that was all, thank you
Ok
#PRS_ORG#
Hello, good evening.
My name is #NAME#.
My ebook has started to give me trouble again, I can't open any books.
#EMAIL#
Excuse me, but what is an e-reader?
I had the exact same problem with a book a week ago, give or take.
I use my mobile phone, #PRS_ORG#.
All the books show up, they just won't open.
On the notebook, it works normally.
Hello, yes it did come out.
I've already had this problem with 1 book that wouldn't open, it appears, but won't open.
Now they're all.
Ok
I use my mobile, but it works normal on my notebook.
That's good
Dear people, good evening, I would like to remove the card that is saved in my profile without inserting another one at the moment, is it possible?
Dear all, good evening, I would like to withdraw the card that is saved on my profile without entering another one at the moment, is that possible?
The dare
then, for me it only shows the option to edit and not to delete
Yes please
Visitor uploaded: PRINT.PNG
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
for me it's just like this, if you could delete it would help me a lot
did you only delete the card, #NAME#?
just that #NAME#, thank you for your attention, OK?
one question, won't there be the option of a future boleto?
instead of paying by card, pay by boleto
I will send it, thank you very much for your help #NAME#, have a good day
I bought the e-book 'Seminário dos ratos' through #PRS_ORG# on 29/11/#NUMBER# for R$ 11, 96 (promotion) .
I have already paid via credit card.
I haven't received it yet.
I would like to know what happened and if I will receive the book.
Thank you for your attention.
#EMAIL#
Last purchase on 29/11/#NUMBER#.
OK.
PC
I can't even do it in my #PRS_ORG# because it doesn't show up for me in any of my devices.
It's as if I didn't buy it at all.
The books I previously bought appear without any problem.
But this one  does not.
Ok, a moment please.
It appeared.
What happiness!!!!
Thank you very much!!!
No.
It helped me a lot.
Have a great end of the day.
Thank you.
I bought a #PRS_ORG# form and the EReader locked.
What should I do?
#EMAIL#
January this year
I bought on your website on 24 December the #PRS_ORG# form with the serial number #ALPHANUMERIC_ID# and the device locked up.
It does not change pages or turn off.
I can see the text that was on the screen.
It had about 80% of charge.
Not one time that had so much charge not to spoil the battery
No.
It's already connected
It's already connected and it's already restarted.
The battery was dead.
Yes and it is already charging
Good evening, I purchased the book Crónicas e caprichos, but it has stopped appearing in the books of #PRS_ORG#.
It appears in my client area, however when I synchronize it does not appear in #PRS_ORG#.
When looking for the book in the store on #PRS_ORG# it appears as if it was never purchased.
I think that when they updated the edition of the book, it stopped being recognized on the device.
I need your help, thank you.
Dear Customer Service,
The midnight sun
Thank you.
#NAME#
one moment please
still does not appear...
I think so
I believe it has to do with the new edition
because the book appears in my account on the web browser but not on the #PRS_ORG# device
exactly
one moment please
#NAME#
thank you very much
that is all, thank you very much
good job and good night!
Good afternoon,
I have been trying to purchase an e-book on your site since yesterday but I always get the internal server error #NUMBER# when it comes to payment.
How can I solve this situation and acquire the ebook?
Thank you!
#EMAIL#
The only ebook I have at the moment is
the only ebook that I have at this moment
#NAME#
ok
currently the computer
#PRS_ORG#
the error that appears is as follows
Visitor uploaded: erro-#PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
it's done
now I'm in the buying area
had already left
want her to come back?
Okay
I will then add that
I already added
Okay
I already managed to do it!
Thank you very much for your help.
no, that was all
thank you again
OK, I'll reply.
Brazilian Portuguese: APP # PRS_ORG #  desktop informs me that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I have bought ebooks.
I request immediate recovery, please.
APP #PRS_ORG# desktop informs me that my LIBRARY IS EMPTY, but I have purchased ebooks. I kindly request immediate recovery.
At the moment I don't know when I bought them; more or less 3 to 5 years
Yes
Waiting.
Thank you.
Good evening.
No message says it is empty.
I downloaded it again, but the message remains the same.
Yes.
Yes.
Ready.
where is the settings link.
Do I see Tem ima account?
In the sign in and above there is the help button.
I can't find the link
I understand, but don't know how to proceed.
Yes.
ok.
I logged in #PRS_ORG# and it said it did not find the account
Yes.
Yes.
ok.
Ready.
Yes, I'm trying to see.
I accessed the page
I'm grabbing the keys.
I inserted the password, but it didn't work
We can't find an account with that email or address.
OK.
thank you.
Good morning.
I bought 2 books last night but I couldn't read them on my #PRS_ORG#.
I have already synchronized but the problem persists.
Thanks in advance!
#EMAIL#
Yesterday evening from the 21st of January to the 22nd of January
thanks!
The books that I bought last night are Sapiens A Brief History of Humankind and The Tattooist of Auschitz
The book covers appear in "My Books" but when I want to open them to read it says "Oops!
This document could not be opened!
and said that there is probably a problem with the file.
and asks me to do syncronization on my ereader but it continues to have a problem
and #PRS_ORG# has already sent the proof of purchase to my email
Yes.
I can open it on my cellphone
okay!
thanks, 🙏🏽
okay
okay.
I will inform you of something
it still hasn't ended
It still has the problem.
I am trying again
Good morning!
I would like to know about technical assistance for my #PRS_ORG#, which burned the internal light.
Good morning!
22/11
hello there, how are you?
I am.
so, it's old
the light is not working anymore
wow, let me find out
very well
: #PRS_ORG# (Qtde: 1)
How do I do that?
All is well.
#NAME#!
if it does not work, there is no assistance?
good
uh-oh
I wrote wrong.
I'm sorry
#EMAIL#
it's quite old kkk
but I ask if I can fix it even if I don't pay.
aaah I understand.
Fine.
I hope it's the procedure you taught from zero
right
thank you very much for the guidelines
No.
that's it.
Good morning!
I need to link #PRS_ORG# to my account.
How do I do it?
#EMAIL#
23/12/#NUMBER#
Logistics and Supply Chain Management
When I click on My Account, the Account Settings option does not appear
The page is gone.
Now, when I type #URL# it goes directly to #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
In the left corner there is Enter and not My Account
Here's the information: We didn't find an account with this address......Please check if you typed it correctly
How come?
#PRS_ORG#
How do I do it?
The following message comes up: To keep your #PRS_ORG# account safe, we've locked you out after five failed attempts at signing in.
Use the Forgot Password link below to reset your password, then try again.
ok
A link came for me to log in.
Is this right?
Ok.
I created a new password and it came up with the message: We were unable to find an account with that email address or password.
Please verify if you typed it correctly.
Right.
OK I was able to log in.
Phew!!
Now I'm in account settings.
And now?
Next to Livraria culture click on link this account?
It returned to #PRS_ORG# and Enter.
When I clicked on sign in it came up with: We could not find an account with that email or password.
Check if you typed it correctly.
I repeated the steps: Link this account next to #PRS_ORG# and always comes the message above
above
How so?
Yes, normal
I already got in touch with #PRS_ORG# and they tried and said the problem is with #PRS_ORG# and that I should get in touch with you guys...it's hard, isn't it?
Ok
It's possible.
Resolve the problem
okay.
My #PRS_ORG# does not function, I put it to charge and it does not turn on.
The model is the #PRS_ORG#, where can I find assistance?
#EMAIL#
I don't have that information, I have never used #PRS_ORG#, I won more it doesn't work
okay
yes, that's right.
I put it in the charger, both in the computer and in the outlet, but the lights do not turn on and it does not charge
not*
yes, but it still does not work
what other connection, what kind of connection?
Does it need to be a certain cable?
Sorry, I didn't get it
right
The light doesn't turn on.
My #PRS_ORG# is the #PRS_ORG# Touch N905C model, it doesn't have an on-off button, it's a side-swiping button of a different color
My god, it's been so long.
Is there any place that can do maintenance on this device?
Is my #PRS_ORG# still online?
Do you still manufacture?
Is there no place to do repairs?
Got it
Doesn't exist any maintenance only for that model or none of them?
And even so, you suggest that I buy another one?
for a product that I can't get assistance for if I need it?
I understand, thank you very much for the information.
Good evening
I'm seeing that there will be many people discontented like myself.
THAT FILL OUT A BOOK OF COMPLAINTS
THIS IS TERRIBLE IF NOT #PRS_ORG#
I can't buy anything in the #PRS_ORG# store, I've already changed my card twice, I've changed accounts, I've gone to the #PRS_ORG# and I didn't get an answer. I want to know how I can fill out your complaint book?
I AM WAITING
NOT AT THE END OF THE PURCHASE IT SIMPLY SAYS UPS ERROR!
ERROR AND CAN NOT FINISH PURCHASING
NO THIS WAS NOT BETTER TO BE CHARGED AND NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT AT #PRS_ORG#
It was impossible to finalize the purchase
NO
JUST #NAME#
I WILL COME BACK BUT I HAVE DONE IT AT LEAST THREE TIMES
I have already done it
I have already done it
I did and this is still the same error
BUT I HAVE ALREADY DONE IT
I've already changed my card twice and updated the account details many times.
What does #NAME#?
I am already on the third book that I try to buy and the error is always the same
it's better
but there is a deadline to return the equipment (which is what I'm going to do) and to fill out the complaint book
On the website, but first I tried on the e-reader and the result was the same
you didn't answer how can I fill out a book of complaints or how can I make #PRS_ORG# aware of my profound discontent
where?
need help?
thank you
I bought a #PRS_ORG#, and after backing it up it stays on the Wi-Fi screen.
It does not accept the access password for the network
#EMAIL#
I can't remember any ebook purchases, I only use it as a tablet
not that was a purchase I made on a trip to Canada around 5 years ago
Is there anything you can do or is the product lost?
I can't leave the screen, which means that I can't use it as a tablet anymore
I already downloaded it on my PC
however it asks to turn on the #PRS_ORG#
when I plug it in it doesn't leave the wifi screen
no
I entered the app
nothing
Just the wifi screen
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
I think my case is without a solution rs
nothing else appears besides the language options screens
and wifi
in other words
I can't go anywhere
my computer recognizes the device
No
Hi
Thank you for trying to help me.
Happy new year...for you too!!
Thank you!!
Good morning
I'm in need of help.
I have #PRS_ORG# years and never had any synchronization problems.
Still in the month of November I used it without problems.
Today I can't manage to do it.
It doesn't recognize my email and I can't remember my password.
I have pending e-books and I can not synchronize.
If you could help me I'd appreciate it.
actually I don't know because I had problems with my first email that was #EMAIL#.
The current one is #EMAIL#.
since it was my daughter-in-law who set it up the first time I believe the password would be #NUMBER#
#PRS_ORG# changed everything.
I had to log in using #PRS_ORG# because it didn't recognize my email or password either.
Including my library disappeared.
I had a lot of books there and they all disappeared.
I may be entering it wrong.
I am #NUMBER# years old and I consider myself a computer heroine as I am very good with computers, but now it's got me stumped.
kk
it could be
but here I need your help and guidance
yes
If I find you later that's okay hahaha
then use the second e-mail #EMAIL#
It would have to be altered there.
my mobile phone is #NAME#
I think it's this registered number
in this reconfiguration I do not lose what is already downloaded on #PRS_ORG#
New account?
and what is the password
how can I change my registration at cultura?
I tried to talk to them, the phone number I have is #NAME#, they picked up, but when I mentioned #PRS_ORG# the line went dead and they didn't answer me anymore.
If you have a phone number to help me, I will appreciate it.
is there a problem with the culture register being different from #PRS_ORG#?
Now I remember that the last time I used the #PRS_ORG# was for books that I bought at the #PRS_ORG# store
I have over #NUMBER# books.
ok
No, not for now.
Thank you for your patience and attention.
have a happy #NUMBER#.
beauty
I will wait.
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# is fading
#EMAIL#
I think it is 1 year already
Thank you.
The screen of my eReader is turning off everything fun on it but I can't read anything on it
Yes, I always keep it charged. I never let it run out of battery or drop it.
I left it in factory mode to see if it came back, but the letters are so faded that I can't even read them properly
I already did.
The screen is still the same way.
How is that?
It responds normally, the only problem is that the letters and images are practically erased.
Hi
Yes
Yes.
Okay
No.
Yes
I did it the way you said but nothing showed up
Yes
It's as if it has been turned off
However you can see the books that I still have
You can even see "carinho" written on the screen.
It is not turning on, I think the screen got stuck.
It is not turning on
Okay
It did not return
It didn't turn on and it still has a very clear background showing the books.
Is there another thing we can do aside from what you are saying?
Why it was only with the screen with the letters and images half erased now after I did what you said it's not even turning on
It's not working now
It's like if it had screen saver it doesn't come out of it it appears that it's off but shows the books and off but I can't do anything with it
Now it's really heating up
Yes
Would you have any technical assistance in SP?
I resume the following conversation.
Chat started: 2021-01-05 03:30 PM UTC
(03:30:21 PM) #NAME#: I'm picking up conversation with you
(03:30:23 PM) Customer Service: Be aware that if you switch between apps, lock your phone or change to another window while we're talking to you, you may be logged out of your session.
To ensure the best experience, please stay active in this chat window.
(03:30:#NUMBER# PM) Customer Service: Due to an increased number of requests, our response time may be a little delayed.
We apologize for any inconvenience and we will answer your request as soon as possible, thank you for your patience.
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) *** #NAME# joined the chat ***
(03:31:#NUMBER# PM) #PRS_ORG#: Thank you for contacting us, can you please give me the email that you use for your #PRS_ORG# account?
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I want to buy a book but I can't make the payment process.
I use the email #EMAIL# for my reading.
My last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
(03:34:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: Thanks for the information.
I'll be happy to help you!
(03:35:17 PM) #NAME#: Let me take a moment to check your #PRS_ORG# account.
(03:36:00 PM) #NAME#: Thank you for waiting.
(03:36:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I ask if you filled out your billing information when you tried to make your book purchase?
(03:38:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: In a second phase, I reviewed (confirming) the payment instructions as suggested in the message with the note that the payment had not been made
(03:39:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: I can see that there have been a few purchase attempts that did not go through.
(03:40:14 PM) #NAME#: Sometimes when a transaction error occurs, banks don't allow you to make more purchase attempts.
(03:40:#NUMBER# PM) #NAME#: You can contact your bank to see if they have added a restriction on our store?
(03:41:00 PM) #NAME#: I will check
(03:43:#NUMBER# PM)
the last purchase was made on 30/11/#NUMBER# and the book was Lisboa em Camisa
yes and they informed me that there is no problem from their side in making the transaction
OK
Yes now it worked
Good evening,
I have a #PRS_ORG#, how long do I have to press the on/off button for my device to power off completely?
Good evening,
I do not have any purchase made
I received my device today just
But the sleep mode eats up a lot of battery.
When I turned it on for the first time it had 59% and now it only has 39%
I have already tried what you told me about faster but it did not turn off at all.
Just suspended
I purchased this device because I always heard about the durability of the battery.....
Could there be something wrong?
I did not charge it, I just connected it to my computer to import the books.
Before I start messing around, I read the manuals.
And I didn't find anything about this subject, either in the manual or on the Internet.
I believe so but like I said, nowhere did it appear that this information
Sorry but I didn't understand
I can't.
I charge it until supposedly it says that it is off and nothing happens.
I repeat, it only goes into sleep mode.
How long?
But I have already told you that this doesn't happen
It's the seventh time I do this and it just goes to sleep mode
How?
And the issue of the battery?
And what about the battery problem?
Will I be left without my books?
What about the battery?
The problem with the battery that I talked about in the beginning....
How so?
But you still didn't understand that it was not mentioned in the manuals and absolutely nowhere?
If it is so important it should be mentioned in the manual.
So basically I paid for a device that supposedly has a lot of battery life and that by not having charged the 4 initial hours I lost that capacity???
Could it take weeks???
The device is new.
And as I already said, it had 59% battery (it was turned on at 13h) and now it is past midnight and only has 37% and I haven't even used it, it was always in sleep mode.
I already reset to factory settings.
It still won't turn off
I charged for more than #NUMBER# seconds and nothing appeared, it only went into sleep mode about 5 seconds after charging.
Otherwise, nothing happened
In one way or another, it doesn't turn off
Tomorrow I will contact the store where I bought it and ask for a new device or the refund of the money.
Good evening
Good morning
At the physical store of #PRS_ORG# I asked if I could offer ebooks and they said yes, that it was enough to buy on the website, receive a link, and then send the link to the person.
But as I understood it, that doesn't happen.
I just bought an ebook and I think it will just be associated to my account, right?
What is the way to offer this ebook to someone else?
Good day,
#NAME#
#EMAIL#
January 09, #NUMBER#
Good morning #NAME#
The book is a present, it is not for me.
How can I give it to who I want without it remaining in my library?
Is that possible?
Yes that's right
I had bought a physical one at #PRS_ORG# and the person asked to change it for an ebook.
In the #PRS_ORG# I made the return and they told me to buy in the site, they said they would give me a link to download the book and then all I had to do was send the link to the person who wanted the ebook
But that's not what happened.
Or I don't understand anything about the subject.
Or both ahah
So there is no way to offer it then?
But #PRS_ORG# cards are just store money cards, right?
In this case, I prefer just the return of the money as I will not be using the book and the person doesn't have access.
The purchase was a mistake.
I did not even open the ebook as they probably can see in the history.
I would appreciate it if the refund was made using the same payment method
Thank you #NAME#
Thank you very much #NAME#.
That's it.
Thank you very much.
Will the contact be by email?
Yes but if necessary for the purposes of this process I can also be contacted on the number #PHONENUMBER#
No
That's it
Thank you again
Good afternoon. I'm not able to change the word to pass in the account #PRS_ORG#, I would like to do that in order to give access to an ebook that I bought in order to offer it.
Greetings
#NAME#
December 25
#EMAIL#
24
December
Sorry
Thank you.
right, but this how is it to give access to my father to offer the book as a gift
The goal is that
ok but I needed a way for him to access it
via log in
on my account with a pass and my associated email
no
ok, all good
and it isn't even possible, for example, for me to log in normally
ok but then I try
and it is not accepting, or do I have to go through the #PRS_ORG# website
thank you very much :L)
I already succeeded in logging in with this option via #PRS_ORG#
I can't access the books I bought
#EMAIL#
I bought it from #PRS_ORG#, and I can't access it
The courage to be imperfect
I am unable to link the #PRS_ORG# account with the #PRS_ORG# account
by cell phone #PRS_ORG#
right, it says it's having problems syncing
when I log in to #PRS_ORG# and then try to associate #PRS_ORG#
I now entered by #PRS_ORG# and am trying to associate again
it says it cannot find the account
I tried, but it can't find it either
at the #PRS_ORG# website I always log in normally
yes
and when I try to synchronize it says that the system is not available
Hi
but I am logging in normally to #PRS_ORG# and in #PRS_ORG# I just can’t associate
I will try.
I am still changing
We can't find an account with that email address or password.
Check if you typed it correctly.
this
the two are the same email
I can log in to #PRS_ORG# with the #PRS_ORG# but when I go through the bookstore this message happens
but when I log directly on the bookstore website it works
Thank you, I'm waiting for the response
just that
thank you
Since January, I have not been able to pay #PRS_ORG# in #PRS_ORG#, so I cannot buy like I did before.
My credit limit is the same
#EMAIL#
Several, High ground, the leopard by joe nesbo, etc.
I lost the connection, or are you checking?
I've already tried that.
my computer
#PRS_ORG# website
What private browser?
I didn't notice, I always did it the same way
I don't even know if it's possible to buy anonymously
But how?
I go to the website, I clear my information and then I buy?
How do I pay?
A laptop with #PRS_ORG#
I don't understand, do I leave the site?
He wants me to sign up to #PRS_ORG# again.
Wouldn't it be better to talk directly?
But why?
Can't I do it with my password and email?
I can't understand it.
First if you leave the chat you will not follow the verification
According to me, I still haven't figured out how to log in anonymously, I never entered
To go to my account they ask for my email and password
Can it be a mobile phone?
#PRS_ORG#
Can you follow the process on the phone with me or not?
No, I've never done that.
I want to do it on the PC, but to speak with you
Our conversation is not going well because I don't understand computers
I'll try again and if it doesn't work well, I have to come back to the chat?
Answer what I ask sff
Hello, my #PRS_ORG# entered recovery mode, and I can’t understand anymore
Enter the page of the #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
great #NAME#
he enters the configuration screen, I can get in with the wifi network, date and time, he tries to do an update, but it always gives an error
More or less 4 years.
Yes
it is open
it asks for email and password
I was able to log in
No books are found.
several of them yes
the last purchase was less than 1 month ago
it is the same email I gave you
no
yes
I bought it through my own device
I have an email from #PRS_ORG#,  #EMAIL#
I'll check it out
yes what do I do
Sure for a moment
#NAME#, I cannot log in with this email, it says no account was found
I tried to log in by clicking on the icon as you said, there was no option to log in with the new account, I entered again in the link you had sent, and it shows that no account is found with this email
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#(7).png
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
how do I do that
the options that exist are new tab, new window, and new anonymous window
right and then
Do you still not have anything to tell me?
#NAME#, ladies and gentlemen, can you tell me why I am not able to complete the purchase of ebooks on the #PRS_ORG#?
I was with #NAME# in the chat but nothing was told to me
#EMAIL#
High Ground
I do not use #PRS_ORG#
Can I use #PRS_ORG#?
But to do so they had to provide me with the data for payment and the situation wouldn’t be resolved
How is that verified?
But I don't know how to check that
And this problem only started about a month ago
What do you need?
ok
#NUMBER#
#NUMBER#
#NAME#
the email address is the same
The msg when I try to complete the purchase is "OPs an error occurred"
#PRS_ORG#, with no message
How do you capture a screen?
I have already watched the message that appears and sent it previously
It is a portable with a docking station
Where do you see this?
Okay.
I will wait.
Thank you.
I can't remember my login and password for #PRS_ORG# (I can't activate it).
Maybe there is some old account (that I don't remember) which is not associated with #PRS_ORG#.
I need to reactivate and recover my books from #PRS_ORG#.
Please, I'm out of options, totally stuck
My current email is #EMAIL# (in #PRS_ORG#).
In #PRS_ORG#, I do not remember, maybe an old one: #EMAIL# or #EMAIL#.
13/01/#NUMBER# two books in English essays (#NAME#l) and patriotic gore (#NAME#)
Gone with the wind - Margaret Mitchell
I cannot access #PRS_ORG#, nor log in #PRS_ORG# (I forgot which the initial login was, perhaps it's an old and duplicate one)
Before I logged out of #PRS_ORG#, I synchronized several times and it did not download the latest purchase from #PRS_ORG# - then I logged out and I could no longer identify the old login (and duplicate, I believe), or the new one: by email #EMAIL#
Perfect, that is the old one - I no longer use this email, it was #EMAIL#, it is inactive.
I need it to be the current culture's one: #EMAIL#
I just did it, and it didn't recognize it
We did not find an account with this email address or password.
Please check if you typed correctly."
This is the option that I tried.
it doesn't recognize the account
It also didn't work
Perhaps it would be better to disassociate the old one, to leave it "unpolluted".
I really like #PRS_ORG# and intend to use it forever
so, option 1
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
Did it work?
Thank you very much!!!
Thank you very much!!
To you as well, a great day!!
I bought two ebooks and I don't know how to visualize them?
#EMAIL#
14/01/### ebooks Astral Body and Mental Body
I already downloaded the book at the website #URL#, but I don't know how to access the ebook??
What do I do?
Can I start now??
Will the chat go offline?
Ape
A screen appears but there is no option for NO.
This is not the configuration screen.
When I accessed the site #URL#, a screen appeared with the words: How can we help you?
No, but who directed me was the system, I followed what you told me to do.
I plan to buy several ebooks from this website.
If we could solve the problem it would be good for everyone...
This is the screen that appears
There is no option to choose NO.
He downloaded and chose NO
Is that right?
Do I click exe??
It asks if I can allow the application to make changes?
Run the #PRS_ORG# desktop?
A desktop icon was created
Opened a screen to login and create an account is that right?
The system says it did not find an account or password...
Yes.
It said synchronization concluded
Did a help page open?
It is not opening the screen.
The two books appear, but when I click on them, nothing happens.
How do I open it??
Thank you #NAME#.
Good evening.
Good afternoon
I've owned a #PRS_ORG# for years, it's asking me to set it up and I'm not able to.
What do I do?
I need to speak with someone.
Please help me, old desperate (67a) Thank you
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, I was making the purchase of The Count of #PRS_ORG# when the problem occurred.
I connect with the wi-fi, it recognizes as correct and then shows a page indicating network error.
No!
and yes to start the e-reader.
Detail: I didn't touch anything and I didn't do anything different from what I have been doing for years.
I'm not good with "computer" how do I do?
How do I start?
clicked
What is #NAME#?
What is there to transfer now?
It was done and now?
3 items appeared: #PRS_ORG#(5) #PRS_ORG#(6) and #PRS_ORG# P
Yes, in the download folder
I am a left-hand zero in computers.
What is #NAME#?
I see an "icon" I think(?)
It opens like #PRS_ORG#.
May I perform?
It is running
It's finished and created a shortcut on the desktop.
I opened the program
OK, I did step 5
I can not DO ANYTHING and the #PRS_ORG# is totally unstructured.
I'm more lost than I was.
I seem to have done it, I'm trying to access #PRS_ORG#.
I'm trying to log in with #PRS_ORG# and it doesn't recognize the email.
I can't do it, I'm running out of patience.
I'm old I NEED TO ASK QUESTIONS TALKING, I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
PLEASE HELP ME SOLVE MY PROBLEM. PLEASE HELP ME FOR THE LOVE OF GOD.
THANK YOU
You do not understand, you were born with the computer, I was not.
Your didactic is excellent for those who understand of informatics, but not in my case.
Thank you very much for your brilliant attention.
What you do is social exclusion.
Greetings
Do you want to help me?
tell me a telephone number so I can call and possibly solve the problems with the "blessed" device.
I don't change my mind: it's social exclusion.
One day you will feel what it's like to go through a similar situation.
I just requested the book Box trilogy o século
And an error message appeared with my card.
I repeated the purchase 'three times and the same message appeared.
However my card approved all the purchases.
What should I do?
#URL#
#EMAIL#
The man who loved the dogs.
Where do I find that?
Are you at #PRS_ORG#?
Why were they unsuccessful?
Will these failed requests be canceled?
#NAME#, can I do this procedure from my mobile phone?
The fact is that I am not exactly a hacker, lol
Good morning!
Good morning!
My #PRS_ORG# does not turn on any more, I want to access my books through the app, but I do not remember the password and my email has changed.
How can I proceed to recover my books?
The old email was #EMAIL#
The current one is #EMAIL#
I think it was Sappiens from #NAME#
that's it
many others
all my books are in this account
you see, I buy the books through #PRS_ORG# and they go into #PRS_ORG# and now p #PRS_ORG# pifou
I changed my email
#EMAIL# was from the company I was working at
I do not have that email anymore and when I put it in, I forgot my password and it goes to that email
I need the password to come to my email #EMAIL#
Can you help me?
thank you very much
that would be great
the login email remains being #EMAIL#
and I put it and forgot the password
is that it?
is that so?
Yes, thank you!
Do I wait here?
OK
I already see it
We couldn't find an account with that email address or password.
Please check that you have typed correctly.
I put in the password and this msg came up
ok
Okay.
ok
It worked
did not work
I still don't have access
Yes.
it was the quw
Hello
We couldn't find an account with that email address or password.
Please verify if you have entered correctly.
I log in with #EMAIL#
and I put in the password and it doesn't work
I'll try with the #PRS_ORG#
now it's entered, where can I find my books?
I'm on the site
I did not understand
On the website
I will try here
thank you very much
something called me again
thank you for your attention
Hello, I was setting the billing address but there's no field to define the taxpayer number.
This way, the invoice will not be valid.
Where can I define the taxpayer number to buy books?
#EMAIL#
#ADDRESS#
I am talking to whom?
In English, it's called VAT number
there's no place to define that.
and in order to have an invoice it is mandatory to define the Portuguese VAT number
okay, and how do I get in touch with you?
Can I send the order to an email address?
Yes, VAT in English is IVA in Portuguese.
I got it
Yes, what's the email?
I'll buy a book now and try to order an invoice.
if I can't get it I will ask you
2 minutes
I finished the purchase
but now I need the invoice
It looks like meanwhile I'm not talking with the same person..
#NAME#, I spoke to your colleague before because I need an invoice and there was no place on the website to define the NIF
So I needed the invoice for the purchase I made.
I just bought the book "Chronicle of Passions and Whims" from #NAME#
it can send invoice with the data:
NIF/VAT number: PT #PHONENUMBER#
Name: #NAME#
Address: #ADDRESS#
City and Postal Code: #ADDRESS#
Country: Portugal
thank you very much!
no, that’s it
Good job!
likewise!
#EMAIL#
I registered today
I want to make the first purchase now
Hello
I am trying to make the purchase online but at the processing time the screen freezes and the purchase is not processed
is this a chat ?
I have already tried making the purchase with different credit cards, using different search engines, from a laptop, a smartphone, and even the smartphone app
The screen always freezes.
I have already tried from the smartphone #PRS_ORG#
and from this laptop from #PRS_ORG#
The laptop is personal
and the smartphone is personal
I have no idea what VPN is
I have already tried to make the purchase with different credit cards, using different search engines, from my laptop and from my smartphone, and even from the smartphone app.
if you do not have a solution that's fine
it must be a problem of the #PRS_ORG# since I never had this problem before
tried
I cleaned cookies and the like
I cleaned the cookies and tried to make the purchase again
It was blocked again
they must have a problem
in the process
credit card
I already tried with one #PRS_ORG# and with one #PRS_ORG#
I don't use #PRS_ORG#
given that I have already tried everything, the problem must be from #PRS_ORG#
Ok
Ok
Ok
I am trying to
still blocked
it was blocked again
When I move forward, some small bars appear doing a circular movement
indefinitely
how do I go to this "anonymous mode"?
I have never had a problem buying online
well... thank you for your attempts
Well, I tried everything but it didn't work
I think your website is having problems with the payment processing
good evening
I will buy the audiobook from another site
I can not sync the account #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
It always says that the password is incorrect, even though it is the same password that I used to log in to the #PRS_ORG# website.
#EMAIL#
01/02/#NUMBER#
No, I receive it when I try to log in.
May
I replied the email
#NAME#
But it happens when I try to link the account
When I go to my account/authenticate account
Open the login of the #PRS_ORG# account and it says that the password is incorrect
Just one minute
I'm on the computer, that's why it's taking a while.
I'm trying to capture the screen.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
the option of inserting the login for the culture does not appear
when I click to link the account it opens the login of the #PRS_ORG# account
and this error appears
but the login that is giving the error is the one from #PRS_ORG#
have already experienced this same error when opening the app
Dear sirs, all my books have disappeared from my ereader, what should I do?
Dear sirs, my books have all disappeared from my ereader, what should I do?
I don't remember...
Another email that may have been used is:
I do not remember...
Good morning to be born from #NAME#
It is a title: Book = Good morning to be born
This book disappeared as many others, a total of about #NUMBER# books
#PRS_ORG#
author
Yes I bought now for testing, but I had more than #NUMBER# books...
Is there any other way, #PRS_ORG# found all my books but couldn’t transfer, asked to contact you
All purchased.
The possible emails are:
Dear sirs, all of my books have disappeared from my ereader, what should I do?
Dear sirs, my books disappeared from my ereader, what should I do?
#EMAIL# ( I don't have access anymore )
Thank you...
What about now?
the last email I do not have access to it anymore.
I can log in with #EMAIL# but then only three books appear, do I have to log in with the email that I don't have access to anymore: #EMAIL#?
#NAME#, but then when he asks me for the password?
I haven't used this email for years...
It is possible to transfer to the account:
#EMAIL#?
OK then I'll wait.
Thank you
Okay...
OK thank you very much indeed, big hug...
Not at the moment.
Everything is okay.
Thank you very much, have a great weekend.
Bye and all the best...
I bought two books a few days ago on the #PRS_ORG# website, but the book won't open and the message error: Opa!
The document could not be opened.
There is probably a problem with your file.
(I have already synchronized and restarted the e-reader and it didn't solve it)
#EMAIL#
Delta of Venus (bought a few days ago)
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Delta of Venus and The House of Happy Buddha
I did not find item 5
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #PHONENUMBER#
Would this be the log out item?
I did not find log out
Okay
I'm setting it up.
I’m not remembering the password
I'll create a new one.
After that, just synchronize?
Okay
He directed me to log in to #PRS_ORG#
Done.
I found it
It is entering into the #PRS_ORG#
Does this mean if I buy books from another site I will need to do the same to be able to read them?
Okay.
Will I be automatically logged in if I buy from #PRS_ORG#?
All right.
I was able to open.
Thank you so much and congratulations on your patience
Where can I make a compliment?
No.
Good night and happy life.
:) Thank you
Good day
I am having trouble accessing a book I just bought.
In the program of #PRS_ORG# both on the computer and on the mobile phone it is not in the library.
#EMAIL#
This is today, 11/02/#NUMBER#.
Exactly.
I downloaded the application of #PRS_ORG#, I have :) #PRS_ORG# on the computer and android on the smartphone
right
Correct.
the book appears in the library already
is making the transfer
yes it seems that everything is okay with the book on the android device
ok
Yes I have done that already
My books is the library, correct?
I clicked on the icon but nothing appears
I don't find any profile icon
no...
#PRS_ORG#'s logo and a search window
no
could I send you an image?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
ah Ok =)
I already installed it
and I see that the last book is being downloaded automatically
Thank you very much for your help!
No, that is all.
Thank you very much
Hello, mu #PRS_ORG# is not working properly, the touch screen is not working.
#EMAIL#
One of the books that I have on my #PRS_ORG# is called 10% Happier.
it do not react at all
it turns on normally, it is charging but no touch works on the screen
it is not possible to activate any command on the screen, even if the device is connected to the computer
right
ok
only aura
I don't have access to wifi
OK
I cannot take off the lid
Is that the back of the #PRS_ORG#?
Or a specific cover?
I am trying to remove the cover on the bottom
Apparently it is not possible to remove
it did not become clearer, it is the same message
I am trying to open the back part but it is very hard.
I do not want to force it
right
What should I do to see the possibility of replacement?
it was bought at #NUMBER# in the city of Salvador/BA
It's okay
Okay
thank you
I can’t open my ebook on my computer.
I installed your application and it still does not work.
It says it's synchronising and it doesn't get past that
Good evening
The email associated with my account is:
The email associated with my account is:
#EMAIL#
I only have one ebook
I bought it on Friday
Introduction to industrial organization
Zip code: #ADDRESS#
Introduction to industrial organization
yes
Yes
what is the profile icon
I already did it.
The ebook is in my account.
It has always been!
I can't open it
I did all of this and it didn't work.
To whom can I address a complaint and request for a refund.
A message just came up saying: synchronization finished
What now?
How do I open the book???
Already opened.
Terrible service!
No
Problems with #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
endgame
The screen of my #PRS_ORG# freezes sometimes, it's happening at the moment, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it nothing happens
endgame
The screen on my #PRS_ORG# freezes every now and then, it's happening at the moment, no matter how many times I turn it off and restart it, nothing happens
#EMAIL#
07/09/#NUMBER#
Problems with the #PRS_ORG#
I tried to connect with the desktop application to make updates, but since the screen is blocked I can't connect the #PRS_ORG# to the PC
today itself
he spent the morning charging
I will try it
I'm already in the part of instructions to configure
the problem is that no matter how much I tap the screen, I cannot do anything
it seems that the screen sensor is not working
correct
Is there no possible arrangement?
unfortunately #PRS_ORG# is not under warranty anymore
It's always when they end that problems appear
and a partner, like #PRS_ORG#, can't you find one?
it is better not to make it equal or worse (if that is possible)
My #PRS_ORG# is #PRS_ORG#. Which one is the closest to mine, among the ones that are now on sale?
The discount you mentioned would be of how much?
Would there be a time limit for using the discount?
if you don't mind, thank you
when choosing the device I want, how do I get the discount code?
Do I have to contact you again?
Ok
Thank you.
the same to you!
I made the purchase of a book yesterday (2/10/21) and after syncing several times my #PRS_ORG#, it is not loaded in my device.
The order number is #NUMBER#.
Could you give me some guidance?
Sincerely, #PRS_ORG#/
11- #PHONENUMBER#)
This above: #EMAIL#
But I have another one that might be in the register: #EMAIL#
Is there something missing?
I received a confirmation email.
Thank you
option #PRS_ORG#?
I logged out and now, when I enter, it appears that I must "Log in with #PRS_ORG#" - is that it?
The book I bought appeared, but several books I bought previously disappeared.
How do I access them?
These were books bought on the website of #PRS_ORG#.
But then do I need to switch between the login of #PRS_ORG# and the store #PRS_ORG#?
ok
I had forgotten the password for #PRS_ORG# and had to reset it - sorry.
I tried to access it and it appears on the page:
A #PRS_ORG# account already exists with this email.
Linking accounts allows you to access all your books in My Books.
- then it appears an option to connect with #PRS_ORG# or #PRS_ORG#.
I did not do anything so far
there is the option "skip" the page
Okay
skip ?
I understood that I had to skip before signing out and I ended up logging into the #PRS_ORG# account - but I think it worked because I can see the previous books and the book bought yesterday.
Question: if I buy again in the store #PRS_ORG# will it happen the same thing (I'll have to alternate login)?
Understood.
Last question: is there a possibility that I can only find one item in the #PRS_ORG# store and not in the #PRS_ORG# store?
I ask this because when I bought the book, in principle I didn't find it in the bookstore, only in the #PRS_ORG# store.
But now I can see that it's also listed in the bookstore's website (perhaps I made a mistake while searching).
Okay.
Thank you so much for your attention and kindness.
Good day.
Hi I sent a link request to recover my password and so far I have not received anything in my email
#EMAIL#
I bought an e-book today
09/02/#NUMBER#
#NAME#
Hello
Yes, that is correct.
I forgot my password
Yes
What should I do after I log in to #PRS_ORG#?
Okay.
I have already figured that out.
But I have two more doubts.
Can you help me?
Actually, three.
The first doubt is if I switch to a new phone, can I install the #PRS_ORG# App again, only with the #PRS_ORG# password?
Or will I need a #PRS_ORG# password?
The second question is about this email that is linked to #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG# is a corporate email and I was advised to create a private email for my personal accounts.
Can I link another email to my #PRS_ORG# account?
Okay for the first question.
My third doubt is that I accidentally removed the e-book that I bought and I can't recover it anymore.
Is it still possible to recover this book?
*I removed an e-book
Second doubt: which is why I am trying to enter the #PRS_ORG# website and as I do not remember the password, I cannot change my e-mail.
Can you help me?
In short, I need to reset the #PRS_ORG# password to change my account email and try to recover a book that I accidentally removed.
* change
I am with the cell phone.
Is it possible to do this operation without a PC?
* without one
But I know my #PRS_ORG# password
I can only do this later.
Now I'm on my cellphone only.
What time does this chat work until?
Ok.
I'll get in touch as soon as I get home.
Thank you.
I can't make purchases through a card #PRS_ORG# associated with my account, giving a server error
#EMAIL#
I still cannot make any purchases
Am I logged out?
None, I just tried to make a purchase with the card, which I didn't manage to do.
The books that I tried to buy are in the shopping cart.
The message, in summary, is an error in the server, to try again later.
It is the message that before this contact was informed by you.
The error message from the server when making purchases with card #PRS_ORG#, to try again later.
Your information stated that the problem had already been solved, which didn't happen.
For this, I had to leave the chat, which doesn't seem advisable.
I will try
#NUMBER#
INTERNAL SERVER ERROR
Ups!
There was a problem, and it wasn't possible to load the page at the moment.
Please try again later.
Do you still see this message?
Go to #URL#
I already tried, but it doesn't work because I can't upload the image, but that's the message I receive
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
It was the best I could do
Exactly, with #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
And even with the #PRS_ORG# that I do not use anymore.
I only receive the message when I try to make a purchase.
I tried to buy the books one by one, but the result was the same.
Anonymous, how?
I don't still understand how to open an anonymous window
OK, what's next?
The message is exactly the same.
If possible, and since I am not able to make any purchase right now, please let me know if the anomaly is temporary or if it is just mine, or any other procedure I should follow.
Thank you
Thank you for your availability and I hope not to regret being a #PRS_ORG# customer.
Thank you very much.
Continuation of good work
I BOUGHT BOOKS FROM #PRS_ORG#, AND THEY HAVE BEEN ADDED TO MY PHONE BUT NOT TO #PRS_ORG#, HOW DO I DO THAT
#EMAIL#
FEBRUARY 12
Request #PHONENUMBER#-01
There are 7 books: Hidden Star, Someday, Behind Your Eyes, Shadows of Summer, Remember Me, A Place in Your Heart, The Disappearance of #NAME#
E-reader
Yes
#PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG#
Yes
Yes
Connecting    last synchronization on 29 Jan 21
It does not leave this screen
They entered, thank you
Yes
Yes.
Thank you for your help
Perfect
No.
All right.
Have a good day
Hello.
I have #PRS_ORG# app on my tablet, logged in to #PRS_ORG#.
I also have an account at #PRS_ORG#.
Each account has a specific password.
Now I bought an ebook in #PRS_ORG#, but I don't know how to download it on the tablet application.
#EMAIL#.
On the tablet, I only have one sample book downloaded this month.
In #PRS_ORG#, I made the first purchase yesterday (2/19/#NUMBER#).
Ok
#PRS_ORG#
I did that.
Only the sample I downloaded from the #PRS_ORG# store appears on the home screen.
The ebook purchased on #PRS_ORG# does not appear.
As the #PRS_ORG# account is new, maybe the problem is that I can't link the two accounts - the bookstore and #PRS_ORG#.
The same email: #EMAIL#
Yes.
Visitor uploaded: pedido.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
I made a PDF copy.
Yes, the title is this one.
Ok, the book has been included.
Thank you.
That's it for now.
Thank you again.
Okay.
Good morning.
I bought a book and discounted 4 times from my card.
ok
Good evening
Good evening.
18/02/#NUMBER#
ok
that
in the statement it is constating 4 transactions
I didn't even get to use the product since the purchase was just made
I would like to cancel the purchase
please
The magic of time management
From #NAME#
I can’t, as it appears on my husband’s phone
The bank app is not named on my cell phone
And I am accessing via computer.
I would like the cancellation of my purchase by the rights of the consumer protection code, if possible, please.
If I change to another screen, will the chat close?
I am from the legal area and I am recording everything that is being talked about
If I change the tab will it end the conversation?
If you do not close the conversation, I'll try to send it now
Just a moment
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-18-at-20.54.42.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
5 transactions were made.
Two were canceled and three were carried out.
That's the maximum I can send you
I do not have access to the bank account
I only want a refund for one charge, not for all of them
I don't want the product, it's my right as a client
Okay
Thank you
That's great.
Only.
Thank you very much #NAME#!!
Likewise!
Good morning,
Today I purchased an ebook #NAME#.
When I enter my registered account, in the option of purchase history, my product appears but my product doesn't appear in my library... how do I solve it??
#EMAIL#
19 Feb #NUMBER#
ok
If you check my library, you can see that the product doesn't appear
but it is in my purchase history
I am trying to read it on my #PRS_ORG# computer
the other books in my library, I read normally
and specifically this one "does not appear in my library"
on the internet
also if it appears in the list of purchased products... why it does not appear in my library...
#NUMBER# years
and what does this have to do...
Ah good...
Ah yes...
I would just like to understand
as it appears in my purchase history there with you
is there a way for you to provide me with the product Id in #PRS_ORG# so that I can contact the partner?
That's okay then...
Thank you!!
yes it was, but I always buy there
not very welcome!
#NAME# redemption
#EMAIL#
Good day,
Hello,
It just starts charging without any option to connect.
Greetings,
#NAME#
Yes, I have tried using another cable to connect my device to my computer.
and I have already tried it on more than one computer
Yes.
The homepage
4.25.#NUMBER# (7615doaao8,09/11/20)
I am doing what you recommended
in I did not see anything to connect to the computer and it is all the same...
The homepage appears, which says it is charging
Visitor uploaded: #NAME#.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
and it's still the same...
nothing appears
Yes
and when I try to configure it says to connect to the device when it's already connected
yes
And...
no, but thank you just the same
Thank you and likewise
Good evening I am having problems processing the payment
Good evening I have problems processing the payment
#EMAIL#
No purchases have been made so far.
Hello?
But this process has already been carried out many times
It appears that the information is correct and the transaction appears as "Transaction in progress", but suddenly the loading ends and returns to the shopping cart
Okay
At this moment I am trying to make the purchase again
The situation persists
The system takes the transaction but returns to the shopping cart
Do I have to repeat this entire process again?
But I did that just now
Leave it be, thanks for the help but it seems like nothing solved it
Initially I was doing the process in the E-Reader application, but since it did not work I switched to the #PRS_ORG# browser in incognito mode
And it continues in the same way
I'll do that and try again
No.
Still the same
I did a cleanup of the cookies and cache and in the checkout I inserted the payment information again
It continues to return to the shopping cart without completing the transaction
I am doing this on #PRS_ORG#
#PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#
On the mobile device I made the attempts on the #PRS_ORG# app.
Everything ok
Not a problem. It is just that.
I will wait for an answer about the situation
thanks for your attention
#PRS_ORG# has stopped calling
#EMAIL#
I don't know
the device is not turning on
turns on the screen light
The device lights up and nothing happens
It does not connect to the computer
it does not do manual restoration...
#PRS_ORG#
alright, but nothing happened...
I have already tried it with the device connected to the current and nothing happened
also connected to the USB of the computer... nothing happened
I believe it's this email
#EMAIL#
this was this email, since the other one is professional and I have it for a short time
#PRS_ORG#
Many years ago.
at least 5 years
Despite clicking on the button for a long time, it never fully turns off the screen, always leaving the #PRS_ORG# logo.
It never turns black or gives any other picture.
when I let go of the button, the only thing it does is blink the button light, the screen turns on the light and... nothing happens...
right now it is connected to the computer's usb port and I have been pressing the h+ button for more than a minute and nothing happens
Ok.
How to make the #PRS_ORG# glo synchronize / set up with computer?
#EMAIL#
I don't remember, it was saved, but I bought it #NUMBER#
I had to reset #PRS_ORG# , and now it won't configure via computer or wifi
on wifi it starts and then gets an error
on the computer it only loads up
I installed the #PRS_ORG# desktop and it does not recognize the #PRS_ORG#
that's it
before it worked perfectly
Yes, I tried on all 6 ports and with an old notebook
it just loads
and I even tried changing the cable
when I plug it in to the computer it asks to download the #PRS_ORG# desktop
it only says it doesn't recognize it
I tried it now on the desktop, I even made a new account and it still asks me to connect the cable, I changed the port and this error still occurs
How do I do a factory reset?
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
he does not leave this screen:
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-22-at-15.37.21.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
if I go back to the screen it asks me to choose the language
There's no way for me to do a reset like that
ok!
then it is stuck on this configure screen and continues to give an error on the network and only connects to the micro to charge
#NAME#
in #NUMBER#
worse that he's not on, I even tried to put the clip in the reset hole
and it gets stuck on the screen
but thanks for the help, I'll keep looking for a solution
okay! that's all
thank you
I bought the book #NAME# and did not receive it on #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
order #PHONENUMBER#-01
09/01/#NUMBER#
#NAME# clove and cinnamon
#NAME# cinnamon and clove
I can only see four chapters
pre visualization
ios
the book that appears [and PRE-VISUALIZACAO
#PRS_ORG#?
#PRS_ORG#?
BAD
THE BOOK DOWNLOADED ON #PRS_ORG# ONLY HAS 4 CHAPTERS, TWO IN THE FIRST PART AND TWO IN THE SECOND PART.
THEREFORE, IT'S INCOMPLETE.
Does logging out mean "End session"?
leave.
yes
sign out and return
the book gabriela is still incomplete
signs out
signed out.
I am saying that it logs out,
I'll do it now.
Can I?
I have logged in again.
I have three options: #PRS_ORG#, #PRS_ORG# and #PRS_ORG#.
I did it with the #PRS_ORG# option,
I am
I entered with the Livraria Cultura login and the book #NAME# is not yet available
I'm checking it out.
It seems that it worked.
Thank you.
thank you and happy blessings
I bought the book #PRS_ORG#
Order number: I already #PHONENUMBER# and I still can not read it.
Only the sample is appearing, it is not releasing the whole book.
#EMAIL#
23/02/#NUMBER#
OK
Yes.
I always have access when I buy easily
but this time this book only lets me read the sample and doesn't unlock all the items
#PRS_ORG#
ONLY THIS BOOK THAT I BOUGHT TODAY, EARLY ON, IS GIVING THIS PROBLEM:  MEDICINE OF TOMORROW
ORDER #PRS_ORG#
IOD
IOS
THERE'S ANOTHER #PRS_ORG#.
#EMAIL#
Lupa da Alma, The End of Alzeimer, Nietzech today
yes, we can do that.
But what about future purchases that I make, will this problem happen again?
thank you for the orientation
how do I do it
yes
I have already played it
that the book I bought is no longer available
Can I put it back in the library?
ok waiting
Perfect, it worked.
Thank you very much for your attention and excellent working day
My #PRS_ORG# was restarted and the books I had bought (except one) were gone, as well as the PDF files.
How to solve this?
Good day!
The email is #EMAIL#
Yes!
SAPIENS, order number #PHONENUMBER#
Okay, great day to you as well.
There is another email, where the receipt of this order above was sent: #EMAIL#
#PHONENUMBER#
Just a moment, please.
I am a bit confused but it is the #PRS_ORG#, which I found in "About #PRS_ORG#"
found
#EMAIL#
Here we go: 1. How do I exit the #PRS_ORG# account and where: on the #PRS_ORG# or on the computer?
; 2. how do I sign in with the new email?
Sorry, but I am not very familiar with these modernities
I am connected to WiFi, but I do not know how I set it up, although I think it would be easier to do so via the computer
I am setting up via #PRS_ORG#
Then I get to a page that says: Login with your account or Create an account #PRS_ORG#
Yes, it is visible but when I click it nothing happens
Now I'm back.
Since the network went down, I don't know if you are online
Hello!
I purchased some ebooks on the #PRS_ORG# site and they didn't appear on the #PRS_ORG# app.
I checked "my books" in my account on #PRS_ORG# and it only lists the books that I had already purchased.
#EMAIL#
today, 27/2, if not, 14/2
No.
OK
THE SECRET OF MY HEADSCARF
#NAME#
or   THE DUTCH HOUSE
that was another title
one of them, because none of the purchased ones showed up
there were 6 in total
All the books I have bought to date were in this account, whether through #PRS_ORG# or another #PRS_ORG# (website)
Yes.
Yes, wait one minute
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
Yes, of course.
Of course.
That's correct.
Yes.
that
of course, it is the same one
correct
yes
1 minute
no, it is not this one
#URL#
One moment
There's only one more that I bought right afterwards, I'll send you the invoice
I received it yes, thank you very much
Visitor uploaded: livrariacultura2.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
that is it
Do you know why you didn't enter directly into the #PRS_ORG#?
Everyone is available!!!!
Thank you very much!
:)
to empty it?
I didn't understand.
Oh, yes, I understand
Thank you very much and have a nice day!
I understand
Thank you very much.
Hello, good afternoon.
I would like to receive the email to reset my access password.
My email is #NAME#.
I placed the order via the website and the email is not arriving, it's not in the spam or the trash.
I tried to access through the Livraria Cultura website and it said that there are two accounts for the same e-mail.
I had an old book in my account and I want to retrieve it.
Thank you
It has been a long time since I last made any purchases, a very long time.
The book I'm looking for was by Patrick O'oneal, if I'm not mistaken "the surgeon's Mate"
yes, I have tried to access using the #PRS_ORG# and directly using the #PRS_ORG#.
But it informs that there are two accounts with the same email.
I choose the #PRS_ORG# option, in red.
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#
URL: #URL#
Type: image/png
Size: #NUMBER#
This message appears and won't let me continue.
I have another e-mail, can you check if it would be possible?
the email is #EMAIL#
Yes, I have access to that account.
ok
he refuses the address, "Missing city information".
and there is no field to put the city...
Is there a specific format?
Even selecting Brazil first.
A Christmas Carol
ok, it appeared, thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
If you could send the request to the upper level to check if they can do something about it with my other account, I would appreciate it.
OK, thank you so much for the great service.
Hello, I received an email warning me that I will lose my credits if I don’t pay in #NUMBER# hours.
The problem is: I already requested and they already blocked my account because I have a comorbidity and am prohibited by the doctor from going to the gym.
How do I do it?
I am waiting for a reply.
I understand, but why charge if my account is blocked
I received this email
Hello, I lost the chat here
Hello, next, since I have a comorbidity I sent a request for my account to be blocked.
And in the meantime I changed my credit card and they tried to charge me and they said I would lose my credits
I can't go back to the gym or sports because of a doctor's recommendation.
I need my account to remain blocked.
OK, but will the debit be done?
why I can't go to the gym
I need it to be blocked - I can't go to closed places
by medical order
Hi, #NAME#,
Thank you for reaching out to us about this and I apologize for any frustration here.
You should have received an email on October 29th notifying you that your subscription was terminated on November 5th.
Sorry if that went unnoticed!
In light of this, I have been able to put your account back on an effective hold for this cycle and refund the recent subscription charge.
I can confirm that a total of R$189 has been refunded to your payment method on file.
As a friendly note, refunds processed through your payment method can take longer to process.
However, you should see this money back in your statement within 3 months.
Thank you for your patience!
As your cycle date is the 5th of every month, I have also been able to place your account on pause for your next cycle starting on December 5th.
Your membership will be renewed again on January 5th, #NUMBER# on the 30 credits per month plan for R$189/month.
You can make changes to your account at any time, directly through your Account Settings.
I hope that helps and please let us know if you have any further questions.
Sincerely,
#NAME#.
this email I received when I explained my situation
Good evening
Hello #NAME#, good evening
I did a zumba class at 7.30 p.m. at the gym #PRS_ORG# but the credits were not charged to the gym.
The class shows as canceled.
Please can you credit my account with the credits for the gym?
When did this change?
Because on Tuesday the same thing happened and they regularized it through #PRS_ORG#
But the reservation was canceled during the class.
Probably this happened because the manager didn't send the link before but I'm already part of the group on #PRS_ORG#.
The same thing happened twice and everything was taken care of through chat.
The school is in a different country than mine, I can't make the financial transfer to the school.
could someone help me?
Hello, how are you?
Could you help me?
Could you help me?
another question: if I dont like and cancel it before 14 days free, it wont be recharged on my credit card, right?
hello
I am up to review
Could you transfer to a Brazilian attendant?
Can I have an attendant who speaks Portuguese, pls?
haha
but I want to choose another rate/value....dor less credits
I know there is a smaller plan which costs #NUMBER# reais
my account
Portuguese
helloaa
just appear an option
for 15 credits
correct
#NAME#, Brazil.
I need help.
Is that wrong?
yes
thank you
But on mu login appers 14 days free
#NAME#, you've already been here for a while and I'm not managing to solve this...rs
I want to reactive my plan
but automatically it's configured to #NUMBER#
and I wanted to reactivate for #NUMBER# 15 credits
Could you help me?
Another question:
am I entitled to the 14 day free benefits?
in my login it appears
I cannot change the cycle
Do you understand?
this is automatically prefilled with #NUMBER#
yes you can
one minute
Visitor uploaded: Doc1.pdf
URL: #URL#
Type: application/pdf
Size: #NUMBER#
follow
Thank you
Hi, how are you?
Can I only see the values if I reactivate my subscription?
Sorry.
May we return to the chat?
Hi #NAME#.
How are you doing?
I would like to analyze all the plans of #PRS_ORG# x values
but I can't on the website...
Do I have to subscribe to the trial for a few days to get access to this information?
ok.
thank you very much!
puts
I have not managed to clear my doubts yet
Can you help me?
I would like to reactivate
my account at the moment
but only auto-renewal of 30 credits tells...
I would like 15
can you check for me how many credits a gym's modability charges?
so I can have an idea of how much I need to sign up for?
the studio I'm talking about is #PRS_ORG#
can you see it there?
thank you very much
it would be a massage session at the gym #PRS_ORG# located in Campo Belo.
our
That is all.
hehe
and to change the automatic renewal of my subscription.
I saw that I could get 14 days for free and 10 credits...
Can I cancel until when to not be charged?
How much time before can I cancel to not have a charge?
Hello!
I would like to take a break from my plan.
could you help me, please?
hello there
I would like to pause my subscription
I still have 25 credits to spend
but I don't want to renew my cycle for now
Is it possible to use these credits even with the subscription on pause, right?
Great!
and I won't be charged during this period, right?
can be!
Yes
If I cancel my subscription, can I still use the credits I have?
I understand.
can I take a pause for R$25, right?
I do not want to be charged R$#NUMBER# from my account this month, but I still have 25 credits to spend
So I would like to know the best option for me to use these credits and then cancel the account
I'm on this page
but the only option is one for R$35.00
the other person who was attending me sent me the following msg
Now that the State restrictions have been lifted and billing has restarted, we are no longer offering the free, 1-month pause plan as a plan change option in your Membership Settings.
However, you can continue to pause your membership under our 0‘credits access + digital’ / ‘digital + credits access’ monthly membership plan 0 for R$25.00 per month.
Can you change it for me so that I'm only charged R$25, please?
I understand!
and it will keep charging me the R$25.00 until I cancel the subscription, right?
Okay!
If I make this change today, it will not be charged #NUMBER# but rather 25.00, right?
That's great!
Thank you!
No, that was it!
Same to you too!
I would like to know about the plans
Hello,
I noticed I'm being charged on my credit card.
I never used it, I would like to cancel it and get reimbursed for the months that I was charged unduly.
Hi #NAME#!
I want you to immediately stop the charges on my credit card.
I want to be reimbursed for the months that I was charged inappropriately
I will sue them.
no.
I downloaded the app, didn't use it and canceled
you charged me indevidamente
without my authorization
I don't want credits
I want you to stop charging
and I want them to give me my money back
it was charged wrongly
I don't even have the app anymore
I canceled my account before I even used it
I never used any lessons
I'm dissatisfied, I want to cancel and want the money back that they charged me for no reason.
yes.
thank you
who am I talking to?
#NAME#
besides the prints of this conversation, I would like to record what we have agreed on by email.
A week, right?
on February 1st of #NUMBER#, you will make the reimbursement, correct?
I already have the copy.
I want an email from you saying what was agreed on here.
#EMAIL#
saying that it canceled and that it will refund
Do you have my account?
ok, thank you very much!
Hi!
it doesn't help me in anything else, I'm going to save the email and the receipts.
thank you
good morning to you too!
Brazilian Portuguese: hi, night float.
how do you cancel?
Hello #NAME#!
Good afternoon
Do you speak Portuguese?
Any phone number to contact?
I want to hire and have some doubts
Do you offer a personal plan?
Create a personal account (personal)
Any crossfit in #PRS_ORG# - Rio de Janeiro - Brazil?
I didn't find it on the website
It is not in my state.
Hundreds of kilometers away.
what a pity
Niteroi
I am in Brazil.
It seems like there isn't one, but thank you very much for your attention
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving wrong charges in our credit card.
The charge is coming in on the #PRS_ORG# card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of the card #NUMBER#
Visitor uploaded: #PRS_ORG#-Image-2021-02-17-at-18.53.15.jpeg
URL: #URL#
Type: image/jpeg
Size: #NUMBER#
the card is #PRS_ORG#
#EMAIL#
there is only this email
The charge was made on the card #NUMBER#, as sent in the photos
That card was cancelled, but the charge still comes up
To which email did we send it?
Hello, good afternoon.
We are receiving improper charges on a credit card
the charge is coming from the #PRS_ORG# card
#PHONENUMBER#
#EMAIL#
End of card #NUMBER#
#EMAIL#
The previous operator informed me that this email is related to the phone number, right?
But no account was taken of you.
Okay, please carry out the cancellation and refund process
* to provide the refund process
Just wait then?
Ok, will the money go directly into the bank account?
Since the card has been canceled.
But if the card was canceled, how will the refund be made?
Should I check with the card administrator about this?
Ok, thank you.
For now, just that, thank you very much
Good day
I received a charge from #PRS_ORG# after the trial phase
I am fine
I am fine
Okay.
Option 3
I tried to cancel through the app but it said it was an error
In this case will #NUMBER# in my invoice be refunded?
How do I do only to change my plan, in this case to #NUMBER# reais?
I would like to have #NUMBER# reais refunded, and only use R$99
It is giving an error
Do you have a phone that can talk to you?
Not yet
I just want to change the plan, and receive a refund of #NUMBER# reais
Ok
If I choose the R$99/month plan, can I buy standalone credits?
If you miss a class
Ok
Put me on the lower plan (99/month) and partly reimburse the charge that was placed on my card statement
I have been going to a gym and my name has not been going in the system.
I made a request for this
Do you know if this issue was resolved?
My yoga - #NAME#
Okay
I will contact the studio
Thank you
Good day
We need budget for benefits to our customers.
We are an insurance company #PRS_ORG# it is possible to schedule a meeting to discuss the matter
Good day,
have a telephone cantata
how can we schedule a meeting
Good morning #NAME#
I need a budget or to schedule a meeting for benefits to our customers
