Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello NAME-M, my name is NAME-M
I recently got in touch with you about my PRS-ORG by e-mail.
This is because my whole team was sold and packages were bought without me doing it myself.
So I think my account has been hacked....
I have currently already changed all my passwords from PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
EMAIL and my PSN is NAME-N
the specified email address no longer exists.
to change my log-in data, I must use this address, but that is not possible.
EMAIL, but that doesn't exist anymore.
that's the problem
PRS-ORG
of NAME-F
that's good
e-mail address: EMAIL
no?
what do I have to do now?
create a new account?
closing off the old system?
I can't find where to do this in URL.
I paid for a book, but did not receive it.
Can someone get in touch?
EMAIL
January 2, 2021
Book Title is NAME-M
Is there anybody else?
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x3204 pasnr.013
This is stated in the payment
He’s in the middle of it.
Thanks for the help and have a nice day
This morning I bought the PRS-ORG (3 audio books by NAME-M, at a price of 52 euro, but I cannot download them as audio files.
What next?
My e-mail address is EMAIL
I would like a quick response, as I have already paid
How long do a couple of minutes last with you?
My Windows 11 laptop and my Sony mp3 player
I have downloaded the PRS-ORG app but it doesn’t download anything.
If your purchase information was not so lacking, I would never have started this.
I prefer a refund.
My thanks for your help.
Maybe you can have the website administrators clean up this information?
It could help me in the future if I were to order something from ng.
Logged out on advice and logged in again, but paying still does not work
EMAIL
PRS-ORG
i buy it from the ereader
if I want to pay, I am directed to payment method which was never the case. The text is very small and unreadable and then it asks if you are sure you want to cancel the sale
usually it was very simple to confirm a purchase and done
so if i understand
first remove everything through the website
how to re-enter and how to sync PRS-ORG
I am talking about the e-reader
I'm going to try again for now thank you well if it doesn't work I'll contact you mrgr
I am contacting you concerning the interaction PHONENUMBER.
I can't access my account, and I also can't reset the password.
EMAIL (but I can't get in there any more)
PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
Or of NAME-M PRS-ORG.
Yes, I do.
This account is not known in this combination of name and password.
When I request a new password, the link for that does not come to my email box.
Please include the history of the interaction.
Yes, that's right.
I can't access that account or reset my password.
it should be: EMAIL
Seriously?
aha!I'm going to try it out right away.
Yes, I understand, for now the entrance via PRS-ORG doesn’t recognise the account pw combination.
I've now requested a w password.
It seems to be working now...
Yes, all is good!
That log-in screen of PRS-ORG is very small.
Thanks for the help.
Books accessible!
And then close.
I'm trying to put e-books on our pocketbook, but there is no option to download my books under my account.
Could this be right?
Email: EMAIL 1 of the books is: PRS-ORG by NAME-F.
It is a trial period of 1 month.
Could this be the cause?
This is for the following purchase: PRS-ORG Subscription - Monthly fee
If it works, you should be able to download the books, but the button is missing.
we only have Read Now, View Details, Mark as Complete, Write Review and Delete.
Why has this changed?
This was possible, because there are articles about this on the internet.
In this case, the trial has failed.
I can no longer open the book in my PRS-ORG app.
5 September 2021
It's about PRS-ORG.
I can't open this book anymore.
I keep getting thrown out.
The other books I can open.
It is just this book.
I have an PRS-ORG app on an PRS-ORG phone
have
Yes!
It is working again.
Thanks
No.
I'm going to read for a while.
Thank you!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Morning
PRS-ORG
Have a good afternoon now
In the meantime
Really nice.
I was banned from PRS-ORG, I saw it today
What about the PRS-ORG points I bought from the Microsoft Store from PRS-ORG
Because when I contact them they say that I have to contact you
I want that money back
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
Is according to me my name
Let’s first have a chat about purchasing PRS-ORG points
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
My account EMAIL with my game ALPHANUMERICID was hacked years ago.
Had contact with the helpdesk, in English, but it went badly.
Now I can't log in at all, not even after resetting my password.
I have been busy with this for years and would now very much like to continue / have solved it.
How nice that I can type in Dutch.
Yes, please, then we’ll see if I can also retrieve more of my game.
ALPHANUMERICID
A few times, but it still didn't work.
I created a 2nd account, this works.
Did I correctly detect that my account NAME-N...URL has been blocked?
Do you still want to reset?
yes, after a reset, password has now been successful, thank you so much!
I'm checking now if my game is available on that site..
But my game is not on the list.
Can you help me with that?
Oh I see my orders in history.
That’s great, keep looking.
Thanks!!
no, in browser
I can do it now, thank you again!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I signed up for a PRS-ORG subscription for 1 month and then downloaded the PRS-ORG hub for the PS4.
When I start up this app it gives an error message and does not start up.
Clicking on “try again” results in the same message.
I am connected to the internet and all other games do work.
The problem was not solved by restarting the playstation.
Also re-downloading the app
I want to buy PRS-ORG with the 10% discount that I get with my PRS-ORG subscription, only that discount does not automatically appear with me.
Additionally, I would like to play the 10 hour long free trial of PRS-ORG, starting from the 22nd of September.
Don’t I need the PRS-ORG hub for that?
So when I want to purchase PRS-ORG from PRS-ORG because you get a 10% discount, I don't get an extra 10% discount for having a PRS-ORG subscription, even though I should
How do I contact them?
And on September 22nd I can just download PRS-ORG in the Playstation store and start playing at 10 pm?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M my name is NAME-M
I would like to change my date of birth
From 20 to 20
Mail EMAIL
NAME-N
Correct
ALPHANUMERICID
Perfect.
Thank you very much.
You did help me though.
Not your colleague.
I gave it a terrible terrible review .
I’ll give you a good one in return.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M is my name.
Hey!
My question is if you can set up my transfer market for me, because I can't do it on my transfer market on the web app.
Going well thanks, and you?
Thank you, my PSN name is ALPHANUMERICID
On PRS-ORG, I did have that.
But on the console I don’t see anything and in the web app it’s not open yet.
I've played a lot of games already, and that's also why I wanted to ask.
Because after playing so many matches, it still hasn't succeeded
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But I can't find the book.
I've already tried lots of things.
After that I asked for another book and this one came in well
EMAIL
May 17, 2021 NAME-M, PRS-ORG
I bought the book PRS-ORG by NAME-M yesterday.
Payment has been processed.
But book I cannot find it.
I’ve already tried everything.
After that I borrowed another book and that went quite well
Correct
PRS-ORG
Reference is: 17 11:06 CREDITCARD
The other number that is attached is: PHONENUMBER
Thank you for the quick help
It's right there
No that was it.
Thank you
I have an e-reader PRS-ORG.
I installed the URL PRS-ORG abb on the e-reader.
I can't find those anywhere on the ereader.
EMAIL
bought my first e-book yesterday from URL: socrates op sneakers.
I have been trying to get that on the new e-reader all day...
PRS-ORG??
how do I get my ebook on it?
as long as you have linked your account to your device: what device do you mean?
Which library?
device?
is that my computer?
I bought the book yesterday and received an e-mail from PRS-ORG that it is available.
EMAIL
Hello, I have a PRS-ORG and I can no longer make contact with a laptop.
I've tried different cables and laptops, but always the same result.. It says that the USB device is not being recognized and caused a malfunction.
I can also no longer perform updates/synchronization on the PRS-ORG itself.
Do these have anything to do with each other and is there something I can do about it?
Thanks a lot for the response!
Regards NAME-F
EMAIL
I always transfer the books via a cable from the laptop to the reader, so I don't use my account for that
Then I do have the right version?
Is there another reason why I can't link it to PC anymore?
Ereader has been reset in the meantime, but still it does not make contact with the laptop.
According to the reader it is connected and charging, but it says access is denied on the laptop.
USB device not recognized..
PRS-ORG is not recognized by computer.
I tried a lot of things (different/new cable, different computer, factory settings); nothing works.
read on the internet stories from other PRS-ORG users with the same problems
EMAIL
a book title is 'if you're so smart why are you not happy?'
thanks NAME-M, I hope you have a nice day as well.
i will let you know once you have found my account
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG
so it's not that
other computers also do not recognize my e-reader
already emptied the drivers and followed several advices i found on the internet
I use the supplied cable, and even tried the cable from another PRS-ORG e-reader.
it's not that either
my proposal is that I'll send it back, because I don't see any other option left
I just don't know if I want a PRS-ORG back, my confidence in PRS-ORG has dropped somewhat because of this
tried the factory settings too.
This problem has been going on for a few months unfortunately.
resetting usb ports might help
but contacting PRS-ORG I think is a better idea, because I don't have confidence that we'll be able to solve it ourselves
Thank you.
Just quickly checked and that is not it.
The USB ports work perfectly.
I contact PRS-ORG
Thanks for your contribution
thank you NAME-M
no, I'll continue with PRS-ORG
have a nice day
Similarly,
ebook
365 days dutchman was the most recent ebook
good evening.
I am waiting.
I am already formulating my question: I have now downloaded and saved 103 ebooks.
I deleted a number of purchases shortly after purchasing them.
I have saved these 102 ebooks and they are visible under the heading “ebooks”.
What is the maximum number of e-books that will remain visible before I have to archive, if that is the case at all?
102 ebooks through PRS-ORG, i mean.
ok but I don't have a PRS-ORG e-reader.
I have a PRS-ORG on which I have installed the PRS-ORG app.
And on that app are my e-books that I read through my plus subscription.
So I guess some e-books will still be visible on my PRS-ORG?
hundreds, I mean.
I understand.
My question has been answered.
Thank you!
Have a nice evening!
30% of my purchase within a few hours
EMAIL
unknown_issue
i would still get my money refunded
November 1, 22 ebooks from goblin slayer
we are now a few days further and I have not received anything yet
Regarding chat log PHONENUMBER
Take all the time you need
I spoke to NAME-F last week because my discount code of 30% did not work
it indicated to just settle the claim and then I would receive a refund of 30 Euro within a few hours.
Unfortunately I have not yet received anything in my account
Total purchase amount is 90.79
Yes, good.
Only I am surprised that you will refund my money and NAME-F has also promised that.
I actually assumed it would be on my account by Monday :)
If you can give me an approximate time when it will be credited I will be more than happy
I would like to see the money on my account and not as credit
I am completely with you and bought all the new ebooks of goblin slater.
OK, 3 to 5 workdays that is clear.
So no later than next Thursday
Thanks, you've helped me nicely and I wish you a nice evening
Top, I will fill that in
unknown_issue
I see that PRS-ORG offers recommendations.
Quite often I tap a book and then it says that I have to pay.
How can this happen when I have a PRS-ORG subscription.
OK
But I can download other books for free, such as PRS-ORG and not PRS-ORG from NAME-F.
those 15 books is per month.
Must remove books read.
I am reading on a e- reader PRS-ORG edition 2.
Restore?
I don't see a repair option
Done.
Still paying for recommendations.
I know not everything is included in the subscription.
I also regularly buy a book.
But if a book is under PRS-ORG you may assume that you can download it for free.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
hi NAME-M, I am trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
Only I don’t get him loaded.
It gives the following message: Cannot load the saved game.
Probably the game was saved with data from an expansion pack that is no longer on this computer
however, I did not remove anything
And this for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But of course, that means that I lose my progress.
NAME-F
I'm trying to load my saved PRS-ORG game.
But I can't get it loaded.
He is indicating: Unable to load the saved game.
The game was probably saved using data from a game add-on that is no longer on this computer
11:50
however, i have not deleted anything
for all my saved games.
I could start a new game.
But then I lose my progress of course.
I'm not sure that I understand at all.
So I'm starting a new game.
Then I turn in.
But how do I copy the URL file?
I'm going to give it a try.
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Sem
Yes, a little bit of patience
Typing is slow
In order to play certain games, I have to sign up with a PRS-ORG account.
If I create an account and use my own email address, it says that it is already in use.
That is correct,  one has already been created by PRS-ORG.
But then, the verification code is sent to @URL.
So, I can't go on.
What should I do?
The account is automatically created by PRS-ORG.
I only know my email so
EMAIL
Thanks a lot for the help.
I'll see if I can manage it.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I just finished doing the PRS-ORG player picks.
I had the choices of UEL tapsoba, IF martinelli, honourable mention David and numbersup NAME-M.
I naturally wanted to take this NAME-M.
But after checking his player details first, my pick jumped back to UEL Tapsoba...
Unfortunately I also suffer from colour blindness, which makes it difficult for me to see which pick I need to select.
Especially since I was on NAME-M and it just jumps back.
I am very bored with this now.
Yes, it actually asks for confirmation, but I don't think there is a nickname next to it?
I did take a photo to show that I packed NAME-M.
But I don't know if this can serve as evidence here?
A pity.
Finds it very remarkable that I am on NAME-M, view his player bio.
Go back and then press X to choose this player, the choice suddenly changed to Tapsoba.
No, that's okay, although I have to admit that the mistake was mine when selecting and then selecting 'yes' again.
But then the ‘bug’ or peculiarity had already happened, in my opinion.
But when there is nothing to prove.
What a pity
Yes, you may.
And what could be the consequences of that?
OK
I was just in a chat session with NAME-F.B Can I continue the conversation here?
EMAIL
rinkeldekink of NAME-M
I just had a chat contact with PRS-ORG.
She advised this as well... I tried something but then the chat session was broken off.
There it was written that my subscription expired on March 14 2018....!
When tried to log in via URL and get the notification that my accounts can be linked........
It seems that my subscription has been cancelled somewhere because the financial data did not match...... but I don't understand anything about this because nothing has changed.
In December 2020, the final instalment was made.
Not that I know.... in August 2017 I bought the e-reader and took out a subscription for € 9,99 per month.
After half a year I noticed that I had a subscription with both PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG… don’t ask me how that could happen… but 1 subscription has been cancelled.
Afterwards I dutifully paid off the credit card every month.
The last debit took place on December 14th.....
December 14 2020
So to reactivate PRS-ORG again?
I will try that..... thanks for your help already...... if it doesn't work I will get back to you!!!
have a good day.
Good afternoon NAME-M
but here something went wrong
sync
I'm trying to buy the book PRS_ORG.
I have logged out, but it's not in my account
can you make sure it comes to my account?
thanks in advance
ok
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
That must be him.
he is in my account
Thank you!
i do not have my e-reader at hand
but everything will be alright
Thanks for the help so far
no, it is fine this way
Thank you!
Customer number is PHONENUMBER
I was already chatting, right?
Can you see who I was chatting with?
The email address of the PRS-ORG account is EMAIL, the email address of my ereader is EMAIL.
This last email address will expire soon.
How do I change the email address on the e-reader?
I do not know that.
I only see that there is a URL listed in my PRS-ORG account.
That is correct.
And on the e-reader in the settings (so the device) EMAIL .
This last email address will soon expire and should therefore also be replaced by an email address.
I mean.
EMAIL.
I bought 2.
One at PRS-ORG and one at URL last Sunday.
By the way, it is also important that PRS-ORG is mentioned on the e-reader device.
I don't understand.
do I have to log out of the old email address in the subcategory PRS-ORG of the settings/accounts of the device.
And then?
What do you mean by my email address NEARBY?
Do I also have to deregister for the pocket?
And with Adobe, now the withdrawal of the old email address after approval.
Will it be changed automatically?
And how do I log in?
Sorry I'm really a digibeet
And do I then risk losing my books?
I have ordered these 2 e-books but they are not visible in my books
EMAIL
EMAIL
EMAIL
The purchase is visible on my account.
I did not get a confirmation email, but the amount has been reserved on my account
This is from a different purchase today.
I did get this book
Enclosed please find the proof of my payment
Thank you for your answer.
These are the two books.
See above picture.
You can see in my account that I didn't receive these two books
- Date the charges were incurred: 7 June 2023
Amount: € 24,98
- Postcode (of the billing address on the bank statement) our zip code is 3840
See further payment details in the pictures below
- the first 4 and the last 4 digits of the credit card: ALPHANUMERICID
- name of the credit holder: PRS-ORG
I bought the book van de zevende zus on 6 May at 20:05, but cannot synchronize it with my PRS-ORG e-reader and also cannot see it in my PRS-ORG recruit account.
EMAIL
The cheese factory and its former puppy
I can't immediately find the date
Yes
Look that up..
I have a transaction reference no. CREDITCARD of
6/05 20:03
Go I do.
I found the book!
:) Thank you very much for the quick help!
No is not required.
Thank you.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I am NAME-M
if you can help me solve my problem...
Did you see my screen shot
If I start the PRS-ORG app, my status stays gray.
I can't fix this, I've tried everything.
when I start PRS-ORG I can't connect to the servers.
I have been dealing with this for a longer time now..
That's right.
I sent you a screenshot with my status.
this stays on grey and not on online.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
I bought PRS-ORG packages (PS4) but I would like to play them on the pc.
Is that possible or do I have to buy everything again?
I already have the game on the pc.
However, I had hoped to be able to use my account at both locations.
It is a pity (disappointing) if I have to start from scratch now.
I am attached to my family, children and animals ;-)
What a pity.
Do you know whether this is possible in the future?
Too bad, thanks for your explanation.
It would be nice if you could play your progress everywhere...
Hopefully in the future.
Thanks for your reply and have a great evening!
Thank you very much!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-F
Thank you for the quick response
I haven't been active on my account for a long time.
I wish I could sign up now but I am having trouble with it.
The verification code sent also goes to a wrong email address.
EMAIL
What can I do to get my account back?
Thank you
EMAIL
I had already tried the forget password option but I didn't receive an email from it.
*not even with unwanted
I have tried that, but I don't receive an email about it.
If I want to create a new one I get a message that there is already an account at that e-mail address.
But can I create a new account with the same email address?
Is it possible that you delete everything so that I can create a new account on my email?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
Hello NAME-M, I can't install PRS-ORG from DVD.
Bought in the store.
I have the installation code
I'm NAME-M (dad) sitting here with NAME-F (daughter)
definitely.
The code is PRS-ORG
Was years ago, I think at a toy shop
Newly bought in every case
That's okay, I'll wait
This does not seem right to me.
The code is not sold as a time-limited code.
Is there a place where we can download the game, so that we can see if the code works?
Because installing it on the PC at home is already failing.
So we have not yet come to enter the code.
This week I specially bought a stand-alone DVD player for this game!
I am going to give that a try.
will you wait a moment?
I get the message that the code has already been used.
That must have been PRS-ORG on her old PC
Hello NAME-M, This is not very satisfactory.
We are honest people and do not get the game we bought new installed.
I am going to hang it up now.
If your PRS-ORG has something to offer, her email address is EMAIL .
Good evening
I got a payment reminder for a PRS-ORG subscription, via URL.
PRS-ORG indicates it will contact you.
This subscription has been canceled before the renewal, so the reminder is not appropriate.
Reference: PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
Process management in practice is one of the titles
I've already cancelled it, before the extension.
But now I'm getting a payment reminder for the period for which I had already terminated
yes via email, NAME-N, from URL
next to this subscription I have nothing else running
PRS-ORG Read &amp; Listen, 2021 to 2021
1 time
€12,99
but I had already ended it for this period
Ah, well, they have referred me back to you
but i will contact them again
Thank you for the effort.
i understand
no, it was
Thanks, it's working again
Yesterday I bought an ebook PRS-ORG.
I paid this through PRS-ORG, which has also been debited, but I did not receive any e-book.
I ordered by phone.
But when I log in on my phone or on my e-reader, he is not listed, I have gone through all the steps as turning it off etc.
EMAIL
20, and the book is called PRS-ORG
The book in my ebook is PRS-ORG
The ebook that is on my ereader, sorry
Thank you my day is going great
If I leave the chat, is this gone?
I have Internet banking on my phone
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x9672 pasnr.014
He insists on it!
Thanks a lot.
Best regards and have a great day
Hello, I have had an ereader from you since July 2022.
So not even a year.
Today I was reading on the e-reader, I also have an official case with it that it goes into sleep mode when it closes.
I used the e-reader, closed the case and put it down.
When I then opened it up (it hasn't fallen, been moved or anything like that.
He did not get wet either) the screen looked weird.
If you look at the top of the page you’ll see that it says ‘sleep mode’. Below that you can see part of the book in bands and triangles, the cover, and it still vaguely says ‘94% read’.
Vertical streaks are also visible.
If I turn them off (15 secs) then I can still see the tr, if I turn it on again, it changes something on the screen as if it is going to, but the explained image at the top remains constantly.
What can I do and how is this possible after only one year??
Hello
EMAIL
And it seems to be a PRS-ORG
Sorry for the belated reply.
Here is the picture from the screen.
The device has had rest, we've already reset it, etc. But this keeps showing up without any reason.
Good evening, ah that is weird.
I’m sending it now as a pdf, hopefully that will work.
ebook
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase Reference: 2021 17:13 CREDITCARD
Last book I bought is From Blood and Ash
Hello, my purchased ebook has not appeared in my library again.
Do you want to add it?
Fine!
And thanks
Excellent!
Thanks.
Question: This happens every time.
Do you know why?
Can I do something else?
The book has arrived, by the way!
:)
Oh great!
Then, next time I do it through PRS-ORG or something.
Thanks for the info.
Have a nice evening!
Thanks and I will do
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
According to the login tab, my account can no longer be found
Which is very bad because there is quite a bit of money involved
Can this be put back?
Yes.
My account does no longer exist
EMAIL
or
EMAIL
EMAIL
Dutch?
NAME-M you should know that right guy
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Yes so you guys put Knock out city for free but I paid for it.
Ok, so I bought Knock out city from PRS-ORG switch for 30 euro.
And now it’s free.
Is it possible to get my money back.
Hello?
No, I bought it at the PRS-ORG e-shop.
PRS-ORG said I should contact you.
Yes ok thanks.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
I played PRS-ORG for years in a row, only in 2022 did I not get PRS-ORG.
This year I want to get PRS-ORG again, however, I can't access the web app now, can you give me access to my account in the web app?
This is what I think happened.
And if I already pre-order PRS-ORG now?
can I log into the web app from 23?
But I've played PRS-ORG for years just 22 not.
you have all the information, right?
Hmm then my friends have an advantage now because they can use the web app sooner than me. I'm not sure if I'll be able to catch up
hmm a pity, then I won't be picking up PRS-ORG.
Clear, I know enough
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Goodnight
My name is NAME-M
Since last week I am out of the PRS-ORG app, and I can't log in
In the screenshot I shared you can see that the codes are being sent to a 95@
But I don't have an email address with that name
I log in via facebook, then it recognizes the e-mail address EMAIL
and then you have to type that code
and I am not getting it
correct in the PRS-ORG app
Thanks
because why would the PRS-ORG app unist me from the app
because you have to log in 1 time per month or?
I will try that
Thank you in advance
Great, best wishes to you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
Uh oh I was already in a conversation with PRS-ORG.
I had to restart my PC and the chat is gone.
I clicked on the link back in my mail, but apparently I started a new chat.
The problem I had was that I did not get the PRS-ORG Ultimate edition in my game library using PRS-ORG
In the end I had to remove my caches in %programdata% and roaming and then check if it worked.
I have that one.
This is the code: ALPHANUMERICID
Sure?
I do not have the game in my game library.
I can't add it.
It says: Reserveer nu 62.99 EUR.
When I started PRS-ORG the store was on the Netherlands and then there was the option of adding it, but it then said I had to go to the store iBelgium (I am also from Belgium).
And there I see only the Reserve option..
Ok, but friends of mine have it in their library already so for e.g.
21 September available for pre-loading.
But I can't add it.
This is related to the fact that I live in Belgium and Belgium has adapted certain laws regarding purchases in the gaming sector.
Because for example
In Belgium you can't buy any PRS-ORG's due to these new laws.
I just want to be sure to get the PRS-ORG version because I am paying
who PRS-ORG especially does that for..
OK.
I will see then.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M, I would really like to talk to someone.
Not with a computer.
Thank you.
My PRS-ORG transfermarkt account has been locked for a month.
I have already said thousands of times that I haven't committed any offense.
This has been passed on to your team 10 times, but the lock remains
I go mad, I can no longer do anything.
Can I contact someone by phone, please?
EMAIL
This has been fought against dozens of times
Without result…
I'm really getting discouraged
Thanks, I really hope you can help me.
Is there any other phone number I can contact?
Thank you!
Hopefully they can do something here about it...
Thank you.
No, hopefully with this problem...
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I just had an unusual experience and I do not understand it.
I log in to my PRS-ORG account, where I have PRS-ORG.
He is no longer in my library
How can this be?
That is correct, but I just logged in to PRS-ORG and I can see it there.
But not on PRS-ORG app
I only have PRS-ORG I think, so no.
Oh no, I see that I have more games on PRS-ORG.
But no I don’t see that
EMAIL
No, fine like this.
thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hello my name is NAME-M
Hello,
I'm getting better but I'm quite bitter about it.
My PRS-ORG account has been hacked, a strange email address has been linked to it and that person sold my players in PRS-ORG and transferred my budget.
I can now start over completely and I am a fanatic amateur gamer.
But now I have nothing left.
That would be great
The email address I used is EMAIL and my username is ALPHANUMERICID
Currently there is a foreign email address attached, as shown in the appendix.
I get ALPHANUMERICID
I thought I had a good security with 2 step verification, my PSN password I already changed.
I can't get into the PRS-ORG account, not even in the PRS-ORG app.
Okay.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi NAME-M.
My name is NAME-F.
I had already contacted my problem earlier.
However, I received a phone call, which caused my contact person to interrupt the conversation.
But now I'm back!
I just switched from PRS-ORG to PRS-ORG.
However, I did not see my games in my library.
The person I spoke with has, I think, made sure that PRS-ORG is now in my library.
But I still haven't received any expansion packs.
When I click on the game, it just stays at "loading", with a clock
My question is, can you help me to get PRS-ORG+ the expansion packs ready to play on my account?
EMAIL
Meanwhile I see that there is no longer a loading
ALPHANUMERICID
All right.
I know enough then.
Thanks for figuring it out!
No way, that was it!
Thanks, and continue working on them!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
My Case Number:
PHONENUMBER
My account was hacked and players were sold
I've been waiting for more than a week and I'm wondering how long this is going to take.
But I’ve been hearing this for a week and your colleague said it wouldn’t take long
Can you check How much longer?
Because I am always told that I have to wait but no time indication.
A week ago they said it would be 1 week.
And you can't see how long this will last?
Because your colleague first says 1 week?
This is my working assumption
Or can I speak to the specialist myself?
But I won’t be segregated for this.
PRS-ORG
Said
So was I never told very unprofessional then?
Because I receive a case number and a code to view the case
So I have to wait another week now?
Why is this not communicated by PRS-ORG that you have to wait again when you resume the case?
Maybe a point of feedback?
I just have to wait
Waiting
And doing nothing and just waiting.
Ok bye thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-F
The account is on an old email address that I no longer have access to, and I've forgotten my password.
I have been logged out of my account, so now I can't do anything
Could you change my email address?
EMAIL or EMAIL
How do you mean confirm?
by e-mail or?
the associated email address is EMAIL
so I no longer have access here
yes that's right, through the years I have created a new email address and forgot to change it
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Well
I just did PRS-ORG PRS-ORG 85+ x 10 sbc
and then my PRS-ORG crashed
restart
It turns out the package I got from that sbc is sold out
and Of course you understand that I would never sell that if it is not tradeable
Yeah i would just like to get my price out of that SBC
I also added pictures of how the package looks
ALPHANUMERICID is my Nickname
and I think my mail address is EMAIL
and other my elder and that is EMAIL
NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG on pc
When I start my PRS-ORG on the pc I keep getting the message that Secure boot is not enabled
I tried everything I found on the internet, but nothing works.
How do I fix this?
EMAIL
How long will this take approximately?
because I pre-ordered the game but I have not been able to play it yet
and I would like to play but it does not work
okay
Thanks for your help, I'll just wait then
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is PRS-ORG.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
PRS-ORG, best wishes!
I purchased PRS-ORG coins on 01/01 but they are not showing in my PRS-ORG account
I followed all the steps from logging in loggin
I am afraid that I will lose my money!
Please can you help me
EMAIL
Are you referring to Hoeb?
Okay and then
But they tell me to contact you
Okay thanks I will do that
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Dear Sir/Madam,
i always played PRS-ORG on my playstation but because it now became crossplay i bought eaplay pro so i can play PRS-ORG on pc
now I want to start in ultimate team with the web app, but I end up automatically on my PS4 account with PRS-ORG which I don't want to use this year, I want to use my PRS-ORG (pc) account for ultimate team
now i have deleted my playstation account on PRS-ORG so they are no longer linked to each other and now i can't log in to the webapp at all
thank you
no I have never played on a pc using PRS-ORG I am however busy preloading PRS-ORG
ok so this is because I have never created an ultimate team on the pc?
so if I do this when the game comes out can I use the webapp completely?
darn it that I now miss a lot of coins :(
it is clear to me thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
My name is NAME-M
Good afternoon,
I had a question regarding an update of an already open request
It’s about PRS-ORG, where my Ultimate Team was hacked.
When it was said that a specialized team would investigate and that it would take about 24 hours
This was last Tuesday.
Now it was just a matter of whether there might be an update as I still hadn't received a reaction/compensation or the like for my "loss"
EMAIL 😊
This week, every day said the status has been updated and continues to be processed.
Of course it's a little tiring to say, but you don't really know yourself what still needs to happen or how far they are
Hopefully yes indeed, the urge to play the game has been much less the past week
Anyway, thanks for the effort
good evening
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
sadly not haha!
i no longer have access to division rivals
I am not able to access the server at all the time
but I created a new PS5 account and it works on this
same for all my friends these can also play rivals
i've done a restart and the whole help online
but unfortunately there is nothing
and it's been that way all day so i can't get any rewards tomorrow either
correct
super!
Thank you in advance
I've gotten a market ban there, I'm already considering it, but shouldn't this have nothing to do with rivals?
ok so it is not weird that another account can be on rivals?
Can I also be with you for my transfermarket ban perteoval?
EMAIL
o.k. super, then i'm doing that!
Thank you very much!
but shouldn't I worry about my divisions?
so it just comes in order?
we are certain of that?
great, thanks a lot!
have a nice evening, continue!
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
May I ask your first name?
I was in a chat with him just now, but he dropped out
My controllers provide a lot of resistance on l2 and r2, making it hard to play
I reset them but it doesn't help
My controllers give a lot of resistance at l2 and r2 so it's difficult to play.
Where can I find the controller support?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
Hi, My name is NAME-M.
I installed the game PRS-ORG on my windows PC today, I use your PRS-ORG app on the PC.
However, the game is very slow.
I'm not an experienced gamer, so I was curious if there's anything I can do about this; whether my PC is "too small" for this game.
And if there could still be some use from the memory card or something; which would enable the game to play at a normal speed.
I'd like to hear from you, thanks.
I can play the game; however, when I play the game, the image is “laggy”, so when I want to turn the car to the right; there is a certain delay in doing that.
So you get there faster i.e.
the guardrail ends up in the right place, instead of on the road
Do you know how I can check this?
Ah those are pretty high now (do you mean screen mode etc?
Oh great thank you!
No, I guess you answered my question for now.
And if not, then I know how to find you: you are quick, adequate and friendly in your response.
Thanks
Hello, I bought a book and put it on the ereader through syncing.
I also want to be able to read it on my phone, so I downloaded the PRS-ORG app.
Now I can read the book on my phone but it does not open on the ereader.
How can I solve that?
EMAIL
I think it's February 14th.
Oh no, I see February 15th.
The book is called: PRS-ORG
That is nice
Yes.
Oops!
This document couldn't be opened
There might be something wrong with the file.
Try to sync and if it doesn't work, contact us
Okay, I will now get to work with it.
Success!
Thank you for the quick help!
ebook
Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG
I bought two books on Monday.
PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG.
I got them on the laptop.
I couldn’t get them on the e-reader.
Then completely lost.
Not even in these purchases.
Discussed it with a colleague earlier this afternoon.
Logged out, logged in.
And still no results
NAME-M!
Hero!
It works.
Kruispunt does the job.
I will also check the second book.
It works, too.
NAME-N.
I nominate you for the Nobel Prize for fast service.
Thank you!
Nothing else, I'm going to read.
Have a nice evening.
account
That's at least half a year to a year ago, I can't just look it up again.
In any case, a number of books about mediation.
Among other things the handbook.
Well, I took a subscription for 10 euro a year or so ago
month.
I do not need that at the moment, but it is completely unclear to me how to end it.
I've been endlessly searching for it multiple times.
Yes.
I think that is very nice.
Maybe I will be able to come back to pp some time, but I am not using it for now.
Very nice!
And it was organized smoothly.
Thank you...
No, I am fine like this.
Thanks again and have a nice evening.
I received my PRS-ORG today and took a PRS-ORG subscription through PRS-ORG
I now downloaded books but I cannot open them, I get the message that this document cannot be opened what am I doing wrong?
EMAIL
January 5
PRS-ORG
What can I do to open the books?
Ok, I'm going to try it, thank you. Hope it works out
Thanks, have a nice afternoon
Yes, I am an inept computer. It may take a while.
Top, he thanks
No sir, have a nice afternoon NAME-M
There is a line through the little symbol of the light, and I can't get rid of it.
Also can't seem to find how to do that.
Please help.
EMAIL
no
It is not damage.
I charged my PRS-ORG yesterday and then the light no longer worked.
I must have pressed something
That didn’t help.
There's also a line through the little symbol
All this because a line is drawn through my light symbol?
Is there not a simpler solution?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-N.
May I ask your first name?
NAME-M
26 March 1987 from Enschede
I have been playing PRS-ORG mobile for years and I play PRS-ORG on the PRS-ORG
Both take up a lot of time and money every month
My PRS-ORG account for PRS-ORG mobile has been blocked without a message and reason
Yesterday, a request was made, but now it says that request is "pending" so I'm curious if that is going well.
Yes
I am very disappointed about this because now all my rewards have gone.
I would like to know if there is any news.
I am so heavily disappointed because I did nothing wrong, my trust is gone and I am actually planning to cancel all memberships and delete everything
I even continued to play while due to PRS-ORG glitches I turned my item in and did not get my fp points
PHONENUMBER
You're welcome
Is this the same request that they created yesterday?
And you have to wait 10 days?
Okay, and how long will this take?
I'm pretty done with it though, not you but the situation
Thanks for the help.
I'll wait a while, but my trust is gone.
I spend between 500 and 750 euros per month, and that’s too risky for me, if suddenly a block is put on it
Okay I will.
Hopefully they will catch it up soon.
Thanks for the nice and good help
Have a nice day further on as well.
Bye
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account.
I would like to delete my PRS-ORG account
created a new email on the PRS_ORG app so that I could
I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
so i need to have a new account on that email addres
EMAIL
Well it's really so
i can't send a proof
sorry sir
looked in the wrong direction
it is EMAIL
that's him
sorry for the mistake
is fine
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-F.
May I ask your first name?
Hi NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
I contacted you before because my account had been hacked.
This has since been fixed.
Except that the hacker sold FUT players.
I don’t play the game myself, but my son does.
I chatted with a colleague of yours this morning and they said they could help fix this
The hack sold 4 footballers.
My son has now bought it back, but he now has a lot less credit in his PRS-ORG account
I do not know if I am explaining it all well, because I do not play the game myself
My question is whether the account can be reset to the moment before it was hacked
the email address is EMAIL
I received a request number from your colleague
that number is PHONENUMBER
yes my little one plays that
no, that is not necessary
the problems caused by the hack have already been solved
i just want to ask if the actions of the hack can be undone
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Help!
My name is NAME-M.
What is your first name, if I may ask?
NAME-M
I would like to change my e-mail address, but the site then sends a security code to my old e-mail that I no longer use
Therefore I can't modify it
Yes I want to change it
my old email address was EMAIL but I want to change this to EMAIL
My account does not need to be restored just my email address please
Top I got a code via my email can I now use this to change my email?
My code is ALPHANUMERICID
Top thank you so much!!!
Good morning, I bought a book on Monday via my URL account "PRS-ORG", I see the book in my e-reader but get the message "Oops!
The document could not be opened.
The file may be corrupt."
I have synchronised several times but unfortunately it does not help.
I can't open the book.
Do you have a solution?
Greetings, NAME-F
EMAIL
This morning I downloaded a free book to see if I could open it, PRS-ORG
is correct
download from the site,
recovery, purchase via the site
I’m working on it now, but it will take a while, I see, I have to search for a wifi password.
If this doesn't work, I'll sign up again.
Sure, I will try to log in again
Success!
Thanks for your help!
No way, I can continue again.
Good day!
unknown_issue
I can't type anything
Hello, I have the e-reader of my late mother.
I linked my credit card
EMAIL
I can't get into her account and I want to link my credit card to a new (own) account
Yes indeed.
And remove the data from her account.
Just that I pay every month on her account.
But I do not access her account.
No one knows her password.
Can you convert the credit card details to a new account
So removing info from EMAIL and input it into a new account
I changed the address data yesterday to 1432 PB (my address) her address was ALPHANUMERICID
I don't really understand what you mean.
So I cannot cancel the subscription via her account?
Because I can't get in there?
I could change it yesterday on the e-reader, by the way.
I can't find any information about this now
Or, if I link the credit card to my own account now, will it cancel it on her account?
Yes, can you cancel it on her account?
Then I link the given to my own account?
That would help me enormously
You are a hero!
All data can be removed.
Her account will no longer be used.
Fine
Thank you very much.
Get it straightened out.
What a relief.
That was all.
Thank you
Hi, I forgot my PRS-ORG, got an e-mail from PRS-ORG to set up a new password.
the link is copied to the browser, and then I cannot continue to set up nw www, how does it work?
EMAIL
there is nothing in my library yet, I wanted to start with it
okay I hear that I will stay online
exactly
then I come in the assist screen of PRS-ORG
I had hoped to be able to create a new account using the link in the email.
then I get reset the PRS-ORG ww help screen account
yes I will do that
done
I was able to change the ww. thank you very much for that.
now I'm going to look and see if I can find an overview of grace e-books on PRS-ORG
thank you so much again for your help
PRS-ORG cannot open purchased ebook.
It is on the device, but it says it can't open this document.
i restarted and downloaded again but it doesn't open it.
even via URL directly placed on the device does not help
EMAIL
how can I do that, I bought an ebook this morning via URL
fine
i do not have the option prs-org  unsubscribe
ok i did
Audiobook purchased and paid for.
Nothing in the library.
Something went wrong.
I also washed it last time
EMAIL
Just today, even
I didn't get the last purchase, no
Last time too.
When I had to pay and submit
Bok van NAME-F
Description PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x0230 ALPHANUMERICID
Great.
Not the first time this has happened.
That's my mistake.
Good morning,
I ordered a gift voucher yesterday, but that person has not received it yet, but I have already paid 20 euros.
I myself haven't had any confirmation yet.
Can investigate what goes wrong.
EMAIL
the last gift voucher is on 23
Oh that's weird because the money has been debited indeed
The description number is PHONENUMBER
EMAIL
No thanks, I had a nice weekend
ordered 2 books last night - because of error i paid twice - 2 x 10 euro and did not receive anything, seems to me not to be true, please help me with this
EMAIL
the last one was on 16 jabuari 2021 and last night the purchase of the 2 books, so 7 february
NAME-M and NAME-F on sale, 2 for 10 euro
I bought the latter two last night
is coming up
Visitor uploaded: PRS-ORG-purchases-.pdf
URL: URL
Type: application/pdf
Size: 70643
needs a bit of cutting and pasting
toppie books are in
thank you for this great service
we are happy again here
no my day is good again thanks again you have a nice day
Good morning,
I bought an e-book last Sunday through the PRS-ORG app and now I can't find it anywhere.
EMAIL
January 17
PRS-ORG
I can't find this book in my account
I can't take a screenshot because of security policy
PHONENUMBER CREDITCARD PRS-ORG Purchase x2424 pasnr.017
Okay, thank you.
The book is on there now:)
No thanks, have a nice day!
