Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
NAME-M
You closed the conversation before I even had a chance to answer
Ok
I just told you that I don't have a game code
PRS-ORG sends the game directly to the PRS-ORG account
I have a purchase invoice
How can I send you the pdf file?
I gave it to you earlier.
The invoice number on the PRS-ORG website is:
Order# PHONENUMBER
But this site is an official PRS-ORG retailer
So you're affiliated with them
that's why you are the best ones to handle this refund
But since you are an affiliate
you can handle that for me
yes
I'll look into this with them and come back if needed
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
My problem is that my account
was linked to my PRS-ORG account
while I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account to attack PRS-ORG on PC
yes that's right
because I no longer have PRS-ORG
so I would like to link the account to PRS-ORG
yes, or retrieve my PRS-ORG companion team
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
hello
I just launched a FUT Champions match and it gets stuck on the opposing team's lineup.
I can even send you an image
You are the
no
I'm in the Fut Champions match and the game is stuck on the opponent's team
EMAIL
just for your info, I am still in the game, I don't want to quit the game, as I am afraid of losing the match
But if I leave the game, will I not lose?
It's good, I haven't lost the match. Have a nice day
thank you for your help
Hello,
For two days now, when I want to make a purchase, I can't access your site.
An error message appears: server problem.
EMAIL
Audio book: The confessions of PRS-ORG.
Ebook: L'abbaye des cent péchés
My phone in general.
Then I sync it with the reader.
Except for the audiobooks that I listen to on the phone.
The devil!
What is it?
Okay.
You are going to think I am very stupid, but everything worked until yesterday.
I didn't change anything on my phone.
Where am I supposed to look for this VPN?
I will try to do what you recommended.
If it doesn't work, I'll get back to you.
Have a good evening.
Best regards
Hello, my name is NAME-F
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
I this morning with one of your colleagues for account recovery
I reset my email, everything is ok, everything works
However, I just received a message with a 6-digit code to verify the ownership of my account
And apparently I have to provide this information to an advisor.
Because I'm really afraid of losing access to my account again, I'm getting a bit panicked
Yes, I was just wondering why they were asking me for it, since I already used it to reset my mail, and now everything is working.
348138
This is the code I received
But I'm afraid we will start over with resetting the email, even though I don't need to do that
Thank you, have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
hello everyone I had a problem with my account my game code was already used but I found the right account but the problem is that it wants to install it through the download and not with the CD as I do not have too much internet and a bad connection so it is difficult
how do I make it to install from the CD?
because that's why I'll need one day for downloading
the game is PRS-ORG
On pc
it directs me to download it
Without asking me for the game code
because it was already installed on another computer, so when I accessed my account and entered the game CD, it tried to download it
or it does so, so it wants to download it to install it
yes, it takes me 1 day to download it because of the bad connection
I want to install it from a CD and not from a download
via chat
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to get in touch with one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By phone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read your conversation with NAME-M
hello!
I would like to receive your emails in French and not in German.
Is that possible?
in addition, I received emails stating that my account had been verified, but 3 months later...
yes
I have French language on my dashboard.
but I receive all communication in German
yes
great, thank you
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I assist you?
Hello NAME-M!
I tried to order a terminal a while ago, but I closed the page with the details (IBAN, address, etc.) to make the transfer.
How can I find this information again?
I wanted to go back and remember the price to be paid but I couldn't find this information again.
Currently, no I'm on the support page.
(everything is written in Italian, it doesn't help haha)
Ok, so I will place a new order!
That's all I need!
Thank you for your help and have a great day!
hello
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
we've downloaded all the documents
Thank you for reconfiguring our device
we are in the middle of the inauguration, and it no longer works
Yes, I have to download it again
I just did that
I replied to the email
Please, take care of it quickly.
It's a huge loss for us...!
for you too...
ok, I understand, but how long will it take?
NAME-M_TEXT:How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M. Thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
Via chat
{ChatWindowButton:Via le chat,Par téléphone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
hello
I requested a change of account details and wanted to know when this request will take effect?
This is a business account for a company
yes, I'm still there
I am contacting you from the profile I created
I do not understand.
how should I proceed then?
I sent an email on Friday to EMEMAIL
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
NAME-M a message indicating a payment that I did not carry out
You have just paid 21.00 EUR to TEAM TEX - URL
To unsubscribe - URL
The automatic rejections for PRS-ORG ****  were disabled.
You can reactivate them when you make your next purchase from an PRS-ORG merchant.
No
I don't remember
My nephew maybe paid with a game on the phone?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I assist you?
Hello.
Our PRS-ORG 3G terminal has serious connection issues.
The type of connection "3G mobile data" has been activated, but even when we move to the office, the connection is not established.
Moreover, the battery level changes from one second to another, going from 85% to 8% in 10 seconds.
We would like to have a new terminal.
Could you please take care of this?
Thank you for your cooperation and I send you my best regards.
The number is as follows:
PHONENUMBER
You can send the new terminal to the address:
Municipal commune of NAME-F
La Charrière 6
2534 Orvin
Will this terminal be charged?
Or is it free?
Thank you for your efficient and good collaboration.
Thank you for your cooperation.
If necessary, you can also contact us by e-mail at the address EMAIL or by telephone at PHONENUMBER.
With my thanks and my best regards.
No, that's perfect like this.
Thank you very much!
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
yes
I have an issue with transfer limits
I have to send 158,100 € to my notary.
for the acquisition of a plot of a forest
I just found out about the limits on the amounts that can be transferred
For the time being, I have 59 975 € in the account, which I would like to transfer to the notary as soon as possible
I'm referring to the transfer limit for the business account
moreover, I have 100,000 € on the account that I was supposed to receive
these days
and I should make a second transfer of 98 125€
I can call the notary for you to prove all of this.
I wanted to transfer yesterday 59,975 €
on June 14 2022, at 19:49
Yes.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, I just lost 15,000 PRS-ORG credits because you don't know how to code a game.
I launched a draft in the 1st round 0 minute into the game the opponent cheated and I lost
My name is NAME-M
An angry user
Yes, in the meantime I even started a new draft to see if I was having a bug
Huh?
But are you kidding me?
But you are useless, you are just incapable people, like every other time I have to deal with you
it's always the same, you're all incompetent, it's always the same, can't do anything for you
so, i have to disconnect for 1h of game and maybe i could get a draft token?
so, in addition to making me piss off, I can't play the game for 1 hour?
You are geniuses, you're on the right track
yeah as always there's nothing you can do, thanks anyway
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example: "How can I change my email address?"
”.
To avoid confusion, please ask me only one question at a time.
Hello,
My transfer still has not arrived
So what can I do for you today?
Okay
I am unfortunately not able to access your payment frequency.
However, you can access it from your account settings: URL.
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Ok, thank you
So is that for today or tomorrow?
Yes
Okay, I'll wait then
It's all good, take care
I'd need a sign for my lounges
NAME-M_TEXT:So what can I do for you NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't get it.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT:For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
display showing PRS-ORG
I would like to speak with a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I am here to help if you have any questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry, I did not understand.
Could you please rephrase your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I wanted to know if it was possible to receive a small sign that says I have a PRS-ORG
so my clients can pay by card
no
It's not his/her fault.
when I was at the market, I had a little sign that indicated that I accept payments with a credit card
but someone stole it from me at the last fair
I would like to know if you could send me another one
a display
please
if possible 3 that can be placed on my stand
Not the ones that stick
Mme VOZEL Amandine, 3, lot La Cour du Bois, 17260 Saint-André-de-Lidon
no, thank you, have a good day
Hello, the payment links don't work
So, what can I do for you today?
In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
Hello, NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example "How can I change my email address?
”.
Remote clearing
I'm sorry.
Could you tell me what kind of transaction it is?
{ChatWindowButton:Order a payment terminal,With my payment terminal,Remote settlement,With my PRS-ORG Card}
These difficulties can occur for different reasons.
In order to find out which applies to your situation, I will put you in touch with a human colleague.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Thank you.
The remote payment link doesn't work, it keeps asking me for the terminal each time I create a link
Yes, I tried to send a link, but it didn't work, so I created a QR code of €300
I don't understand why the links are not working
Can you tell me why, I have no answer
Yes, thank you, I think I made a mistake.
Thank you very much for your answer and promptness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
I'm contacting you because PRS-ORG has removed 950,000 credits from my PRS-ORG Ultimate Team
I don't know why, because the credits I had were earned thanks to players I got in the packs, so I sent the photos
And by doing buy/sell.
I would like to get my credits back, as it's a huge amount of money!
I dispute the sanction!
Psn: ALPHANUMERICID
email address: EMAIL
I only transferred 150,000 credits from another account!
I never did anything illegal!
And the rest I earned myself.
And PRS-ORG took everything from me!
And when I look at my ban/suspension history, nothing shows up
On help.PRS-ORG
I never broke PRS-ORG's rules
Yes, I want you to, thanks, because it's a huge sum of money!
Thank you.
So I don't do anything else?
I just have to wait for an email response?
Thank you!
I hope to recover at least
half of my credits
I submitted photos as proof before starting this case with you
I don't know if you have access to it?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello,
My name is NAME-M
Thank you. So, here I am facing a problem for the second time in the online Draft mode on PRS-ORG
indeed, I pay 300 PRS-ORG points (which is money) and I decide to start a match
and as soon as I'm in the game, I'm disconnected
probably cheaters
but it's the second time since I've been doing drafting
and I'm starting to get fed up with being cheated like this
I'd like a refund of the points
alright, thank you.
no problem
They tell me that I am not eligible
I just lost 300 PRS-ORG points because you can't fix this problem
So, you will give me a refund.
I paid
and I lost money
So now I want a refund
It's not right to do this, your players are losing money because of cheaters
And you do not refund?
find a way to reimburse me
I will not leave without my refund
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
hello,
I have a valid subscription to PRS-ORG
I also play on PC via PRS-ORG
why do I have to pay an additional annual subscription when it's already valid on the Playstation?
PRS-ORG
PRS-ORG is also installed
so in summary, the problem is with PRS-ORG
is the PRS-ORG subscription a multi-device subscription?
if I have a subscription via playstation, it should be valid on PRS-ORG?
or not?
No, you don't understand.
my subscription is active with PRS-ORG
but not valid on PRS-ORG
Hello and happy new year 2021,
I can't log in to my PRS-ORG account online anymore, my password reset does not work and when I log in with my PRS-ORG ID, I get a message saying that there is already an account with this ID.
On the other hand, I can download the books normally from my e-Reader.
Can you please help me?
Regards.
EMAIL
No, because I can no longer access my account, but I just found 2 bills from February 18, 2020 on my account statement
I bought my eReader at the end of December 2017.
thank you
45000
I got it and it worked; my last 2 paid purchases indeed date back to February 16th 2020, the amounts are the same as in my statement.
It worked, I just logged in on Edge and with PRS-ORG, and bookmarked your homepage.
The matter is resolved, thank you for your help and have a nice Sunday.
Thanks, just a proposed purchase: "La frivolité est une affaire sérieuse" by Frédéric Beigbedder but from the new pocket edition, so less expensive than the large edition released in 2018.
It's okay for me.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
I can't play the PRS-ORG game.
unable to update ALPHANUMERICID
lucas hello, and thank you for your help
we have already uninstalled and reinstalled the game PRS-ORG, but it still doesn't work
We tried on two PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG one consoles, with no results
yes
we also tried to reset the console to factory settings, but nothing happened
updating impossible 0xPHONENUMBER
ALPHANUMERICID
sorry
when I go to manage the game on update, there aren't any available
yes, this error code has been appearing for 4 days
there is a problem when updating, after which the game crashes
ok, thanks
{ChatWindowButton:Via chat,Via phone}
Via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello,
I requested, by e-mail, that an "employé" e-mail address be deleted, so that I can use it on another account.
Your colleague replied that it was not possible, even though it was done for another address the day before.
I haven't heard anything since my 2nd message.
So, I should receive news quickly?
Perfect.
Thank you, have a nice day
Yes, thank you, I got all the answers I was hoping for.
No, thank you.
agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error has occurred.
Let me find a human to deal with it for you.
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hi, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
hello robert I can't make an online payment
transaction failed
Your deposit request has failed or has been cancelled.
It's really urgent, if possible to resolve the issue today. Thank you.
No, thank you.
Have a nice evening.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
as usual every month despite the fact that I got my twitch prime pack
I did not receive it in-game
EMAIL
ALPHANUMERICID
my PRS-ORG account is on the email address EMAIL
and although I linked my PRS-ORG account and my MAINTES FOIS Prime account, I still have the impression that every time there's a problem with the two distinct email addresses
Well, I requested the recovery and it said "recovery successful"
so the problem is on your end, not mine
and in the previous months, the person I had through chat generated me the pack
so I think there's a problem with the level of expertise
I didn't log in on the console
only on the app
Ok, thanks.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation.
Via the chat.
How do you want to be put in contact with one of our agents?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, yesterday at about 11:00 PM, all transactions were impossible.
I sent my identity card and my registration certificate yesterday around 17:00
My commercial registry extract
Can you reactivate transactions before 9:00?
We need the terminal this morning.
I uploaded the documents directly to my profile as requested.
Yes.
Okay, I'll call you back at 9:00 if it still doesn't work.
Are there any other settings that need to be settled?
human
NAME-M_TEXT: Nice to see you again NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
Hello.
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my associate
I would like to order a second PRS-ORG for my business partner.
And I would like to know if I could buy the SumUp 3G without a printer.
because the price is very high
I want a second Cvarte pro.
and I want this terminal
URL
without the printer
send me the link, I can't find the PRS-ORG 3G without the pack
and?
There is nothing
Hello, my latest book "ces biens essentiels" is faulty.
It becomes unreadable towards the end: overlapping characters and off-center accents.
It's too troublesome, I want a refund, thank you.
I will resume this chat, which started too late on Sunday evening, and I had to go to sleep.
EMAIL
"ces biens essentiels" by NAME-F
I don't know if this book is malformed or if the problem is only on my e-reader...
I can take photos but not right away.
For me it's around page 294, but it changes depending on the font size.
In any case, it's about 75%.
I'm available to do it, because now I can't do more.
That is perfect, thank you.
Thank you, have a good end of your shift
So happy to see you again, NAME-F!
talking to a human
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thanks for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
What can I do for you today?
hello NAME-F, a customer paid me through a link, but I can't see the payment
URL
But it is in his account.
Yesterday
it is written accepted in my transactions... sent to my links but not paid
ah, ok, thank you, how come it was not immediate, as it usually is with payments by link?
as a rule, as soon as I pay, I receive a notification of the transfer
have things changed?
Sign in on the website, not on the app?
ok thank you
Have a nice day
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name please to begin with?
Hello
Yesterday evening, I launched a fut23 session
I collected stars and bought a draft token.
I used the token and created my draft team online
When the first match started, the change never took place
After 30 minutes of waiting, I turned off the console and turned it back on
The game tells me that I left the game, so I lost my token, and now I have a handicap in future games for abandoning
Can you fix this?
Are you still there?
Thank you
Thanks for this feedback, I tried it last night.
But the application tells me I'm not eligible
This is quite scandalous, I must say.
I spent 2 hours on the game for this.
Yes.
Thank you.
I'll be waiting for your news very soon
platforms
I did not buy anything, and I don't have any audio books.
my eReader was bought in September.
yes, thank you
I've been trying to add books from my adobe to my reader since yesterday.
But it keeps telling me that I don't have permission.
I removed all my permissions and then added them again, but nothing changed.
I followed all the steps I found on your site, but it doesn't work.
The error message I have on my eReader is: this book is protected by PRS-ORG digital rights management (DRM).
having authorized your reader earlier, you must re-import it using PRS-ORG digital editions (ade)
but it is authorized everywhere on my computer and on the e-reader
but I already have a PRS-ORG account
I've had my eReader since September.
in December, I contacted you for the same problem.
I had this problem twice in 1 year.
I love my eReader, but when it causes me problems like this, I have no desire to recommend it to people in my surroundings.
if I follow your steps I will lose my connection with you.
I'm on my computer
I deactivated my permissions and uninstalled adobe.
I'll restart my computer and reinstall adobe
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
I can no longer log into my fut account.
It said too many clubs have been created
Even though I already played PRS-ORG with this account.
When I launch the fut mode with my account, it indicates account creation limit reached.
Even this morning, I was able to play with this account
Sorry, my name is NAME-M
You can help me, please
Thank you
Don't worry
It's EMAIL.
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Yes, thank you.
I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO LOG IN TO MY PRS-ORG ACCOUNT SINCE THIS MORNING
IT SAYS THAT THERE WAS A SERVER ERROR ON MY PRS-ORG
ON PRS-ORG AND PRS-ORG APP?
IT ASKS ME TO LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT ON THE CONSOLE
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
Ok, it's not a big deal, but can you help me solve my problem?
Ok, thank you, if the problem is due to maintenance, I am reassured and I will wait.
THANK YOU
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
a file is already open
PHONENUMBER
I'd like to get the content I had pirated returned to me.
or how to be compensated in PRS-ORG points????
I've been playing for 10 years, and I spend €400 in PRS-ORG points per year, in addition to buying the game
and on the phone they told me I couldn't get anything back
A file is already open with PHONENUMBER
I would like to recover the pirated content this morning or get compensated in PRS-ORG points.
I've been playing for 10 years, and I put 400€ of PRS-ORG points in every year, and even buy the game... And you tell me on the phone that I won't be able to get anything back
So, how do I do it?
EMAIL
I have already done the operations you are going to ask me to do
give you the code, change the password, etc
all I want is to play futchampions this weekend with my team
and now I can't do anything
I put money in the game every year; I have been paying salaries for 10 years, and now, for the first time, I need you
I was hacked today between 9 am and 11:30
Can you "erase" his activity and reset everything like this morning?
I still had my whole club at 8 a.m.
Save me the trouble, please
Agent
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your deposits and more.
For the more complicated ones, I'll put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for you, PRS-ORG?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Don't worry.
A human can provide you with information on your account status.
I think my bank declined the wire transfer 1019, I would like to know if it has come back in your system
Sure.
Ok, thank you, that's great
So, I will wait, that's right
Thank you very much
I'll wait
No, thank you very much.
I'll wait until afternoon
Thank you
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
Yes, I am having a good day, and I hope the same for you ;)
I don't know if you can read my file but my question is in there
otherwise I can repeat it if needed
Excuse me?
Your sentence is incomplete
I was just wondering that in the career mode, there are a lot of haircuts, but in the pro club, there aren't a lot of them
Is this normal?
And why is that?
Otherwise, do you plan to add them later?
No it's ok, thank you
No worries!
Have a nice day
I'll get back to you if this is not resolved
Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
NAME-M
I have a problem with the verification system for logging in to my account
I don't receive the email with the security verification number
After entering my login and password.
I also checked my spam
On PRS-ORG, my account is validated automatically, so there's no problem, but that's for the companion app for PRS-ORG on Android
The same thing happens when I try to log in through my internet browser
924311
This email goes through without any problems
Perfect, it looks like it worked
Thank you very much, I hope this will solve the problem.
NAME-M_TEXT:I see that you are experiencing problems with cash flow because of your transaction limit.
Would you like to discuss it?
{ChatWindowButton:Yes, s}
no, I am contacting you for something else
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
support
Yes.
I am really stuck with my clients about payment
I sent my PRS-ORG
Yes.
the delay please
waiting time
yes
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-F
I installed PRS-ORG on my new computer, but I can't play
It says that there are too many computers
mercui
Thank you.
oh really?
I also bought the game PRS-ORG
in addition to my PRS-ORG subscription
I shouldn't have any problems
I don't get it?
I have a PRS-ORG account
of PRS-ORG regular license
And, I also have an PRS-ORG subscription
so I have 2 PRS-ORG licenses
Hello, my name is NAME-N.
How can I help you?
hello I receive mails asking me to provide more information or to provide them, thanks
Moreover, I've sent all the requested information by email, otherwise I am
Of course, here's a copy-paste of the message I received
We would like to inform you that, as stated in our general terms and conditions of use (URL), a PRS-ORG profile can only be used for a single activity.
Please confirm for which activity your profile will be used and please provide proof (invoice, facebook link...) for this activity.
If you wish to use your PRS-ORG payment terminal for another business activity, please create a second PRS-ORG profile.
Thank you for your understanding.
Regards,
Pierre
PRS-ORG Enrollment Services
I work the fair and it works, I'm also from Plombières; these are the products I sell on Facebook
lessenteursdegrasse
URL
do I send everything by the email I received?
yes, 'I sent kbis and the facebook link
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hi, my name is NAME-M.
Yesterday I contacted your services because I can't pre-download PRS-ORG, they told me that normally everything should be resolved quickly... but it's not the case, I pre-ordered it to play it tomorrow, if I can't download it, that means I won't be able to play it tomorrow.
So I would like to cancel this pre-order so I can pre-order the game again and hopefully it will work this time
Thank you in advance for addressing this issue.
Sure
My email is EMAIL
My ID is: ALPHANUMERICID
Thank you very much, can I re-preorder it now?
or do I have a little delay?
Ok, thanks :)
I'm reordering it now
Thank you very much for your competence :D
Perfect, thank you, the pre-loading works!
everything works great!
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
I have latency in the game while I should qualify for FFS.
it's unplayable
like usual
EMAIL
ultimate team
1 week ago
all is going well
and that's when the players feel sluggish, and when I pass the ball, it arrives 5 seconds later, it's not possible
sir, it's no use
I'm wired
I have a perfect connection
5 days ago everything worked perfectly
and now I can't do anything
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello
My terminal does not work.
It says "transaction refused."
I received an email asking me to update my profile
Is it related?
How long will it take to update my profile once I have the documents?
I absolutely need the terminal this weekend
I have 2 major events.
Very well, I will send the documents quickly.
subscriptions
Hello, I unsubscribed from PRS-ORG about a month ago.
After some time I realized a payment has been made
I bought the story Forbidden Little Thumb
I would like a refund for the mistake made.
11.49
Yes
A payment of more than 9.99 € has been made on my credit card from PRS-ORG
But I'm unsubscribed
Can you confirm that I am unsubscribed?
Will I be reimbursed for the mistake?
NAME-M_TEXT: For the more complicated ones, I put you in touch with a human.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you NAME-M?
Why is my store closed?
NAME-M_TEXT:Oh, an error occurred.
Let me find a human who can handle this for you.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, the PRS-ORG virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments, and more!
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
Yes
And I can no longer open it
And it's not good for my business
When I click on the link, it says "store closed"
Thanks, I did it
Good day
I changed my phone number
PHONENUMBER
How to change
My account settings?
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
How would you like to be contacted with one of our agents?
Please wait a moment while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Hello, I'm French and I created a Belgian Sum Up account.
I don't receive the SMS to confirm my account
06 68 11 75 30
I also have a French account that I need to delete once the Belgian account is active
Can you please do the necessary?
06 68 11 75 30, this is my personal phone number
with which I wish to receive the code.
Hello, I am contacting you to express my displeasure.
I have been playing PRS-ORG 10 on PRS-ORG, and I have always liked this game.
The PRS-ORG mode is the mode that kept me busy since PRS-ORG 12.
I have to admit that I stop playing PRS-ORG earlier and earlier in the year as time goes by.
The PRS-ORG  champions mode is the one that makes me want to continue, but now it is very difficult to access it... Rank 3 had a match against Rank 2 last week, and there is no way I can qualify this week.
I hope for an update very soon to change the qualification in PRS-ORG  champions, otherwise I think I won't touch the game anymore
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Assistance.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, I'm very disappointed because I lost my PRS-ORG Champions qualification and I can't make up 1500 points plus the 9 qualifying matches before this weekend
How?
Will you change the qualification system?
Thank you, I really hope it will change.
I like the ultimate team mode, I like playing PRS-ORG champions.
Now, it feels like in order to access it and get good rewards, you need to be a really good player or have a very large team.
Hoping this will change quickly, talk to you soon. Otherwise, unfortunately, goodbye PRS-ORG
Thank you very much, I hope I am not the only one to make it happen quickly.
No, thank you.
Have a nice day, good luck, and I hope for a very quick update
phone number issue
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example: "How can I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:In order to avoid any confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: You can only register one phone number for your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on multiple smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond the scope of my virtual assistant skills, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hi, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
hello austin
I'm being asked to complete my profile with a telephone number, but I can't change the Telo number
So it's a num of dom tom
PHONENUMBER
so it has been since PHONENUMBER
yes, no problem
Yes, but the code doesn't arrive
I'm being asked for the verification code
but this one was sent to 06 92
I want to send you a screenshot if you want it.
yes, but it's the WRONG number
and I can't change the number
I haven't received a verification code yet
PHONENUMBER
I was told that to start accepting them.
I have to verify my phone number
I just started your service and there are already some problems
Hello, how can I activate my Alphanumeric number
NAME-M_TEXT:Please also be sure to only ask me one question at a time to avoid confusion.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, NAME-F, I am NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example, "How do I change my email address?
”.
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on different smartphones.
NAME-M_TEXT:Since changing a phone number is beyond my virtual assistant's capabilities, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I browse your conversation with NAME-M
Hello, I'd like to change my phone number
the current number is PHONENUMBER
And I'd like to change it to PHONENUMBER
please
Great, thank you very much
No, thank you, have a nice day
I would like to speak with an agent
I would like to speak with an agent
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-M_TEXT:I'm sorry NAME-F, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your question?
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation.
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F. Thank you for waiting while I browse through your conversation with NAME-M
Hello Ms NAME-F, how are you doing today?
I would like to change my email address
Perfect, okay, thanks.
No, it's all good.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
Hello, I am a PRS-ORG player and I just entered a code in the PRS-ORG store for 12,000 PRS-ORG points, but my points are not showing in my ultimate team account
The thing is, I recently changed the email address for my account, and I put in a more recent email address: EMAIL.
The only problem is that my PRS-ORG account email address is as follows.
EMAIL I'm afraid that the PRS-ORG points may be in the wrong account.
CD keys is a website.
The code was good since when I entered the 25-digit code on the PRS-ORG store, it worked
So, is it possible that the PRS-ORG points are on another account?
While I only have one PRS-ORG account
I entered the 25-digit code correctly, which was validated on the PRS-ORG.
In the store of my account, ALPHANUMERICID
But when I start ultimate team the points are not there
The email address associated with my ALPHANUMERICID account is EMAIL, but the email address of my PRS-ORG account is: EMAIL, which I just updated.
Are the PRS-ORG points active on the wrong account?
How can I do that?
Do I need to provide you with a purchase receipt?
Can't you check on which PRS-ORG account the PRS-ORG points are?
talk to a human
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-F!
NAME-NTEXT:What can I do for you today?
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT: Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, I'm trying to connect my store to my domain name.
The lights are green, but the status is still "not connected"
You didn't understand
My shop is on E-shop PRS-ORG
Yes
I added the DNS record, the lights are green.
But I'm still not connected.
Does it take a while?
Yes?
Okay, I got it.
Thank you.
I'll wait in that case
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello
I have ALPHANUMERICID on PRS-ORG and I can't log in to PRS-ORG
it tells me that I already have an account, but when I enter my email, it doesn't work, so I created this account but I can't use it in the game
I will call NAME-F sorry ^^
NAME-F
I changed the PSN address a while ago, it is still there with my old email
but entering my old one doesn't work either to log into PRS-ORG
My email address linked to PSN is the same as the one mentioned EMAIL
It doesn't work.
So basically, we are blocked from playing.
I don't think it only happens to me, you would have to do something to change my PRS-ORG account on the game.
having games and not using them is great
I am not going to create a new PSN account specifically for this game, are you going to create multiple accounts just for one game?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M
I still see 0 points... and yet I've made a lot of purchases
How can I get points... and what are they for?
I have bought a lot of games and PRS-ORG kits..
and yet, in all that time, I have never received any points..
I never received any points...and I never bought any.
What are they for?
I thought that one could earn points with purchases on your site...
The PRS-ORG points
Thank you, and Merry Christmas to the whole team.
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
Speak to an advisor
via the chat
NAME-M_TEXT:So, what can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to get in touch with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help you with your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat, By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
I can't reach a consultant
I would like to close the account and cancel its opening
the incompetence of your services
I have one.
I am tired of calling you every day for verification of my account.
I cancel its opening, I withdraw my request, and open an account elsewhere
yes
I want to close the account
you're talking to the future, I want to close the account now, not in a few days
3 weeks ago, the advisor also took a high priority :)
I have already contacted your site
Regency.
A countryside place
delivery
I logged out and logged in again, but it still won't open.
I can't read it
Book was bought on October 2
The screen freezes on the first page.
I'm forced to relaunch PRS-ORG to access my homepage
Yes, this is it
That's all.
Thank you.
Great!
Have a good day.
on which date was my professional account opened?
talk to an advisor
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I'm NAME-M, PRS-ORG's virtual assistant.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions regarding your payment terminal, your payments and more!
NAME-NTEXT:For the more complicated ones, I'll put you in touch with a human.
NAME-NTEXT:So, what can I do for you, NAME-F?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am NAME-F, I didn't quite understand.
Could you restate your request?
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can deal with your situation...
I'd like to know, for my tax return, the date when my professional account was opened?
Where can I find the exact date?
no, I opened the professional account after
where can I find this information?
yes
it's for my tax declaration, I need this information!
Thank you
Hello, Mr.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name please to start?
My password doesn't work anymore.
This is the second time in two weeks
and I can't reset my password since I never receive your email...
and I have to contact you through chat or phone to resolve this issue
my account address is
EMAIL
Can you help me again, please?
124876
let's say I'm a regular now haha
I was able to change my password successfully
and I can log in to PRS-ORG
thank you
thank you again and goodbye (I hope your servers will remember my mdp)
good day!
I can't authenticate my mobile
NAME-M_TEXT: What can I do for you today?
NAME-M_TEXT:I am sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand that well.
Could you rephrase your request?
NAME-M_TEXT:Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT:I would like to help you with your verification documents, but that goes beyond the scope of my skills as a virtual assistant.
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I browse through your conversation with NAME-M
yes
I can't do the strong authentication of my current phone
I receive the SMS
But the application doesn't take the manipulation into account
no error
when I'm in the strong authentication menu
unable to validate the phone
PHONENUMBER
PHONENUMBER
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Thank you also
I can explain my request?
Well, an investigation is currently being done on my PRS-ORG account because I got hacked before yesterday
Can I still use my account during the investigation?
Because I primarily play PRS-ORG, so having to wait several days is rather annoying
Okay, perfect. Can you give me any deadline?
Because, well, it gets complicated when there's nothing left in your club
Very well, thank you very much
No, nothing at all, thank you
Hello
Hello, my name is NAME-M.
How can I help you?
I would like to change my address.
I made a mistake in the address
No, the home address.
I made a mistake
I am accommodated free of charge by my boyfriend
how can I do it
otherwise I have phone bills
or insurance
yes I'm looking
Do not send me the PRS-ORG card.
as long as I haven't changed the address, please
sure
I'll send the documents soon.
Hello NAME-F, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and specific, for example: "How can I change my email address?
".
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
hello I want to change my personal number
So, what can I do for you today?
You can change your phone number at any time.
Note: you can only save one phone number on your account, but the PRS-ORG app (for the Air terminal) can be installed on multiple smartphones.
Since changing a phone number is beyond the scope of my abilities as a virtual assistant, I will transfer you to an agent.
One moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER I no longer have access to this number
PHONENUMBER
Yes, and how long after
because I cannot make the payment to my account
thank you very much
No, thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Your game starts to annoy me!
The same problem as with the last futchamp.
this time in my draft
Too many guys are quitting, so I'm counting this as a defeat even though it's the guy who leaves.
so I didn't get my 4-victory Draft reward
and I lose my 15000 credits
You did nothing for my last Futchamp, where I lost 2 ranks because of it
Don't hesitate
EMAIL
Are you going to say that you'll escalate this issue and do nothing?
So?
No, it was him who left.
I'm on a PC, not a console, I have a 600M fiber
and I didn't have a micro-cut because I was on PRS-ORG at the same time and it didn't cut off
It was him who left
It's just that when too many people quit a match against a player, the game considers that it's the player
This is bullshit.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello NAME-M, I'm NAME-M
I have a problem with my PRS-ORG account.
I don't have access to the transfer market on the app or the web.
However, access works directly in the game
NAME-M
Could you please help me, sir?
I'm fine, thanks, how are you?
While on PRS-ORG it's ALPHANUMERICID-
I made the mistake of trying to buy in-game credits on my first account.
So, I created a new PRS-ORG account with the goal of fully enjoying the game without breaking the rules this time.
Except that suddenly access has not been enabled on this new account
I play with the Lyon team, as a Lyon fan in fut mode.
I really like Paqueta, very complete for a rating of 81.
I'm doing everything I can to get him POTM at the moment
And what about your favorite player?
Very good player indeed, mbappe, you have good taste.
In addition, he has started the season very well, both in the PRS-ORG and on the PRS-ORG
Thank you for taking the time to help me.
Have you found an explanation for my transfer market
I've been playing for several days now and unfortunately, nothing has changed yet
Okay, I will keep having fun.
The main thing is to have access to it on console.
But the app is very convenient for managing it from a distance.
Thank you very much, NAME-M.
Have a great day!
Thank you for your help and your kindness
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
Peter
I think it's quite simple
I preordered BF 2042 on October 6 in the gold edition
And today I got a message while trying to install it: "Sorry, it looks like there was a billing issue with your pre-order".
So I go to the PRS-ORG site
And the order is tagged "in progress"
I realize that PayPal was never charged
So I change my payment method
I just want my game to be unlocked
EMAIL
I can see it, but with a tag marked "Preorder failed"
PRS-ORG
It doesn't change the problem
I just did the process
And it still says Pre-order failed
So you can't restart the order or something else?
Because I did enter my payment method and I still can't see the issue being resolved
I even received a notification on PRS-ORG saying that I can play
I relaunched PRS-ORG
I think that's enough after deleting the cache
And if I restart it, I'll lose our conversation
Via the chat
Hello, I would like to be able to receive payments on 2 different accounts.
I've already sent previous messages about this.
I just ordered a second box, but it is still being sent to the same account.
How can I do this?
Best regards.
How would you like to be contacted by one of our agents?
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can handle your situation...
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By phone}
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I read through your conversation with NAME-M.
A classic reader for €19
Yes, I want it by email.
I haven't received the case yet, but everything should be in order on Wednesday.
Once I receive it, I can configure it for another account?
I received an email this morning, telling me that my order was on its way.
My email address is EMAIL.
Thank you
The email I received this morning was in French, but I usually receive them in Dutch.
Can you change that, so that I can receive all communications in French.
Thank you
So, no.
At first I received the emails in French, but not the last ones.
I sent several messages about this subject without success.
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your first name, please, to begin?
Good evening, I'm back because I think I've identified the problem
I'm "lagging" only on PRS-ORG currently, and I wanted to check in my account on the server if there was a problem or not
because I have signs that I have packet losses even if I looked at it on teamspeak and I haven't had any losses for 50 min
as you can see on this picture
URL
Good evening, not much, I'm having a lot of issues and this is my last resort to come to you.
:(
URL here is one of my video about the problem
URL
And sometimes I don't see any sign of packet loss at the top, but I have some lags
Is this a problem with me or the game?
Because I'm going crazy
You're going to fix this via a patch, I suppose?
But in how much time?
Because I can't play under these conditions at all, not even in the pro club
Thank you, I hope this will help :)
Good evening and thank you
Good luck for this week
NAME-M_TEXT: Glad to see you again, NAME-M!
NAME-M_TEXT: I'm sorry about that.
Your device seems to be defective.
Hello, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I read through your conversation with NAME-M
NAME-M_TEXT:What can I do for you today?
IMPOSSIBLE TO TURN OFF ALPHANUMERICID FAILED TO LOAD
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
YES, I WANT TO TRANSFER 180 EUROS TO MY SOCIETE GENERALE ACCOUNT
APR2S, I WILL ENTER MY NAME AND IBAN NUMBER, I AGREE
AND THE TRANSACTION FAILED
MORE PRECISELY LOADING FAILURE
ALPHANUMERICID 15H45 APR2S I WATCH THE MATCH
LOADING FAILED
I have slow fiber speed, in 1 month
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
hello
I have a problem with my account being split into two
he's more hardline
And more access to my other email inbox.
The problem is that I have two accounts on EMAIL
or one has been changed to vinsvodoo (the opposite)
It is EMAIL
or EMAIL
I never have any issues with PRS-ORG, it's always PRS-ORG that bugs out
That means
I don't have access to that email, it's registered on Facebook, but it's older than 15 years
I once spoke to one of your colleagues and it worked, and then it stopped working
my real email address is EMAIL
I'm getting upset, I knew I wasn't going to be back on PRS-ORG
With PRS-ORG, I could recover everything in 1 hour.
so you will lose money because I'm no longer buying from you
Hello,
I have a big problem reading books downloaded from a library, a problem I've encountered more recently.
The book downloads from the library to my computer via PRS-ORG.
I have a license on the computer and I installed it on my PRS-ORG eReader.
I connect the reader to the computer to retrieve the book, the content is imported.
I eject my eReader before disconnecting it from the computer, and I briefly see the cover of the downloaded book on the eReader.
When I try to open the downloaded book to read it, a message appears telling me that my reader is not allowed to open this book because I would have to allow it again with our PRS-ORG ID and re-import it.
In the settings, I have PRS-ORG with my email address, and so I have the permission.
What should I do?
EMAIL
I didn't buy the book, I downloaded it from the library.
The most recent one is N.E.O. today.
- volume 1: La chute du soleil de fer by NAME-M.
It seems to me.
Anyway, I'm connected to wi-fi and automatic synchronization is on.
I don't know when the last sync took place.
The date and time are correct.
How can this affect the authorization?
I tried again before contacting you.
I uninstalled and re-installed the authorization.
I'll try again.
I have ADE 4.5.11 for the moment, I don't know why!
I've been using it for almost a year.
What are the factory settings?
hello, I did not receive the payment of february 3rd
I'm missing a payment
I did not receive my 3 payments of February 3
Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG.
🤖 I'm here to help you with questions about your payment terminal, your payments and more!
For the most complicated ones, I will put you in touch with a human.
So, what can I do for PRS-ORG?
You opted for payments via the PRS-ORG Card.
So the money is available on your card the day after a transaction, including at weekends.
Attention: if the transaction you are waiting for was made before the transactions on the card were set up, then the funds will be deposited into the registered bank account, not on the PRS-ORG Card.
Changes to the payment method and frequency have no effect on past transactions.
{ChatWindowButton:I am missing a payment,Payment settings,PRS-ORG statements}
Hello, my name is NAME-N, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
Very well, in that case I'll need a human to assist me.
Please wait while I transfer you to an agent...
hello, thank you
Ok, thanks a lot
Ok, thank you very much
no, thanks so much
Thank you too
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
hello, as you know the Star Wars Battlefront 2 game becomes unplayable
someone dies1hp because of a bug or a hack godmode
I have reported this issue to you several days ago
the game is unplayable
Hello?
EMAIL
The problem comes from you!
From the servers
Thousands of players complain and you feign...
But what a constructive answer!!!
no problem at all?!!
The developers have abandoned the game... and PRS-ORG is well aware of the server hack.
thanks for the customers and the customer support
Disgraceful.
no respect for players
NAME-M_TEXT:Hello, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant of PRS-ORG 🤖.
Please wait while I transfer you to a human colleague.
Hello
Yes.
My terminal is frozen.
I am looking for a way to send payment request links to clients
I don't have this feature in my app
It is no longer under warranty
PHONENUMBER
Have you read my questions?
I need help sending payment links to my clients
But I don't have the payment by link in my menu
I have a payment terminal or cash
Great, that would really help me
I'm counting on you, thanks
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
Hello,
I am having an issue linking my PRS-ORG account) to my PRS-ORG account
Thank you
You want the email from my PRS-ORG account, is that right?
PRS-ORG: EMAIL
Every time I try to link my PRS-ORG account I get this message:
An error has occurred.
An error prevented us from finalizing your request.
Please try again later.
For the PRS-ORG rewards.
Hello, my name is NAME-M, thank you for waiting while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I would like to know if the last sent ID card is good.
and also how to set up my bank account?
what is the registered one?
Yes, and I sent back an ID without hearing anything back
I don't have an IBAN that ends with 0507
yes
I can't change it directly on the app
and I just sent back the identity card... it's quite urgent anyway...
okay.. well I'm going to send you my bank details..
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask your first name, please, to start?
Hello NAME-F, my name is NAME-M
Yes, I'm doing well, thanks
I'd like you to help me, because I've never had much luck with the PRS-ORG game.
I have been playing since I was 10 years old and have never become a big player.
My friend got Hakimi as one to watch in his pre-order pack and I got NAME-N... Just the other day it was NAME-M.
I've put money into the game, bought the preorder to get 4600 PRS-ORG points, but I never get any luck.
I don't know what to do, can you please help me
I understand, but how come my friend has all these players?
He even got an icon in a previews pack…
Well, never mind if you can do nothing
Thank you anyway
I will therefore certainly stop playing this game
Thank you, happy holidays.
Through the chat
NAME-M_TEXT: How do you want to get in touch with one of our agents?
{ChatWindowButton:Via the chat,By telephone}
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can take care of your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-N, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M
hello,
I received a bill via SMS. I would like to receive it by email in order to get a refund
Transaction identifier ALPHANUMERICID 146,95€
EMAIL
I don't want to be reimbursed by your company.
I just want the invoice on my email.
Thank you
Hello, for 2 days I have been trying to validate my PRS-ORG card payment for a purchase, I entered all the information, I clicked continue and register, the visa check light is on but I have not received any answer.
I uninstalled the application and then reinstalled it, but the problem persists.
What's going on?
Please reply.
EMAIL
PRS-ORG's revenge
I want to buy the T2
Yes, but usually this doesn't happen when making the payment!
Why now?
What should I do?
ok.
Thanks, I will do it right away
Best regards
hello NAME-M
I want my money in my account, already blocked
I want my money in my balance, my account is already closed
Okay.
sure, but I already sent a new bank account to which the money will be transferred
yes, I am
yes, I am here.
yesterday I already sent the new bank account that will receive my money
Account holder
my name is BI JUNIAS HERODION KIEN
Sort Code
23-14-70
Account number
PHONENUMBER
IBAN
GB44 TRWI PHONENUMBER
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-N, may I ask for your first name please to start?
I made a mistake with the account associated with PRS-ORG.
EMAIL
Yes.
it is linked to no account I would like to link it to my PRS-ORG account
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account but I don't want it, I want EMAIL to be linked to my PRS-ORG account
yes, I can't link my account
Yes, but the PRS-ORG account is linked to the wrong PRS-ORG account
is EMAIL
but I want it to be linked to EMAIL and I can't do it myself
EMAIL is linked to my PRS-ORG account, I would like to dissociate them
I just paid 90 euros for the ultimate edition
Thank you.
hello
my terminal is blocked, what can I do
For the more complicated ones, I put you in contact with a human being.
What can I do for you NAME-N?
When this message appears on the screen of the device, unfortunately it means that it is defective.
Its security system has been activated, and the block is irreversible.
Not being able to process this type of request, I will put you in touch with an agent who can make the necessary checks and find a solution to your problem.
One moment please...
Hi, my name is NAME-F, thank you for waiting while I look over your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes
Could I have a phone number to call, please?
thank you, for me it will be simpler this way.
Hello, my terminal is locked on LD PRS-ORG
127.0.0.0
Hello NAME-M, I am NAME-M, the virtual assistant from PRS-ORG, at your service.
🤖 It will be easier for me to help you if your questions are short and precise, for example "How can I change my email address?
".
To avoid confusion, please also make sure to ask me only one question at a time.
So, what can I do for you today?
When this message appears on the device screen, it unfortunately means it is defective.
Its security system has been triggered and this block is irreversible.
I'm not able to process this type of request, but I'll connect you with an agent who can check and solve your issue.
Wait a moment please...
Hello, my name is NAME-F, please wait while I review your conversation with NAME-M.
PHONENUMBER
yes, sorry I have customers
I got a BK error code PHONENUMBER
then I plugged it in and pressed the start button
I did hold to boot then release to boot
It turned off.
invalid bk
Sorry, I'll get back to you when I have more time, because I have a customer appointment
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask for your first name, please, to begin with?
NAME-M
I've been getting disconnected and counted as a loss even though I'm winning 3-0 or 4-0, this is happening in several team match-ups
it's making me lose positions and therefore move backwards in the team rankings
I repeat, I have disconnections during clash team matches
I get disconnected, which causes me to lose the match even though I am winning.
it wasn't online
so nothing to do with it
I'm in a team clash, so it's your game that is causing me to disconnect...
No, I can't do that.
I'm tired, I play the game and I get scammed... I really feel like you don't care about players like me
This doesn't include the times when I found myself at 8 or 9 players since the beginning of the match because of a bug...
Hello,
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I bought the ebook "Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
I am disappointed in this purchase from your platform, which usually offers me well prepared books!
So I would like a refund of the corresponding 15,99€
Thank you in advance.
Best regards
EMAIL
Noyaux et particules : physique subatomique, vol.
1 by NAME-M, bought yesterday
Thank you for your understanding
I would prefer a refund to my credit card
Thank you
Have a nice day
No, thanks, it's perfect!
Hello, I want to reset my password, but I don't receive the email sent by PRS-ORG!
how can I do it?
EMAIL
01/03/2020
01/03/2021
the fiancées of the pacific
I'm going to try PRS-ORG
I'm logged into my computer but via my eReader...
How do I reset it with my eReader?
I did not receive any email
ok
I just tried it, and my password for PRS-ORG and PRS-ORG is correct, but my reader does not recognize my account
there was an update last night and since then I can no longer access it
It says: impossible connection.
it would seem that URL or the internet connection is not available at the moment
but I'm on wifi with my computer which I connected my eReader to
I restarted it and it's loading...
Yes!!!
it's working now, he just needed a bit more time!...
Whew, thanks for your help.
ok, I accessed the book I bought yesterday...
have a nice day
Hello, my name is NAME-F.
How can I help you?
Hello, I ordered a terminal on February 14, and I haven't received it yet...
February 11, sorry
Here is the invoice number PHONENUMBER
Thank you in advance!
Yes, on your website.
Here is the number of the order form PHONENUMBER
The tracking shows that since February 14th the package is at the border.
Here is the tracking number ALPHANUMERICID
However, I ordered through this profile... I received an invoice to my EMAIL address
But I have another profile with the email address EMAIL
But I used this profile because I wanted to benefit from the partnership with URL to get the commission at 1.49%
It's this one
The one I'm writing to you now
Is there a phone number to contact one of your colleagues?
It would be easier by phone
But you should have an order with this number PHONENUMBER
This is the order number shown on my invoice
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I'm NAME-F, may I ask for your first name, please, to start?
Hello, NAME-M
Shared pleasure!
Things are going well, thanks. I'm having a technical problem with the PRS-ORG game on PC
Indeed, for more than an hour, I can't get to the transfer market to buy a player
how is this possible?
Thank you in advance and I look forward to your reply.
It seems to me that it is a security block taken by PRS-ORG against hackers and bots.
But I'm not one of them.
This is the right one.
when I go to the PRS-ORG transfer market
When I try to search for the player I want
it indicates
"An issue occurred with PRS-ORG servers, please try again later."
everything else works fine, except the transfer market, that's where I get this message and it kicks me out of the transfer market
Thank you
thank you for your advice
Please speak to an advisor
Nice to see you again, NAME-M!
Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
How can I help you today?
I'm sorry NAME-M, I didn't understand.
Could you rephrase your request?
I want to speak to an advisor.
Hello, my name is, thanks for waiting while I reviewed your conversation with NAME-M.
I changed my phone number and I can't access the transfer anymore
Yes, which ones?
The code is sent to my old number
That I no longer have
You understand?
Hello
You're the expert
Yes, I did it just now
Yes, but it's not the old number
To what address should I send the email?
NAME-M
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG Support.
I am NAME-F, may I ask for your first name please to begin with?
Thank you for contacting PRS-ORG support.
I'm NAME-M, may I ask your name, please, to start?
NAME-M
Yes, thank you!
I hope so too!
When I tried to start NAME-M's 24h mission, I realized that the PRS-ORG castle that unlocked it was gone, along with all its accessories.
It is no longer in my city or in the inventory...
No, it is on the iPad.
No.
The game starts.
I wanted to start NAME-M's 24 h mission which requires the PRS-ORG palace, and that's when I noticed that the palace is no longer in my city or in my inventory
That's the Boitingham castle that unlocked Bart Gobelin.
I have NAME-M but no longer the castle or its accessories
NAME-M
Through chat
{ChatWindowButton:By chat,By telephone}
NAME-M_TEXT:How do you want to be contacted with one of our agents?
NAME-M_TEXT:Please wait a few moments while I transfer you to an agent who can help with your situation...
Hello, my name is NAME-M, please wait while I go through your conversation with NAME-M.
hello
I can't check my identity, can you reach me?
for verification
thank you
I have a problem, I can't read you
can you provide your email address so that I can send you your identity card
contact me by email
I can't see your messages
Leave me a message by email, that will be easier for me, thank you
EMAIL
